{"city": "shillong", "code": "17620905", "title": "Meghalaya house passes Lokayukta Bill amid protests", "text": "SHILLONG: Bringing the chief minister under its ambit, the state assembly passed the Meghalaya Lokayukta Bill, 2012 on Friday by voice vote, even as the Opposition walked out of the house saying that the important piece of legislation was \"full of flaws\".Significantly, the bill was passed on the last day of the winter session, which was also the last sitting of the 8th Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, with the state preparing to go to polls in just about a couple of months.\"In order to make the institution of Lokayukta more effective in the state, the government has decided to make a new law by repealing the Meghalaya Lokayukta and Up-Lokayuktas Act, 2000 (Act 1 of 2000),\" the statement of object and reasons read.In the new Act, the Lokayukta will have a chairperson and two members to be appointed by the Governor on the recommendation of a selection committee to be headed by the chief minister. \"The Lokayukta and members may 1nquire, investigate, hear, make findings, submit report, initiate prosecution and recommend for taking action in matters of corruption by public servants appointed to public service or posts in connection with the affairs of the state government of Meghalaya,\" the Bill introduced by chief minister Mukul Sangma said.Earlier, leader of opposition Conrad Kongkal Sangma said the new bill was a \"carbon copy\" of the older one and cited the institution of Lokayukta in the states of Karnataka and Uttaranchal as the ideal ones. Pointing out that the bill was circulated this morning itself, thereby depriving the members of the house of adequate time to study it thoroughly, Conrad sought a special session of the house to discuss it.Echoing him, legislator Ardent Basaiwmoit of the ruling dispensation, too, said the members needed sufficient time to study the bill before passing it. Legislator Paul Lyngdoh of the United Democratic Party (UDP), a constituent of the Congress-led ruling coalition, said he was convinced that the bill suffered from \"serious deformities\" and sought extension of the house for at least a couple of days to dwell on the bill and its ramifications.However, chief minister Mukul Sangma said there are only two options before the house - either to pass the bill or send it to a select committee to get it examined.Former CM Donkupar Roy and deputy CM Bindo M Lanong, too, were in the favour of passing the bill following which Speaker Charles Pyngrope said there was always scope for amendments, if required, in the future and said he, too, was of the view that the bill should be passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620594", "title": "Book fair finally finds a venue: YMCA Grounds", "text": "CHENNAI: After days of uncertainty, the Booksellers and Publishers Association of South India (Bapasi) has finally zeroed in on a venue for the 36th edition of the Chennai Book Fair. The event will be held in the sprawling YMCA Grounds in Nandanam between January 11 and 23.The annual event, which book lovers in the city look forward to, appeared to be in trouble over the past few days after the city traffic police objected to Bapasi holding the event at St George's Anglo-Indian Higher Secondary School which is on the busiest stretch of Poonamallee High Road. School officials were also reluctant to host the book fair because a sizeable part of the campus has been taken over by Chennai Metro Rail Ltd to build a station.Bapasi earlier held the book fair at Quaid-E-Millath Government College for Women before moving to St George's School, where it held the event for six years.Bapasi members say they had a difficult time scouring the city to find a suitable location. \"Some influential people helped us to get YMCA Grounds as the venue for this year's book fair. Though the dates have been pushed to the second week, we hope visitors will enjoy the fair because YMCA Grounds has a lot of space,\" said Bapasi general secretary S Vairavan. The book fair is going to be bigger this time, with Bapasi planning to set up 760 stalls, compared to the 640 it had last year. \"We expect the book fair to attract more than 10 lakh visitors, which is why we added 120 stalls,\" Vairavan said. As many as 7 lakh titles, including 1 lakh new titles, will be up for sale at a discount. The organisers have also decided to put up a digital board, for the convenience of visitors, which will display each publisher's catalogue. Bapasi plans to invite eminent speakers and leaders to address visitors and for debates and discussions.\"YMCA Grounds has a lot of parking space, which is ideal because we expect more visitors,\" said K Nagarajan of publishing house Bharathi Puthakalayam. Vehicles will exit via Todhunter Nagar of Saidapet, so as not to inconvenience motorists.\"Composer A R Rahman will perform at YMCA Grounds on December 29, which is why we had to postpone the book fair,\" a Bapasi member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618728", "title": "Chawla vindicates Dhoni's faith on comeback", "text": "NAGPUR: Questions are always raised whenever Piyush Chawla gets selected in the Indian team. At 23, he has more than 300 First Class wickets under his belt, but somehow he is always at the receiving end. Despite making his debut six years ago in Mohali, Chawla has managed to play just three Tests so far. In fact, he played his first Test after more than four years.\"There is always pressure whenever you play, but there was little bit more pressure this time because I was making a comeback after a long wait of four years. But the way it has started I think it has been good.With nothing substantial in terms of performances in the Ranji Trophy so far, Chawla must have been under some pressure to deliver. However, the four-wicket haul on Day 2 against England-his best figures-must have given this Uttar Pradesh leggie some relief.\"If you consider the type of wickets on which we played the Ranji Trophy matches this season, I would say I did well. We were playing mostly on seaming or flat tracks. So my performance was good in that sense,\" he said.While Day 1 was a struggle for both batsmen and bowlers, the Jamtha track played a bit better on Friday. India would have loved to bowl England out for under 300, but it didn't happen as Joe Root, Matt Prior and Graeme Swann ensured that the visitors get a decent total on the board. \"I think the wicket was playing a little better today. It was coming on to the bat when we were bowling in the morning. Let's see how it plays over the next three days, maybe tomorrow onwards it will start turning a bit more,\" he said.The wickets in the last session didn't help India's cause as they needed a big first innings total. Chawla, however, looked optimistic that India can still manage good total if they don't lose wickets in the first session on Day 3. \"We lost a few quick wickets, but we still have two quality batsmen (Kohli and Dhoni) at the crease. They are having a good partnership and seeing the ball really well. Let's hope for the best because the way these guys are middling the ball we could have a good session tomorrow.\"After bagging five wickets on Day 1, India struggled to get past the Root-Prior combination, which added 103 for the sixth wicket. \"We thought if we get one wicket in the morning we can stop them somewhere under the 300-run mark, but Root and Prior batted really well. But when we broke that partnership, we recovered really well,\" he said.He praised the efforts of debutant Root. \"He batted really well. He looked like a mature batsman and the way he batted and the amount of time he spent at the crease he never looked uncomfortable there,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619374", "title": "'Check case veracity for child's sake'", "text": "PANAJI: Claiming that non-government organizations have a big role to play in helping children who are victims of crimes, Anuja Prabhudessai, president of the children's court, said NGOs need to check the veracity of complaints.\"If there is doubt, the NGO in question has to check the veracity of the complaint to save the child from being exposed to the inevitable, ensuing trauma,\" she stressed.\"Once the complaint is filed and the matter reaches the court, nothing much can be done (to prevent the child from being exposed to the trauma),\" she warned.She narrated a case she was hearing some years ago about a father charged with raping his daughter.\"During my talks with the daughter, I learned that her parents were fighting over her custody, and that the mother had filed a false complaint of rape against the husband to win custody,\" said Prabhudessai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621630", "title": "Doomsday? Just a reason to party", "text": "KOLKATA: The city doesn't believe in the doomsday prediction. But on December 21, it is ready to party as if there would be no tomorrow.Many are looking at December 22 as a good way to begin the weeklong year-end celebrations. Private get-togethers and official bashes are being planned. Some are even flying back home to be with parents, though none of them seems to believe that the world will come to an end on December 22.Meghna Bansal, a fashion designing student in the USA, will be flying back to join her mother in Kolkata. \"We will attend a party at the Shisha with friends. It will be good fun and a nice way to begin the last week of the year. My daughter is flying back the night before and I am looking forward to a gala party,\" said Neta Bansal, Meghna's mother. But does she believe that the world might come to an end? \"Let's hope not,\" she said.NGO worker Neela Mazumdar has no doubt that the world will exist after December 22. \"But this is a great excuse to have one more party and I quite like the idea. In fact, it's a good time to celebrate for we are approaching Christmas. I will be at the Shisha on December 21 and have a blast. Let's hope we will have more parties in the following week. Nostradamus had predicted the end of the world but it didn't come true. There have been several such predictions in the past few years. This time, too, it will turn out to be just a hoax,\" she said.Former banker Sayan Mukherjee felt the doomsday prediction was just a \"rumour spread by some to trigger panic\". \"But most are intelligent enough to take it as a false alarm and have some fun. There is, of course, no scientific basis to this prediction. Yes, I will be joining party to observe the 'last night'. But I don't believe it will be the final party. In fact, I have quite a few other parties lined up to New Year Eve,\" said Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620704", "title": "Killer, 60, serving life, dies of tumour", "text": "CHENNAI: A 60-year-old convict died at the Government Royapettah Hospital due to illness on Friday.Kumar, a native of Villupuram, was admitted to the hospital a week ago with a tumour in his head. His health deteriorated and he was moved to the intensive care unit where he died. Doctors informed prison officials about the death.A sessions court had in 1996 sentenced Kumar to life imprisonment after convicting him in a murder in Villupuram three years earlier.Doctors at the prison hospital treated Kumar before referring him to Government Royapettah Hospital for further treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17621536", "title": "Bishnoi's bail plea rejected by the court again", "text": "JODHPUR: A court here on Friday rejected the second bail application of Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, one of the main accused in the Bhanwari Devi murder case.He had moved a fresh application for bail on health grounds on Tuesday.His counsel Hemant Nahta argued in the court that despite undergoing a surgery for hernia, he has not yet recovered instead his condition is deteriorating. \"His condition has not improved and it is not fit for him to stay in jail,\" argued Nahta.CBI counsels however objected to the defence arguments and cited the medical reports and discharge ticket of Bishnoi provided by the Fortis Hospital, where he had undergone the surgery. Senior special counsel for CBI Ashok Joshi told the court that the hospital has not mentioned anywhere that he requires further treatment and stated him to be fit.The prosecution also cited the role of Bishnoi in the crime and the strong evidences against him in the case. \"He has serious charges framed against him by the court, and is not a fit case for bail,\" the prosecution said.Hearing both the arguments, magistrate of ACJM (SC/ST cases) court Girish Kumar Sharma rejected the bail plea on Friday.Bishnoi will now continue to remain in the Ajmer jail, and will have to appear in the court on December 19 to hear the charges framed by the court against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620686", "title": "Indian vaccine industry passes WHO quality test with flying colours", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's Rs 19,000 crore vaccine industry has been cleared by the World Health Organization (WHO) to export vaccines across the world.A 16-member multi-nation team headed by WHO officials informed Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Friday evening after a four-day audit that they are satisfied with the vaccine clearance procedure adopted by the National Regulatory Authority (NRA) or the Drug Controller General's Office (DCGO).They also said that the vaccine clearance procedure used by the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) is \"stringent enough and the international community can be assured that vaccines produced by Indian companies are of high quality, safe and efficacious\".Though the team, which included officials from China, the US, Thailand and France, felt that India needs to do more to make clinical trials in the country safe and also improve pharmaco-vigilance (better reporting of adverse effects after vaccination), it gave a nod to the regulatory body.Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) Dr G N Singh said the team audited the CDSCO along with labs like Central Drug Laboratory in Kasauli, National Institute of Biologicals and Indian Pharmacopia Commission. They also visited sites in Kerala and Haryana that reported adverse effects following immunization to see how they were handled.\"We have passed with flying colours. India has become the first country to pass the stringent indicators put in place by the WHO, in one shot. WHO has also assured us of their help in capacity building on drug regulation in India. The team has expressed total confidence in the quality of Indian vaccines being exported to all corners of the world,\" Dr Singh said.Had India failed the test, export of Indian vaccines would have been stopped to 159 countries.Major buyers and international procurement agencies like the Gates Foundation, Clinton Foundation, UNICEF and GAVI, purchase vaccines in bulk meant for use across the world only when such a WHO-led audit clears it.This is the first time the review took place since 2009. India, which has failed a WHO audit thrice earlier, exports vaccines worth Rs 14,000 crore. And, vaccines worth another Rs 5,000 crore are used by the domestic market.Around 12 Indian vaccine companies are qualified to supply vaccine to international agencies. Around 30 different types of vaccines \u00e2\u20ac\u201d ranging from those against Hepatitis, measles and polio \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are being manufactured in India.WHO sets out six critical control functions on which NRA has to qualify.\"We are presently exporting two third of the vaccines manufactured while one third is consumed inside India,\" Dr Singh added.WHO procures nearly 80% of the global supply of DPT (diphtheria, pertussis, or whooping cough, and tetanus) and the BCG (bacille calmette-guerin) vaccine against tuberculosis and almost 90% of measles vaccine from India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621603", "title": "Vikaspuri murder: Help\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s lover nabbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Delhi police have cracked the mystery of the murder of a businessman's domestic help which took place in Vikaspuri four days ago. Roshan alias Dhani (24), a Nepalese national, was arrested by a two-man team of head constable Ajay and inspector Maninder Singh.Dhani was having a relationship with the maid, Jyoti, but decided to get rid of her when she coerced him to marry her. He also robbed the house where she was working after committing the murder. Police said they managed to trace Roshan through a SIM card which he left at the spot.Roshan, who stays in Vikaspuri and comes from a family of 10, migrated here in 2008 with his brother Mek Bahadur. He had gone to Ludhiana to serve as a shop hand. He returned to Delhi in July and started selling momo at Jwala Heri Market in Paschim Vihar. He was lately selling momo near Dhauli Piau in Vikaspuri. The murder took place at Brotherhood Apartments in Vikaspuri at the residence of Susheel Malla on Monday. Malla's son arrived at 3.30 pm and found Jyoti strangled with a chunni.\"The house had been ransacked. Stolen articles included diamond jewellery, a gold chain, watches and phones,\" a police officer said. Roshan came in touch with Jyoti via a prank call. During his visits to the Malla household, he spotted valuables . As he wanted to go to Nepal and was in desperate need of money, he hatched a conspiracy to kill two birds with one stone. On Monday, he reached the house, had intercourse with Jyoti and strangled her,\" ACP (West) V Renganathan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bandar seri begawan", "code": "17622715", "title": "Jeev honoured with Lifetime Achievement Award in Brunei", "text": "BANDAR SERI BEGAWAN: Seasoned Indian golfer Jeev Milkha Singh celebrated his 41st birthday in style by winning the Asia Pacific Lifetime Achievement award along with 18-time Major champion Jack Nicklaus and eight-time European Tour Order of Merit winner Colin Montgomerie here.The award was given out on the eve of the sixth edition of the Royal Trophy between Asia and Europe.\"This is a massive recognition for something that I have absolutely loved to do for the past two decades,\" said Jeev who turned 41 today.\"This is one of the most prestigious awards in Asia Pacific region, but to be named alongside someone like Jack Nicklaus and Colin Montgomerie...it really doesn't get any better than this.\"Both Nicklaus and Colin have been great inspirations for me through everything they achieved in their sterling careers. And this award simply adds to my motivation to try and become even better and bring more glory to Asian and Indian golf.\"The award for Jeev came in recognition of his achievements around the world, including four titles in Europe, four in Japan and six others on Asian Tour.Overall, he has 19 international titles and has twice won the Asian Tour Order of Merit in a career that is almost two decades old. Jeev, son of India's legendary athlete Milkha Singh, turned professional in 1993.The honour was bestowed upon Jeev during the 13th edition of the Asian Golf Monthly Awards, widely regarded as the region's premier annual poll of golfing establishments in the Asia Pacific.Montgomerie also received a Lifetime Achievement Award, while the inaugural Asia Pacific Golf Group Global Legacy Award was bestowed upon Jack Nicklaus.The top Indian golf courses were also recognised and awarded. The DLF Golf and Country Club, Oxford Golf and Country Club and Eagleton Golf Resort were named the top three golf courses in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620674", "title": "Body found on beach, murder suspected", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Friday recovered the body of a man from Marina Beach. Investigators said the man, who is yet to be identified, had been murdered.\"The man appears to have been stabbed repeatedly,\" a police officer said, adding that the victim appeared to be around 40 years old. He said the man, who seemed to be from north India, had deep cuts on his head. \"Prima facie it appears to be a murder, so he must have had enemies,\" the officer said. \"Once we identify the victim, it should not be hard to track down his killers.\"Investigators said it was possible that he had been killed elsewhere and his body dumped on the beach.A man walking along the beach spotted the body and alerted the Anna Square police station. Police registered a case and are investigating.The body has been sent for postmortem to Government Royapettah Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17621765", "title": "'Extreme climate may wipe out mammals'", "text": "LONDON: Mammals could be at greater risk of extinction due to a higher frequency of extreme conditions such as cyclones and droughts spurred by climate change, scientists have warned. Researchers from the Zoological Society of London (ZSL) have mapped out land mammal populations, and overlapped this with information of where droughts and cyclones are most likely to occur. This allowed them to identify species at high risk of exposure to extreme weather.The study describes the results of assessing almost six thousand species of land mammals. \"Approximately a third of the species assessed have at least a quarter of their range exposed to cyclones , droughts or a combination of both,\" lead author of research, Eric Ameca y Juarez said. \"If these species are found to be highly susceptible to these conditions, it will lead to a increase in the number of mammals classified as threatened by the IUCN under the category 'climate change and severe weather' ,\" said Juarez.In particular, primates - already among the most endangered mammals - are highlighted. Over 90% of black howler monkey (Alouatta pigra) and Yucatan spider monkey (Ateles geoffroyi yucatanensis) known habitats have been damaged by cyclones, and studies have documented ways they are able to adapt to the effects of these natural disasters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621129", "title": "No let up in rush", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With just one day to go for form submission at the convent schools in the city and certain others for kindergarten and pre-nursery classes, it was a day of extreme pressure and anxiety among parents, who were spotted running from pillar to post on Friday.Close to 3,700 forms were submitted in various schools with December 15 as their deadline.The schools included Sacred Heart High School, Carmel Convent and St Anne's Convent School, among others.While on the last day of admission form sale around 5,670 forms were sold at convent schools.\"I have running around to grab forms in various schools, but have not yet managed to submit these as they have not been attested as yet. I hope if they extend the deadline tomorrow,\" said Gurpreet Singh, a resident of Sector 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619828", "title": "Arctic could be ice-free in summer months, says draft IPCC report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Of all the warnings about dramatic effects of climate change, a leaked draft UN report is the most vigorous in arguing that fears of an ice-free Arctic Ocean in summer months can become a reality if global temperature rises by more than 2 degree Celsius over current levels.The draft copy of the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report says there is a 90-100% chance that the Arctic ice cover will continue to shrink through the 21st century with rising greenhouse gas emissions.The potential reduction in Arctic ice, resultant rise in water levels and the possibility of new sea lanes accessing the frozen north of Russia, Japan and Scandinavian countries has engaged scientists for some time and the report provides more evidence that this could happen.But any economic benefits apart, changes in the polar ice cap can alter life on earth for the worse with more frequent hot spells unless the annual rate of greenhouse gas emissions is halted and even reversed.The scientific body predicts a global mean surface air temperature change for the period 2016-2035 compared to 1986-2005 could be in the range 0.4\u00c2\u00b0C-1.0\u00c2\u00b0C. The change, however, is likely on the lower range.Scientific evidence, the report claims, shows global combined land and ocean temperature data indicating an increase of about 0.8\u00c2\u00b0C over 1901-2010 and about 0.5\u00c2\u00b0C over the period 1979-2010.The inability of climate negotiations to bridge the gaps between US, Europe and much of the developing world, including expanding economies like China and India, makes the report's forecasts even more worrisome.The draft report reaffirms that human-induced climate change is heating up the atmosphere leading to dramatic changes in global eco-systems. While there are natural factors at play, the human hand cannot be discounted and the report provides an update on a cut-off on greenhouse gas emissions to prevent irreversible climate change.The report, leaked by a known climate sceptic, is still in draft form and is to be finalized officially by October 2013. The draft can undergo moderation, but the science and evidence has been spelt out in some detail.The results of the report imply that the world cannot afford more infertile meetings like the recent one in Doha as there is an increasingly urgent need to set limits on cumulative GHG emissions and find a way to equitably share the finite carbon space. The Doha talks showed that countries continue to lack the economic appetite for imposing limits that involve large investments.The draft report says it is likely that hot spells will increase globally and the number of hot days will also go up over the next few decades.As these predictions are probabilistic in nature, scientists use the term \"virtually certain\" to imply a 99-100% probability of an event happening. Very likely refers to a 90-100% probability and likely 66-100% probability.This points to continued shrinking of glaciers, although there is less clarity on the rate of change. Again, the word 'confidence' is used to grade the degree of agreement and robustness of various published scientific data.The Greenland Ice Sheet has lost mass since the 1990s and the rate of loss has only increased. The Antarctic Ice Sheet is also losing mass at a high rate each year.The average decadal extent of Arctic sea ice has decreased in every season since satellite observations commenced in 1979 and its thickness and volume is in decline as well.Overall rainfall across the planet is also slated to rise and it is likely that the frequency and intensity of heavy precipitation events will increase, particularly at high latitudes.The IPCC draft report notes that if global temperatures are to be maintained at not more than 2\u00c2\u00b0C above pre-industrial levels by 2100, the annual greenhouse gas emissions should not exceed 8.5-12.6 pentagrams of carbon per year (PgC per year) by 2020, and 4.6-6.3 PgC per year by 2050.Median level emissions at 2010 stood at 13.1 PgC per year. The 2\u00c2\u00b0C temperature target requires cumulative carbon emissions in the atmosphere by 2100 to stay below 1000-1300 PgC of which about 545 PgC had already been accumulated by 2011.Times ViewThe fact of climate change was either denied or dismissed as exaggerated by some after the experts first brought it to public notice. Even after it was finally accepted as scientific fact, action by governments to deal with the situation has not reflected the recognition that this is an urgent need. This latest report only confirms what experts have been saying - the planet simply cannot afford to drag its feet on acting to arrest the global warming already underway. Governments across the globe must find the political will to rise above pandering to narrow domestic constituencies and think about the future of the human race and of life on Earth. Anything less would mean a disaster too horrific to contemplate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620492", "title": "Cash transfers can power Congress to victory in next two polls: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Heir apparent Rahul Gandhi on Friday said a successful 'direct cash transfer' can power Congress to victory in the next two elections.\"If we get this programme right, we will win the next two general elections,\" Rahul reportedly told a meeting of Congress chiefs of 51 districts where the cash transfer scheme is to be rolled out.The remark provided the bluntest evidence that Congress is banking on the scheme to change its political fortunes that have gone into a spiral. Congress estimates cash transfer will provide succour from routine woes over accessing benefits, and neutralize the negatives of UPA over two years.To hammer home the criticality of cash transfers in elections, Rahul said its successful implementation would \"win the party not just the 2014 polls, but also the one after it\".There is visible urgency in filling the gaps on the ground to help roll out the scheme. The PMO urged the ministries concerned to work on a \"war footing\" to digitize database of beneficiaries, provide them Aadhar numbers and bank accounts.Congress made a similar call to its cadre. \"Rahul asked partymen to be involved in constructive work like helping to link people to the system and securing Aadhar membership,\" Union minister Jairam Ramesh and AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi told reporters.The leadership's stress on the political dimension of welfarist intervention was not lost on district chiefs, state presidents of Congress and Youth Congress, who later told TOI \"it is our loan waiver for 2014\".As earlier reported by TOI, party biggies chose to call it 'direct benefits transfer', dropping the word 'cash' from the name which has led to criticism that Congress was buying votes.While banking on the magic of \"cash delivery\", Congress strategy is to use the scheme to counter the bugbear of corruption a la Anna Hazare . Rahul said Anna and others only spoke about corruption but Congress was offering solutions to combat the malaise.As if in sync with Congress hopes, leaders asked about the possibility of the opposition hijacking the scheme. When a Punjab leader said rival parties could take credit in states they rule, Rahul asked if he would let that happen in his district. Kerala Congress chief Ramesh Chennithala urged the Centre to monitor the banking correspondents, saying the strong bank unions were mostly affiliated to the Left.There were concerns too. A district chief from Rajasthan warned that the pilot project in Kot Kasim in Alwar had drawn strong criticism from people who complained they were getting costly kerosene and the delivery of cash was not good.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17619111", "title": "Bike theft accused ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A vehicle theft accused, nabbed earlier by the city police's crime branch, is suspected to have ended his life by throwing himself in front of a train at Darekasa in Gondia on Thursday. Mukesh Punde's mutilated body was found on the tracks a day after the court had granted him bail. The deceased was a student of science stream at a Dharampeth-based college.It is learnt that Punde, staying at Dharampeth police quarters, had been picked up for allegedly stealing a bike in his neighbourhood. Punde's cousins are posted as women constables with city police. There was a complaint of Punde's involvement in stealing a cop's bike. Police had recovered the stolen bike from Punde's friend, to whom Punde had given the bike to dispose off for Rs5,000, said a police source.Punde was picked up by the crime branch earlier this week. A crime branch source claimed Punde was involved in some illegal activities for which he frequently required money. Punde's neighbours at police headquarters had already filed several complaints against him.Punde was granted bail on Wednesday. His maternal uncle wanted Punde to go to Gondia along with him to stay there. Punde committed suicide the following morning. Darekasa police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17619566", "title": "Chief secretary asks officials to strengthen Udyog Bandhu: Usmani", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to create an industry friendly environment in the state, chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Friday directed officials to strengthen the state's Udyog Bandhu, saying it is imperative to address all grievances pertaining to industry in order to ensure that the state progresses. Usmani added that Udyog Bandhu committees will now also have a presence at the division and district level.He also ordered the reconstitution of the high level committee, which will be chaired by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and said industry representatives should be included in the committee for constructive feedback. Emphasising the need to cater to micro, small and medium industry in Uttar Pradesh, Usmani said the government must make every effort to ensure smooth facilitation. With the Infrastructure and Industrial Policy 2012 in place, the chief secretary also said Udyog Bandhu will now have an export promotion and information technology cell to assist industries in these sectors. On Friday, Usmani said the executive director of Udyog Bandhu will also be required to chair tripartite meetings between the government and the businesses in order to resolve any issues relating to setting up business units in the state. He also informed that all these efforts are being made to promote UP as a sought after investment destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17619621", "title": "Safety: Survey ranks Mumbai No. 33", "text": "MUMBAI: According to a 40-city survey by online travel portal TripAdvisor, people from Moscow are perceived as the least friendly. Mumbai's taxi drivers didn't do too well either, being ranked 37. Cabbies in Beijing and Moscow fared worse, at 39 and 40, respectively.In matters of safety, Mumbai finished No. 33, while Beijing scored 19th. The seven cities that fared worse than Mumbai on this parameter were Cape Town, Marrakech, Moscow, Buenos Aires, Sharm el Sheikh, Rio de Janeiro and Punta Cana in Dominican Republic , which scored the lowest at 40. Incidentally, Punta Cana is best known for its beaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17623407", "title": "Power utility revokes suspension of 3 engineers", "text": "AURANGABAD: The suspension of three engineers has been revoked by the power utility's administration. However, the Subordinate Engineers Association (SEA) will continue to agitate for their demands.The staff of Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company limited ( MAHTRANSCO) had resorted to 72 hours on-duty fast on Monday to demand for proper inquiry against the suspension of engineers. \"The protest has been put on hold for now as one of our main demands has been addressed by the senior officials,\" said Dinkar Shejule, deputy executive engineer.\"The next stage of the protest planned from Friday has been put on hold as the decision about withdrawal of suspension orders came on Thursday around 9pm,\" Sanjay Sarag, general secretary of the association. Senior officials have promised us to discuss the issues positively further in the next week, he added.Deputy engineers, Srinivas Tidke and Shankar Kharat and assistant engineer, Nitin Dhavle were suspended on account of misconduct on duty on November 20. Confirming about the revoking orders of the three engineers, Rohidas Mhaske, chief engineer of Aurangabad division at MAHATRANSCO said, \"The suspension has been withdrawn and the matter will be further addressed according to the departmental process and investigation will be carried out.\" The engineers have earlier resorted to protest by wearing black badges on work on November 29, turning a deaf ear towards executive engineers, superintending engineers and chief engineer from December 10 to December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618862", "title": "Half-burnt body of missing woman found along NH7", "text": "NAGPUR: Kanhan police are investigating how the body of a woman in her late 40s was found in a burnt condition along National Highway 7 near Waghuli Phata on Thursday morning. The woman, identified as Meena Barwe, had left home earlier this week without informing anyone.Meena, whose body was semi-naked, had been mentally disturbed after sustaining injuries on the head in a freak mishap at her Gandhibagh residence. A missing complaint was lodged at Kotwali police station on Wednesday. Family members were searching for her when the body was discovered. Police said Meena had nearly 65% burn injuries on her. The remains of her burnt clothes were found nearby.Though no marks of strangulation or any other injuries were apparent on the body, police are not ruling out foul play. The cops are investigating the matter from all angles.Ashok Bagul, senior inspector of Kanhan police station, said that though murder is also being probed, suicide seems to be the more likely cause of death. \"The woman had already expressed dejection with her life to close family members. But we are trying to probe how she reached the place where her body was found,\" he said.Bagul also said that the woman's body was found not far from her father's place at Ramtek. Police said Meena did not use a mobile phone. They are trying to find out where Meena spent a day after she left home, and whether anyone had seen her at Waghuli Phata village.Meena's body could not be identified for some time after it was discovered. Sources said Meena's younger sister Anita used to stay at Waghuli Phata, and had recently shifted to Kanhan. Anita's former landlord, who had come to see the body after the news of the discovery reached the village, helped police identify the deceased.Police said there was an empty liquor bottle near the body. The cops believe the bottle was used to bring kerosene. Cops are surprised how no one spotted the body burning despite the spot being close to the highway and the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17620439", "title": "Aroma of Tumkur tatte idlis wafts through Belgaum alleys", "text": "BELGAUM: Tatte idli, a delicacy that is said to have originated in Tumkur, is known for its softness and lightness. No wonder Tumkur tatte idlis sold by TS Shanta Kumar and Latha couple in Belgaum have hundreds of takers every day. The item is so popular that when Belgaum hosted the legislature session at the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha, sale of idlis at the couple's new branch in front of the DC office multiplied. Among those lined up for the steaming variety of idlis were law minister Suresh Kumar and several MLAs.It was seven years ago that Shanta Kumar and his wife Latha started selling tatte idli in a small push cart near KMF of Mahanteshnagar. To begin with, about 60 to 70 idlis were sold every day. However, business picked up gradually and they started an eatery in Nehru Nagar. When popularity and demand increased further, they later opened a restaurant in the city bus stand. Now they have started a new branch in front the DC office. In all, nearly 1,000 idlis are sold every day at these three places.The soft tatte idlis, which are three times bigger in size than the regular idlis, also attract people from neighbouring Goa and Kolhapur, said Shanta Kumar. The light idlis are served with a tasty coconut chutney. These idlis are in plates, unlike the conventional idlis which are made in traditional idli stands.Those who know the fame of Tumkur tatte idlis, never miss an opportunity to savour them when they visit Belgaum. District in-charge minister Umesh Katti and MP Ramesh Katti are also very fond of our tatte idlis, said a beaming Shanta Kumar.In his own way of giving back to the society, Shanta Kumar serves free tatte idlis to children at some of blind schools and orphanages in Belgaum. \"Tumkur tatte idlis are tasty and are prepared under hygienic conditions. If you eat one tatte idli, it is equivalent to eating two to three normal idlis,\" said Nabi S Doddmani, a social worker and national-level bodybuilder, who is a permanent customer at the eatery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17620576", "title": "Body of medical student found", "text": "MANGALORE: The body of a final year MBBS student of Yenepoya Medical College was found in a decomposed state at a flat in Kadri in the city. The student has been identified as Mohammed Hamdan Rashid, 29, from Hazratganj of Lucknow.Saif, a social worker, told TOI that Mohammed had not attended classes since last Friday.\"According to the autopsy report Mohammed might have died of lung failure caused by severe asthma attack. The body was in a highly decomposed state and it is suspected that he may have died about five days ago,\" he said.At the time of his death, Mohammed was alone in his apartment as his younger sister had returned to Lucknow, following the death of their sister recently. \"The family has been going through bad times. In the past two years, Mohammed lost his parents and a sister,\" Saif said.The autopsy was conducted at the Government Wenlock Hospital and the body was taken to Zeenath Baksh Masjid for burial on Wednesday in the presence of his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620065", "title": "Jerrit John's bail plea to be heard next Wednesday", "text": "MUMBAI: A Sewri sessions court on Friday adjourned the bail hearing of film professional Jerrit John, arrested on charges of attempting to murder his ex-girlfriend.The application filed before the court on December 7 will now be heard on December 19 by sessions judge A N Choure . John (35) is lodged in Arthur Road jail, where he has been remanded to judicial custody.On November 7, the accused allegedly hurled a chemical on his 26-year-old ex-girlfriend, physiotherapist Aryanka Hosbetkar, at her Worli residence. John is also facing the charges of wrongful confinement and theft. He was arrested in Nalasopara on November 10. The police said that John planned the attack after Hosbetkar refused to marry although he was ready to divorce his wife. He has a five-year-old son.In the bail application, John said that he and Hosbetkar were in love and in a relationship. He also said that she was aware that he was married and despite that she continued with the relationship. The application stated that even as John was willing to file for divorce, Hosbetkar ditched him. He alleged that since it was difficult for Hosbetkar to say 'no' to him and she wanted to get out of the relationship, she had falsely implicated him. John also said that there was no case made under Section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code as he had no intention to kill her. The allegations made against him were false, imaginary, concocted, unnatural and improbable, he said. John alleged that Hosbetkar had only suffered \"minor\" injuries.The application states that Hosbetkar was also managing his financial affairs and a huge fund was credited to her. The Navi Mumbai resident alleged that the money she collected as his business partner was not given to him. He said that the production of several big Bollywood films in which he was involved was delayed due to his arrest and this had caused huge losses to the producers.John further prayed that he should be released on bail as he had been arrested a month ago and investigations must have been completed by now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621639", "title": "Teacher hiring: State may appeal against order", "text": "KOLKATA: Sensing the fallout that the interim stay would have on the 55 lakh applicants, the Mamata Banerjee government is likely to move the division bench against the single-judge bench order staying the primary teacher recruitment process.School education officials on Friday called on state advocate general Anindya Mitra to bail the government out of the impasse. They made it clear to the advocate general that the government has no intention to deprive the trained applicants, but all the candidates have to clear the screening test - Teacher Eligibility Test (TET).Sources in the education department hinted that the government is also ready to submit it in writing to the court about its preference to trained applications, which is why a 20 marks weightage has been allotted to trained applicants.Some in the education department have also mooted a proposal to hold interviews separately for the trained and the untrained category. However, the proposal is being examined by the state advocate general because that arrangement leaves room for interpretation whether the proposal for holding dual interviews would actually take away the advantage of the mark weightage that trained applicants are entitled to.The rethink began a day after the high court on Thursday imposed an interim stay on the recruitment process based on a petition from Arnab Bhowmik of Howrah and Shyamal Maity from East Midnapore - both trained candidates - pleading that the trained candidates were not receiving any special treatment in the true sense.Their complaint was based on the National Council for Teacher Education's (NCTE) guideline making teacher's training mandatory for the job of a primary teacher. NCTE counsel Asha Ghutghutia had also submitted to the court that the council does not permit the appointment of untrained people as primary teachers. Even if the Centre had granted permission \"in its own wisdom\", the state should have adhered to the condition and appointed trained teachers first and left the remaining vacancies to untrained people, the NCTE counsel submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17621273", "title": "Chain snatching incidents rise 40% in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: After a brief lull, there has been a spike in incidents of chain snatching in the city and suburbs. Over a dozen chain snatching incidents have been reported in the last four months.The last such crime happened in Tripunithura on Monday, when a gang fled with two gold chains of six sovereigns.City deputy commissioner of police T Gopalakrsihna Pillai said they were aware of the gravity of the situation and claimed that the police have been put on alert. \"We have taken a person from Thiruvananthapuram into custody recently. He is believed to be the leader of the gang behind such incidents in the city,\" the DCP added.Police said maximum number of incidents in 2011 was reported from residential areas in Palarivattom, Hill Palace and Kalamassery. Chain snatching incidents have increased by 40% in 2011 compared with 2010. Over the last three years, a total of 115 chain snatching cases have been reported in the city.While the number of cases reported in 2009 was 37, it stood at 29 in 2010 and 49 in 2011. The west Kochi area, which includes Fort Kochi, Harbour, Mattancherry and Kannamaly, reported the least number of snatching cases during this period.Of late, chain snatchers come in various guises - from pretending to be Sabarimala pilgrims to marketing executives. The gangs also enlist women and girl operatives to identify prospective targets and help them flee with the booty.\"Women members call their male counterparts who will be waiting on two-wheelers. They track the victims and snatch their valuables,\" said a senior police officer. Activities of women members working in such gangswere unearthed after a police team led by Thrikakkara sub-inspector Abdul Sathar nabbed two women from Kakkanad. \"The gangs have members waiting at various locales and pass the booty like in a relay race,\" said the inspector.Lanes and roads close to temples are favourite spots for these criminal gangs, who target women going or returning from temples alone in the morning. Many temple committees have put up warning boards in front of temples.\"Devotees have responded positively to the warning and avoid wearing heavy gold chains while coming to the temple,\" said Thamaramkulangara Ayyappa Seva Samithi joint secetary S Hari.Police in coordination with residents' associations have also launched awareness campaigns to sensitize people about these gangs.Snatch Stats* Over a dozen chain snatching incidents have been reported in the last four months* Maximum number of chain snatching incidents in 2011 was reported from residential areas in Palarivattom, Hill Palace and Kalamassery* Chain snatching incidents have increased by 40% in 2011* Over the last three years, a total of 115 chain snatching cases have been reported in the city* West Kochi area, which includes Fort Kochi, Harbour, Mattancherry and Kannamaly, reported the least number of snatching casesKochi/Tripunithura:Chain snatchers are back in business and over a dozen of chain snatching incidents has been reported in the city in the last four months.City police which finds it difficult to contain the menace and have requested the public to avoid wearing \"eye-catching\" gold chains to keep snatchers at bay.City Deputy Commissioner of Police T Gopalakrsihna Pillai said that they know the gravity of the situation and have put the police force in alert to nab the accused. \"We have taken a person from Thiruvananthapuram in to custody. He is believed to be the main person behind the chain snatching incidents in the city,\" the DCP added.Of late, snatchers have started donning various avatars, from Sabarimala pilgrims to marketing executives on two wheelers. Above all, new specialised gangs have started operating in the city which has women and girls as its members to help their male counterparts identify prospective targets and help them to flee with the booty.\"Women members of the gang spot the targets and provide details about the victim over mobile phone to their male counterparts who are waiting on their two-wheeler at a few distances away. Once the details are passed on, the bikers launch their mission to snatch the chain,\" said a senior police officer.Activities of women members of chain snatching gangs were unearthed after a police team led by Thrikakkara sub inspector Abdul Sathar nabbed two women from Kakkanad.\"Modus operandi of the chain snatchers has changed in the recent past. They have members waiting at various locales to change hands the booty,\" said the inspector.It was on Monday night that a gang of snatchers targeted a busy residential lane near Excise Minister K Babu's house at Tripunithura and made away with two gold chains weighing six sovereigns.Police in coordination with the residence associations have launched awareness campaigns to sensitise people about the avatars and modus operandi of the gangs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17620667", "title": "Mysore city police vie for honours at sports meet", "text": "MYSORE: The city police battled it out with each other at the annual sports meet that began here on Friday. Their lathis were replaced with javelins, while the heavy rifles with shot-puts, at the Police Parade grounds, the venue of the meet.The cops were in a sportive mood on the first day of the two-day Annual Sports Meet -2012 organized by Mysore City Police. Speaking at the inaugural, ace tennis player Poojashree V said society cannot feel safe without police. \"Sports activities play a vital role in keeping policemen fit and healthy,\" she added.Appreciating their role, the player said: \"Cops work day and night - be it rain or shine - and under polluted conditions. During festivals, especially Dasara, they even sacrifice their holidays. But we blame them for trivial reasons, instead of appreciating their dedication.\"Police personnel need to be physically fit to be active, alert and discharge their duties, she said, adding that sports plays a vital role in this regard. Further, she advised police to develop sportsmanship and competitiveness even while carrying out their duties.City police commissioner K L Sudheer said various sporting events have been lined up for both men and women at the event.The event will see police personnel taking part in race, tennis ball throw, discus throw, passing the ball, shot-put, lemon-spoon race, tug-of-war, table tennis, shuttle badminton , long jump, javelin throw, etc. The participants will compete in 17 teams, the commissioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620130", "title": "MoD moves HC over Adarsh plot", "text": "MUMBAI: The defence ministry (MoD) moved the Bombay high court on Friday with a fresh suit to claim its right and title over the plot on which the controversial 31-storeyed Adarsh cooperative housing society building now stands unoccupied in south Mumbai.The ministry filed a title suit in the high court stating that the land in Colaba belongs to it and has claimed its possession. The ministry said the building had come up \"illegally and unlawfully\". It claimed to be the sole owner of the land, which was transferred to Adarsh housing society by \"fraud, collusion and connivance on the part of the society members, ministers and bureaucrats of the state government\".The ministry filed the suit alleging that the residential building allotted flats to political bigwigs, top retired bureaucrats and their families apart from retired top brass of the army and navy.The state government however claimed that the land is not defence land and a two-member judicial panel set up to inquire into its title had, this April, held that the land belongs to the state government. The committee had also held that the land was not reserved for Kargil war widows.Soon after the commission's report, the MoD issued notices to the state and Adarsh staking its claim over the title of the land. It had, in its notice, asked the government to hand over the plot else it would file a civil suit in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620224", "title": "12.8L apply for JEE, 1.7L choose comp-based test", "text": "MUMBAI: In the first year of India's big step towards the 'one nation, one exam' system, 12.8 lakh students have applied to take the Joint Entrance Exam (Main), which will be conducted in April 2013. A combination of scores from this exam and the Class XII marks will determine admission to engineering colleges. After that, the top 1.5 lakh candidates will be eligible to take the JEE (Advanced) to join the Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs).The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is conducting the JEE (Main) in two modes-paper-pen and computer-based tests. The CBSE has received a total of 12.82 lakh applications from across India, of which 11.65 lakh were submitted with the testing fee. Of these, a mere 1.74 lakh applications were received for taking the JEE (Main) on computer; 1.53 lakh of these forms were accompanied by the testing fee.The registration window to take the JEE (Main) closes on Saturday (December 15). CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi told TOI, \"The syllabus has not changed, so the JEE (Main) will be similar to the AIEEE (All India Engineering Entrance Exam) in terms of difficulty.\"Apart from the IITs, National Institutes of Technology, the Delhi Technological University and other centrally funded technical institutes (CFTIs), all colleges in Gujarat and Nagaland-the only two states to join the JEE (Main) this year -will screen students based on their marks in the JEE (Main). Only 1.5 lakh of the top rankers in the JEE (Main) will be eligible to appear in the JEE (Advanced) 2013.By next year, most other states are likely to be a part of the JEE (Main) club. In the college education sector, engineering's share has been growing -- close to three of every 10 high school graduates aspire to be an engineer. Over time, engineering has come to become a popular base degree, the first collegiate course that most students are opting for, following which many go on to do a higher programme.S S Mantha, chairman of the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), said engineering as the first degree has gained popularity because it increases the employability potential of a graduate. \"Any aspiring parent or student weighs a programme against the ability to get a job immediately after graduation. With an engineering degree, a student has a higher job potential,\" he added.Former IIT-Madras director P V Indiresan said India does not need so many engineers and the higher education sector needs a correction. \"India is producing more than 10 times the number of engineers it needs. I don't know what kind of jobs these students will get after they pass out.\"India is home to 24 engineering entrance exams; most students take multiple exams. Of them, the AIEEE was taken by the largest pool of candidates-11.87 lakh-last year, followed by IIT-JEE, which was taken by 5.6 lakh aspirants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17621567", "title": "5 held for theft bid at ATM", "text": "JAIPUR: City police on Friday arrested a gang of five robbers headed by a student of polytechnic college for attempting to loot the SBBJ ATM in the Bindayaka industrial area using explosives.The robbery bid took place on December 8.Police commissioner B L Soni said, \"The gang was headed by one Rajkumar Varma, who is a student of polytechnic college in Bhankrota. Another member Satish Chand Meena is a taxi driver. Meena had informed other members of the gang about this ATM.\"Officials claimed that during the investigation, one of the accused was identified through the CCTV camera which helped in cracking the case.According to the officials, at the time of the loot no guard was present on the spot. The police, therefore, are also interrogating the security agency. nd looking at solving more cases of ATM thefts that have occurred in the recent past.These robbers used explosives to blast the ATM. Though the machine was partially damaged, its safe remained intact.The incident took place during early hours of December 8 when the robbers barged into the ATM of the SBBJ. They pasted a tape on the camera of the ATM booth and later planted some explosives to blast it. It was done to decamp with the cash case after the blast, said a senior officer of Murlipura police station.After realizing that the safe remained intact even after the blast, the robbers fled in a car. In recent cases of ATM thefts, robbers have used various techniques, including towing away an ATM from New Sanganer Road locality and later using iron cutters to damage the machine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17621004", "title": "Rs 1.5L heist in W Singhbhum BoI branch", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In a daylight robbery, three motorcycle-borne masked criminals looted more than Rs 1.50 lakh at gunpoint from Bank of India's Otar branch at Keraikela in the Maoist-hit West Sighbhum district on Friday.Three armed men raided the bank around 12.30pm and fired in the air to scare the handful of bank employees. The criminals also injured bank manager Debashish Ghosh with the pistol butt while fleeing the spot. Police, however, claimed they had found some clues and would crack the case soon. \"We have alerted all police stations and raids are on to nab the criminals,\" said Subdivisional police pfficer, Porahat, S K Jha. The criminals are suspected to have fled into the dense Saranda forest through Sonuwa road.The Otar branch of the BOI, located in the interior area of the Bandgaon block, has witnessed two robbery incidents in the past few years. tnnIn August 2008, about Rs 2.50 lakh was robbed of from the bank and in September 2011 the thieves lifted computer accessories from the bank.The bank manager, who has suffered injuries on his head, has been admitted to the nearby hospital for medical treatment. His condition is said to be stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620695", "title": "Class 12 marks to decide med entry, no entrance exam", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has confirmed that admission to MBBS and BDS courses this year will be based on the Class 12 board exam marks through single window counselling.Senior health department officials said the government was firm that it will not agree to the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) while considering admission to undergraduate medical courses. \"Even if NEET is made mandatory, there are clauses in the rules that allow us to give it a complete go-by,\" an official said. The announcement comes just in time for Class 12 students. With about two weeks left for submitting filled-in applications for NEET, students were worried about the lack of clarity.\"We asked students to apply for the test anyway just to be safe,\" said Paavai Group of Schools director C Satish. Schools said that taking NEET will be a disadvantage for state board school students now as it is based on the CBSE syllabus.\"Until we have a national curriculum for science and mathematics, which is being planned, it's not a welcome move, anyway,\" Satish added. The state abolished a common entrance test for professional undergraduate courses through the Tamil Nadu Admissions in Professional Educational Institutions Act 2006 after it was felt students would be stressed after writing their Class 12 examination and following it up with a CET.The government also felt rural students got a raw deal as most coaching and training centres were in cities. \"Since abolishing the Act, we have given rural students a chance to study professional courses.\" Higher educational institutions offering UG medical courses will, however, continue to fill up 15% of seats through NEET. For PG courses, the state has notified January 27, 2013, as the entrance test date. Directorate of medical education officials said the results of the test will determine admission to 50% of the PG seats in medical colleges under the state quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17620340", "title": "Temperatures may dip in coming days", "text": "INDORE: It is December 15 and areas in and around Indore are usually colder than they are around this year. The Met department's data supports this fact but also expects the temperatures to dip in the coming days ahead.\"This year the northerly winds and the westerly winds from Rajasthan haven't reached this region yet. Whatever dip in the temperature we have experienced here is due to the effect of the winds from Bay of Bengal , eastern and southern winds. The winds from north and west haven't been able to penetrate to the central region, hence no drastic change in the weather so far. But we expect the mercury to fall a couple of degrees after December 15 as the western disturbances have caused snow fall in the extreme northern regions of the country,\" said Met department officialsAccording to the Met department's data weather was slightly frosty during this time around last year. The minimum recorded temperature on December 15 2011 was 10.6 C while this year the recorded temperature for the same date is predicted to be around 11.0 C. The maximum temperature too varied on the same lines when compared to last year's recorded maximum temperature of 26.4. While the predicted temperature on this year is around 27.2.Though the Met officials expect cooler days ahead. \"We will be observing a dip in the mercury in coming days, and it may as well go foggy if there is a significant fall in the temperature.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618786", "title": "Government cornered over missing ministers", "text": "NAGPUR: The treasury benches in State Assembly on Friday had to endure embarrassment when Speaker Dilip Walse Patil adjourned the lower house as opposition benches created noisy scenes over absence of minister concerned during question hour.It was the first day in this week that question hour could be taken up and opposition members were clearly in no mood to relent. When Shiv Sena group leader Subhash Desai and others took up the matter of losses to crop due to drought, they were expecting a satisfactory response from rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam or from his deputy Prakash Solankhi. But neither of them was present in the house.Leader of the Opposition Eknath Khadse was on his feet demanding immediate adjournment of the House and slammed the treasury benches for neglecting the most important issue of crop losses even as drought -like situation was looming over parts of the state. Girish Mahajan and others moved into the well of the house and denounced the government for giving casual replies. They also demanded an apology from the government.Senior leaders Chhagan Bhujbal , R R Patil and others present in the house looked helpless. Speaker adjourned the house for 10 minutes. When the House reassembled, Solankhi was present and tried to give a reply. By that time the opposition mounted pressure prompting Speaker to withhold the question. Senior minister Patangrao Kadam walked into the House at that moment and was jeered by the opposition.Kadam told the House that the question was actually directed at agriculture ministry and he had forwarded it to them three days ago, he also explained his absence saying that he was in the upper house. This, however, did not satisfy the opposition members who persisted with their demand for an apology from the treasury benches. Home Minister R R Patil tried to intervene but opposition did not allow him. Then, he apologized on behalf of the ruling combine.Speaker at this juncture said he would soon convene a meeting of secretaries of agriculture and rehabilitation departments along with the chief secretary to ensure that the transfer of question was done properly and not just by forwarding it. In the melee, about 20 minutes of question hour were lost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619406", "title": "Railway terminals at Hadapsar, Shivajinagar on the cards", "text": "PUNE: A proposal for developing new railway terminals at Shivajinagar and Hadapsar to reduce the burden of operations at Pune station is being explored, central railway general manager Subodh Jain said on Friday.The Pune division has already prepared a detailed presentation, considering various aspects of the proposal, which will be taken up for further study, Jain said. The plan envisages terminating some express and passenger trains at the new terminals.Also, the railway administration was in talks with the Pune Municipal Corporation about an expansion plan for Shivajinagar station. This plan includes developing an elevated track for local trains.Jain was speaking with media persons after conducting the annual inspection at Pune station. During his visit, he inaugurated the Pune-Daund electrification work at Loni station and a new pit line at Ghorpadi yard.Jain said, \"The train traffic at Pune station has reached a critical level. Though we have expanded platform number six, it is not going to resolve our requirements. Since very little space is available here for further expansion, we are exploring options to decentralize the traffic. One suggestion was to decentralize departure and arrival of trains by developing smaller terminals at Shivajinagar and Hadapsar. Trains originating from Pune, especially the new ones, could be shifted to the new terminals.\"Jain, however, said that the proposal was at the preliminary level. We will take a decision after scrutinizing the proposal, he added.Jain said that a special plan was being prepared to help maintain cleanliness and hygiene at railway stations. Seven important stations - Pune, Kalyan, CST, Dadar, Nagpur, LTT and Nashik - have been identified for implementation of this plan. The divisional managers at these stations have been asked to take timely review and maintain an inspection manual.The work on the proposed foot-over-bridge at Pune station has been delayed owing to non-availability of funds, Jain said that. The money would be made available in the coming budget, he added. Jain also said that there was plan to procure 46 more CCTV surveillance cameras for Pune station by March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17623417", "title": "July 30 power grid failure explained", "text": "VARANASI: The 17th National Power Systems Conference (NPSC-2012) organised at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Banaras Hindu University (BHU) concluded on Friday.The concluding day of the event witnessed programmes like a panel discussion on 'recent grid collapse in India' and technical paper presentation. Prof M Ramamoorty coordinated the panel discussion while Prof SC Srivastava, who was one of the inquiry committee members, gave a brief account of the events leading to blackout on July 30. He said one of the major reasons responsible for the event was the tripping of Beena-Gwalior 400 KV line which tripped because of over loading.Most of the lines between Northern Regional grid and Western Regional grid were out under scheduled maintenance. After the Beena-Gwalior line tripped, other lines connecting NR-WR tripped due to overload, and as a result, the NR and WR inter-connection was lost. After the separation of NR and WR, the grid frequency in WR rose more than 51Hz. Whereas in NR, power deficit went below 48 Hz. Those who contributed to the discussion included Prof KD Srivastava, Prof AM Kulkarni, Prof OP Malik, Prof Anjan Bose and Prof NDR Sharma.In technical paper presentation, around 45 technical papers in 9 sessions were presented. These were related to power electronics, power distribution, power systems analysis, power systems protections, energy management systems and power market areas. In the valedictory function, feedback of participants, expert speakers, invited speakers, and keynote speakers was taken. Best paper award was given to Ms Lakshmi S of IISc, Bangalore and the best poster award was given to Kunal A Salunkhe of IIT Bombay. A special award was given to Mr Harish Balaga, research scholar of Department of Electrical Engineering, IIT (BHU) Varanasi for designing and maintaining website of the National Power Systems Conference-2012.PVVNL observes Energy Conservation Day: Purvanchal Vidyut Vitran Nigam Limited (PVVNL) organised a seminar to discuss energy wastage on the occasion of National Energy Conservation Day on Friday. PVVNL employees apart from engineers, traders and common consumers participated in the seminar and discussed methods of saving energy. Director (Technical), PVVNL, ML Sharma announced that PVVNL will organise similar discussions on judicious use of energy every three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620194", "title": "SC notice to Centre on petition to raise Captain Kalia issue in International Court of Justice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday said the doors were still open for the Union government to move the International Court of Justice (ICJ) on the gross human rights violations by Pakistani soldiers in torturing Captain Saurav Kalia of Indian Army before killing him and handing back his mutilated body. Saurav had first detected enemy incursions in Kargil in 1999.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and A R Dave issued notice to the ministries of external affairs and home on Saurav's father Dr N K Kalia's petition, which narrated how the parents never saw their son in uniform as he was killed in a brutal manner even before he received his first pay in the Army and his body dishonoured in brazen disregard of war rules and human rights norms.Justices Lodha and Dave said as citizens of India, they shared the anger and anguish of the father and felt the pain but wondered whether the Supreme Court could have jurisdiction under the Constitution to issue a mandate to the Union government to move the ICJ against Pakistan's alleged war crime.It recalled that on May 2, it had stayed a Gujarat High Court order directing the Union government to move the ICJ on Pakistan illegally detaining 54 Indian Army men in breach of the Shimla agreement signed by prime ministers Indira Gandhi and Zulfiqar Bhutto after the 1971 war for exchange of all prisoners of war.While giving 10 weeks time to the central ministries to respond to Dr Kalia's petition, the bench ordered it to be tagged with the Union government's appeal against the Gujarat HC's direction.Appearing for Dr Kalia, counsel Arvind Sharma said for 13 years, the petitioner had been moving the authorities in the ministry of defence, Prime Minister's Office and home ministry for addressing the issues arising from the brutal murder of his son, who detected the presence of Pakistani soldiers on Indian soil while leading a patrol party in Kaksar sector in Kargil in May 1999. \"Why is the government not raising the issue in international forums on its own,\" he asked.\"Still the door is open for the government of India to go to International Court of Justice. But we are not here to advise the Union of India. Let them file a reply on what steps they have taken so far. If the government does it on its own (going to ICJ) it is welcome, but we have to find out whether we can pass an order directing the government to do so,\" the bench said.Dr Kalia said, \"Saurav, along with five other Indian soldiers of the patrol party, were captured by Pakistani army on May 15, 1999 and held as prisoners for 22 days during which they were brutally tortured. The bodies were handed over to India by Pakistani army on June 9, 1999. But, the Pakistani army could not get any secret from them, which reflected their patriotism, grit, determination, tenacity and valour.\"He complained that the government has not made any serious attempt to bring those guilty of war atrocities to book.\"Except once when the then Pakistani foreign minister Sartaz Ali had visited India in June 1999 and later at the UN Commission on Human Rights in April 2000, the foreign ministry reportedly did not raise this issue with Pakistan bilaterally or at world body subsequently,\" Dr Kalia said.The court gave a patient hearing during which its dilemma in acting on Dr Kalia's request poured out. \"We fully share your agony. But can the Supreme Court direct the government of India to take up the matter in ICJ? The court can pass an order only if it is within the four corners of Constitution. We cannot pass orders when we are not sure of our jurisdiction. It is an important issue. But that hurdle has to be crossed before we can pass any order,\" it said.It tagged Dr Kalia's petition with the Centre's appeal against Gujarat HC's directive to the government to approach ICJ on a petition filed by 1971 war hero Lt Gen Jagjitsingh Aurora. The HC had directed the Union of India to approach the ICJ for the release of 54 prisoners of war languishing in Pakistani jails while observing that it was in breach of the Shimla agreement. The HC had also asked the Centre to pay the kin of the 54 POWs full salary and retirement benefits within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17618553", "title": "Air India register easy victory", "text": "MUMBAI: Gandhar Bhatiwdekar slammed 91 as Air India SC beat Mumbai Division Sports Association by six wickets, in a first round tie of the Times Shield 'C' Division match, which concluded on Thursday.Brief Scores:Mumbai Division Sports Association 199 (K Chaudhari 77 n.o., V Deshpande 45, A Gupta 31, J Feroz 5-45) lost to Air India SC 202-4 (G Bhatiwdekar 91, S Kawle 61) by six wickets.Bhavishya Nidhi 209 (P Mahajan 52, D Kadam 101, R Patil 3-49, M Swami 3-21, S Chavan 3-52) lost to Chowgule Sports Club 213-4(D Patil 95, A Rajadyaksha 43) by 6Wkts.Accountant General &amp; LR Club 385-4(J Dongaonkar 91, Nikhil P 68, L D'Costa 102 n.o., A Naydu 69, P Sahu 32) beat IDBI Bank 167 (D N 106, Pradeep Sahu 5-65, B Patel 3-28) by 152 runs.Serco Global Services 211(Arif Sunsara 43, Rahul Sawant 47, Rakesh Thakur 3-23) beat Naval Dock Yard Cricket Club 130 (M Matkar 37, M Salvi 35, R Sawant 5-27, Rakesh Naik 3-53) by 81 runs.BMC Kreeda Bhavan 318-9 (A Gawde 113, T Garkal 61, R Naik 45, K Davane 30 no, V Ganachari 6-113) beat RBI Sports Club 214 (V Ghanachari 88, R More 35, Y Bhosale 32, S Paralkar 3-42) by 104 runs.Union Bank of India 162 (A Yadav 43, S Kotre 55, R Gharat 4-34) lost to Tata Steel Ltd 165-1(S Bhoir 67 n.o., K Mehar 65) by 9 wkts.Dena Bank Sports Club 269 (Laukik Ramane 48, Gaurav Suryavanshi 48, Vaibhav Javkar 66, V Parmar 5-85, Salil Babardesai 3-100) lost to Mafatlal Cricket Club 270-6 ( U Shah 123 n.o., V Parmar 30, S Babardesai 37n.o., P Sawant 3-89) by 4 Wkts.Dr Balabhai Nanavati Hospital 252 (Ajinkya P 31, Kunal G 41, Vinayak T 37, Vinay M. 43, M Darekar 4-68) beat The New India Assurance co. Ltd 180 ( D Matkar 28 ) by 72 runs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620222", "title": "Bank cashier starts fire, steals Rs 60L, arrested", "text": "MUMBAI: The Worli police on Friday arrested a bank cashier for allegedly siphoning off Rs 59.84 lakh after creating a scene of fire at the Worli branch of Indian Overseas Bank . He stole the money in the panic that ensued after the fire.Accused Mahadev Patil (57) said he committed the offence on Thursday to clear the debts he owed to several people. Police said they suspect the involvement of some more bank officials as Patil could not have taken the money out of the bank without getting noticed.Additional CP (Central region) Praveen Salunke said the accused stole the money within two days after he got the money in the bank's locker. The money was put there after Patil intimated the bank manager that a media house, which had an account with them, wanted to withdraw the huge sum.\"Patil was arrested after an investigation to find the source of the fire. A visit to the site revealed that the fire was man-made and not due to short-circuit,\" said Salunke.The police also came to know that Patil had been planning the offence for the last few days before he could execute the plan on Thursday. In the evening, the bank manager lodged a complaint with the Worli police, stating that a huge sum of money had gone missing from the bank. The bank manager, in the complaint, said, \"I found discrepancies while tallying the day's transaction. The theft has taken place after two instances of fire were reported on the premises till 12 noon on Thursday.\"\"We inspected the spot where the fire broke out and realised that someone had used kerosene and lit it. We are also going through the CCTV footage,\" said Worli police inspector Sudhir Mahadik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621517", "title": "Minister says calls routine", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi urban development minister Arvinder Singh dismissed the calls between him and Ponty as \"routine\" ones. Alleging that the BJP was trying to \"politicise\" the issue , the minister told TOI that the Chadha family was close to his family from the time of his grandfather and there was nothing unusual about the calls made to him by them.\"I know the entire Chadha family through Hardeep Singh's father-inlaw , Paramjit Singh Sarna, who is the Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee president,\" the minister asserted.\"So many people call us - we are politicians. In this case, he was known to me. So, what is wrong if he called me many times. Also , it's not always that I pick up the phone. All these calls may not have been conversations but are simply logs,\" Singh said.Power minister Haroon Yusuf said he knew Hardeep for the past one-andhalf years but rejected allegations of having business links with the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17621501", "title": "Boy kills self, kin accuses school pressure", "text": "JAIPUR: Alleged exam pressure took its toll on 16-year-old Kamal, who committed suicide by hanging from a ceiling fan on Friday morning. Kamal was a student of Class X of a private school and a resident of Mahesh Nagar.The deceased's relatives, however, has lodged an FIR against his class teachers and school administration of harassing him for tuition which apparently forced him to take this extreme step.Till last night, Kamal was preparing for board exams and was couped up in his room. The incident came to light when Kamal's father Jagdish Chand Sharma knocked on kamal's door for breakfast. His father got curious and peeped into the room and was shocked to find Kamal hanging from the ceiling fan.\"When I got no response for 10 minutes, I managed to open a window and found my son hanging,\" Jagdish told the cpos, who demanded arrest of the accused mentioned in the FIR. Police was called and they took the body to the morgue for post mortem.\"Kamal had several times told me that his teachers were forcing him for tuitions but I never complaint fearing that his practical marks would be affected if I narrated his fear to the authorities. He was not going to school for the past few days,\" Jagdish told police.Preliminary investigation mentioned Kamal as an average student and had scored poorly in the half-yearly exams. \"We have seized his books and notebooks but are yet to find any suicide note,\" said Trunkant Somani of Mahesh Nagar Police Station who is investigating the matter. He told TOI that police is looking into complaint made by the family and will interrogate school teachers and directors.Refuting the allegations, Anil Kumar Sharma, director of the school said the deceased was weak in studies and was not coming to school for many days. \"Kamal and his parents were summoned for his weak response and staying away from school,\" said Sharma.Times ViewSlightest provocation at times can spark a huge crisis, specially in the minds of teenagers. Young minds are highly charged up and can get easily carried away to take extreme steps. Parents, peer and elders have to play a major role in curbing such emotional outbursts. In Kamal's case, his parents were aware of his \"torment\" but did not react fearing that his teachers' wrath would take a toll on his practical exams. Similarly, while Harishta was being rejected several times, her mother could have counselled her and asked her to concentrate on a career as she was a graduate. But, unfortunately our social pattern forces parents not to rethink the other way but force their children to tread the dreadful path.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620659", "title": "Transgenders in new flap at Sabarimala", "text": "CHENNAI: Women have always been barred from Ayyappan Temple at Sabarimala in Kerala, but the temple board is now facing the issue of whether or not to allow transgenders.A number of transgender devotees from Chennai say they have visited the temple, though dressed as men. \"I have been going to Sabarimala for the past five years. I wear a sari in Tamil Nadu. At the border, I change into a shirt and a dhoti. Last year, many transgenders in women's attire were stopped at Erumeli. Though we explained that we don't have menopause issues, the temple authorities and police stopped us. Since I was in a dhoti, I was allowed through and had darshan,\" said R Sadha, a transgender from Chennai.Temple officials say they haven't had to deal with transgenders visiting Sabarimala before. \"The issue is new to us. We will stop them if they are in women's clothes. The temple bars women between the ages of 10 and 50. We will not allow them beyond Pampa. We will discuss this issue at the next meeting of the devaswom board,\" Sabarimala executive officer Sankaranarayana Pillai told TOI. A few years back the temple was rocked by a major controversy over a woman actor alleging that she touched the Ayyappa idol.Transgenders say they would like to go to the temple in women's attire. \"I have been accepted as a transgender by the state government. Why should I be asked to wear a man's clothes?\" says Shanthi Bharath, who is visiting the temple for the first time.\"It is difficult to spot a transgender in a crowd of lakhs during the season of October to January. If we spot a woman and find that the person is a transgender, we will ask them not to go further,\" Sabarimala ADGP Chandrasekar said. \"There are no clear cut rules and the court has not given us any guidelines on the issue of transgenders. We advise transgenders to avoid the Sabarimala shrine,\" he said.Many of them were born male and the temple should not bar them from having darshan, said Kalki, a transgender activist. \"We don't have any issues such as menstrual cycle or menopause so we should be allowed into the temple,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618942", "title": "All centres, state ministers in soup over hunting pictures", "text": "NAGPUR: Minister of state for school education and women and child development Fouzia Khan came under intense criticism from the opposition members after her photographs with hunted wild animals, a rarity in India, were flashed across the net on Friday. TOI is in possession of the pix but has not used them because of poor resolution.The pictures, showing a gun-toting Khan posing with carcasses of many herbivores including impalas and a zebra, were apparently shot in a private game reserve near Port Elizabeth in South Africa. Khan claims she did not shoot the animals though hunting is legal in that country. She admitted to TOI, though, that the animals were shot by members of her party and she consumed the bush meat.The opposition members led by leader in assembly Eknath Khadse stated that minister's act didn't suit her stature, especially when hunting was prohibited in India. Leader of opposition in council Vinod Tawde mentioned her name for killing animals during a debate in the council. The members demanded her resignation on moral grounds. Citing wildlife regulations in India, they demanded an enquiry for her brutal acts.The minister found herself in the soup after electronic media flashed the photographs. In pictures, the minister is in visibly happy mood along with her family members and friends. The animals seen in the photographs include african deer, stalked deer, zebra and others. The carcasses had wooden stumps impaled into the neck to hold the head up for pictures.Khan tried to steer clear of the controversy. \"The animals were hunted by professional hunters and by family friends. I did nothing wrong as hunting animals is completely legal in South Africa.\" About controversy about her act, she fumed, \"it is nothing but intrusion in my private life.\" She said she would seek legal opinion on whether she could sue those who leaked the photographs.The minister said these animals were legally 'culled' to maintain ecological balance. \"They even sell meat of those animals. I also ate the meat of those animals as it was sold in markets. It's way of life in that country and also at places like US. I don't understand what wrong I did,\" she added. \"We were on a private visit to family friends having business in South Africa. The media are unnecessarily creating a controversy with pictures leaked without our knowledge. I am a law-abiding citizen. I have never done such things in India,\" she asserted.Greens are, naturally, upset by minister's' act. Tiger Centre chief Nishikant Mukherjee termed the act \"ridiculous\" and \"in very poor taste\". \"Though she can't be indicted, still the act of killing animals for sport can't be justified. Why should we kill them, just because they can't talk or express their emotions? This is atrocious,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621365", "title": "Qadiyan bushes to be cleared", "text": "LUDHIANA: Having failed to trace the leopard on prowl in the Qadiyan forest, the forest authorities will clean the bushes in the forest to trace the wild animal. The chief wildlife warden Dharendra Singh ordered to do so after visiting the forest area on Friday.Divisional forest officer (DFO) Daljeet Singh Brar said the chief wildlife warden visited the forest area to take stock of the measures being taken to trap the leopard.\"He instructed us to get the bushes cleared, so that the leopard doesn't get place to hide and is trapped. The public entry to the tiger safari adjoining the Qadiyan forest has been banned for the officials to conduct extensive search,\" said the DFO.He added that neither did the forest officials get any news about the wild cat being spotted in the nearby areas nor could they find any pugmarks in the last four to five days. \"The leopard has not killed any animal for food so far as we haven't recovered any dead animal in the forest,\" said Brar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17620073", "title": "Textile sector eyes 7% pie of the 12th 5-year plan fund", "text": "INDORE: Textile industry in the state has demanded that 7.3% of the Rs 1,44,592 crore allocation made by the union government for the textile sector in the country during the 12th five-year plan be spent for the development of the sector in the state. The industry is drafting a memorandum for allocation of Rs 10,500 crore for the sector in the state that will be submitted to the state government before the finalization of the next financial budget.Talking to ToI, Tarun Baldua, chairman, MP Textile Mills Association, said, \"We want that the proposed investment in the state must be meant for knitting &amp; processing along with spinning mills. If it happened so, it was likely to generate fresh employment to 2 lakh workers. Also, it was set to increase the production of the sector in the state by Rs 13,125 crore.\"While the sector is in favour of rationalisation of entry tax on raw materials, it has also voiced the waiver of mandi tax on cotton. Some of the other demands as raised by the industry include waiver of various sub taxes on captive power plant and closure of wealth, panchayat and diversion taxes.Secretary of the association, M C Rawat said, \"I have already circulated copies of the draft to all our members and we are likely to discuss the issue at length during our forthcoming annual general meeting which was scheduled to be held here on December 22.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620316", "title": "Tourists rank Mumbai as dirtiest, very unfriendly", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai has the dirtiest streets in the world, is the worst city for commute, its taxi drivers are not friendly, and most importantly, it is not just women, even tourists who visit the metropolis do not feel very safe here.India's financial capital was handed the damning report card by a survey done by an online travel portal which asked tourists to rate 40 global cities on various parameters like cleanliness, public transport, friendliness, etc. Only one city from each country was included in the list of 40. The Asian cities that featured in the survey besides Mumbai were Tokyo, Singapore, Bangkok , Hong Kong, Beijing, Seoul and Kuala Lumpur .Tokyo bagged the top slot for cleanliness, safe environs, taxi services and public transportation. It was for shopping that Mumbai won its best rank- No. 27. It figured in the bottom ten bracket in all the other parameters. Mumbai's second best rank was No. 31, for friendliness of the locals.Beijing ranked number 37 in this category, people from Moscow were perceived as the least friendly, according to data released by TripAdvisor, the portal which carried out the survey. Mumbai's taxi drivers didn't do too well either, being ranked 37. But cabbies in Beijing and Moscow fared worse, finishing 39 and 40, respectively.In matters of safety, Mumbai finished No. 33, while Beijing scored 19th . The seven cities that fared worse than Mumbai on this parameter were Cape Town, Marrakech, Moscow, Buenos Aires, Sharm el Sheikh, Rio de Janeiro and Punta Cana in Dominican Republic , which scored the lowest at 40. Incidentally, Punta Cana is best known for its beaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17620745", "title": "Convent schools to move education department", "text": "BHOPAL: The convent schools are planning to move to the school education department for not receiving any amount of the reimbursement under the Right to Education (RTE) Act for admitting underprivileged children. The schools claim even though they have allocated 25 % of their seats to the below poverty line children, they have not received any amount for the same.Principal of St Joseph's Co-ed School (SJCS) and spokesperson of the Catholic Church, Fr Johnney P J talking to TOI said, \"Our school, including all the other convent schools, has not received the reimbursement money from the government under the RTE. While all our online formalities have been completed, no reimbursement for any child admitted under RTE has been reimbursed yet.\"Fr Johnney also said that this was a \"discrimination\" against the Christian schools as the other private schools have received their sum of the reimbursement money.\"In a day or two all the convent schools would submit a memorandum to the school education department regarding the reimbursement,\" said Fr Johnney.\"We have admitted 120 children under the RTE in the last two years. Previously we had met the education minister Archana Chitnis too and she had assured us that we would receive the money soon. Nothing as such has happened,\" he said.\"The convent schools are not run with the intention of profit making. But the high-handedness adopted by the government previously in this matter was not right,\" he added.Principal of St Paul's School, Fr Thomas Kolla Pilly too affirmed that no reimbursement has been received. \"We admitted 130 children in the last two years. The money hasn't yet come to us. Where does it go?\"Meanwhile, commissioner Rajya Shiksha Kendra (RSK) Rashmi Arun Shami said, \"If the schools have not enrolled themselves properly with the online portal, then they would not be eligible for the reimbursement. To my knowledge, most schools have received their reimbursement.\"\"However, if any school complains regarding the same, I will certainly look into it,\" she added.In April this year, a circular was issued which stated that more than 10 crores had been sanctioned for the year 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620164", "title": "Keen on a health city in Lucknow: Dr Shetty", "text": "LUCKNOW: Renowned cardiac surgeon Dr Devi Prasad Shetty is keen on opening a health city in Lucknow. Dr Shetty, the chairman of Narayana Hrudayalaya Hospitals which has pioneered low-cost cardiac surgeries in India, discussed the project with chief secretary Jawed Usmani here on Friday.Talking to TOI on the sidelines of the SGPGI's foundation day, Dr Shetty said, \"We are keen on opening a centre in Lucknow and this is my first visit in the city with this intention. Uttar Pradesh has tremendous scope and we can come up with a hospital with 3,000-5,000 beds. It will make a big difference in health sector of the state.\"He added that he would also introduce micro health insurance scheme like Yeshasvini in the state for the poor. Dr Shetty designed Yeshasvini for farmers with Karnataka government's backing. It covers 1.7 million farmers who pay a premium of Rs 5 per month and the Karnataka government pays Rs 2.5 a month per person. Talking about the scheme, Dr Shetty said the scheme works with such a low cost as only 0.8% of population requires surgery.When asked what steps should be taken to make the treatment affordable in the state as there is huge difference between the cost at private and government hospitals, he said that when he constructed his hospital in Mysore, the state government charged him a nominal price for the land. Hence his cost of setting up the hospital significantly came down. Now, he offers heart surgery for Rs 75,000 while other private hospitals charge about Rs 1,50,000 for the same. \"With the support of the government, private hospitals can reduce the cost of health services,\" he said.UP is facing acute shortage of doctors and paramedical staff. Statistics show that against 255 sanctioned posts at the SGPGI, there are only 140 doctors. Similar is the condition of other hospitals. Dr Shetty said that the problem exists because the number of hospitals and medical colleges in North India is much below the number required for the vast population. \"Uttar Pradesh alone needs at least 30 government medical colleges. This is the only way through which children from the poor family can become doctors. Children from deprived section will put in extra efforts and most of them will prefer to stay in the state which will solve the problem of manpower crunch.\"Dr Shetty also said that the sedentary lifestyle is a key reason for growing cases of heart aliments. The lifestyle diseases like hyper tension, obesity and diabetes affect the cardiac vascular. \"If people don't improve their lifestyle, the cardiac disease will become an epidemic in the country in the next 10 years,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17619336", "title": "Government plans to take heritage fests to villages", "text": "MARGAO: Expressing government's seriousness in preserving and conserving heritage houses and structures in view of their potential to augment Goa's image as a tourist destination, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, while inaugurating the 'Goa Heritage Fest 2012' on Friday, promised to look into taking heritage festivals to various villages such as Chandor and cities like Mapusa amongst others that are rich in cultural heritage.The three day festival was inaugurated at SGPDA grounds, Margao, in the presence of Margao MLA Digambar Kamat, Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai, Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC) chairman Nilesh Cabral and Margao municipal council (MMC) chairman Arthur D'Silva.When asked how the government will offer financial assistance to those seeking to conserve their heritage homes, Parulekar said, \"We are already providing financial assistance and such people should submit an application to the tourism department and we will send our official to their house who will identify and inspect following which estimates are prepared.\"Sardesai spoke about plans late tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha had for Goa regarding converting heritage homes into hotels , adding that Saldanha was supportive of Goa Heritage Fest.He further urged the government to promote such concepts. Pointing out that any opposition for the sake of opposition was not good, he made a reference to the Fatorda lake project envisaged by him which is facing opposition and urged the government to consider such projects, including plans to develop the golf course, despite opposition, as such projects could bring in quality and high spending tourists.Digambar Kamat and Vijai Sardesai spoke about the need to have fests like the Fontainhas heritage festival.Kamat spoke about Margao being rich in heritage structures and pointed out that Hospicio hospital was one such heritage site that would not be touched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17621696", "title": "11 cops returning from CM\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Jhalod rally drown in well", "text": "VADODARA: Eleven personnel of Dahod police were killed and five injured when a van bringing them back after an election rally of chief minister Narendra Modi at Jhalod fell in an open well.The cops were on duty for the rally that Modi held in the assembly constituency where retired additional commissioner of police B D Waghela is contesting.The policemen drowned inside the well located near the Sopoi village at the Sanjeli crossing on the Jhalod-Limdi highway. It is believed that the victims drowned to death inside the well. The victims include six policewomen and five policemen.Dahod superintendent of police D B Waghela, who was travelling just ahead of the van, said the van driver suddenly fell ill and lost control of the vehicle.Waghela said, \"Out of the seven that we rescued, five were injured while the other two were unhurt. After flushing everyone out, the bus was removed from the well using a crane,\" he said.The survivors include a videographer, the only person who was not a police personnel in the vehicle. The deceased included head constables Gunvanti Badiyabhai, Sumitra Gavjibhai, Sharda Shakrabhai and Jethabhai Parmabhai.Police constables Meenaxi Lalubhai, Rasan Somjibhai and Sakjibhai Gautambhai, assistant sub-inspector Kevalsinh Maganbhai as well as Lok Rakshank personnel Sheetal Gulabsinh, Sangeeta Shanabhai and Chetankumar Rameshchandra died in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17620625", "title": "Now, Yakshagana rides on graphics to reach Gen Y", "text": "MANGALORE: The classical Yakshagana just got a new touch. A Mumbai-based businessman has added a dash of animation and graphics to take the art form closer to the next-generation children.Kateel Sadananda Shetty of Brahmari Yakshanrithya Kalanilaya of Mulund in Mumbai has produced a 58-minute Yakshagana DVD on 'Bhasmasura Mohini' in Kannada at a cost of Rs 3.6 lakh.Sadananda plans to bring out the tape in other languages. He told TOI: \"This was an experiment. The objective is to popularise Yakshagana among the youth and children. Animation and special graphic effects make the art more appealing for Gen Y.\"Today's youth, according to Sadananda, has little time for art forms like the Yakshagana as other forms of entertainment are just on the tap. The animated Bhasmasura Mohini tape, for instance, makes an effort to bring the viewers close to the scene of action by providing better viewer experience.Sadananda should know it better. A Yakshagana artiste and a teacher, he says the eponymous burning-down scene in Bhasmasura Mohini can be shown only symbolically on stage. The graphics-heavy DVD version shows the ashes, he said, making the experience more real and tangible.\"Integrating animation technology into Yakshagana wasn't easy. It involved re-shoots when colours of costumes and backdrop didn't match.\" With the support of animation expert Santhosh Shetty and Yakshagana artiste Krishnaraj Shetty, Sadananda is planning to produce another episode in the DVD format studded with animations and graphics.A new animated Kannada Yakshagana, Mahisha Mardhini, will be released on April 14 in Mumbai. An enhanced Bhasmasura Mohini version will also be unveiled. His yakshagana school has trained over 1,200 children and women in Mumbai in the past four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17623356", "title": "Fees confusion angers govt engineering college students", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Government Engineering College students belonging to SC and ST category had to pay fees even though they were exempted. Now, students have sought a reply from the administration's move to charge fees from them.Post-graduate students of the college alleged that the college has not granted exemption from fees for some students.The education, exam and other fees are waived for the students taking admissions under the reserved category of backward class.Under-graduate courses are funded by the government, but post graduate courses are self-sponsored wherein students can avail of scholarships.A second year student from the college said, \"Many students have approached the clerk repeatedly, but there has been no reply.\" The students alleged that the clerk is often high-handed.Another student said that education fees and tuition fees have also been charged by the college for the academic year 2010-2011. However, no such disproportionate fees have been charged by the college for previous batches.Sanjay Joshi, RTI activist said, \"Students complained that fees for SC/ST candidates range between around Rs 810 and Rs 860. But some of the students have been charged with regular fees of Rs 24, 000.\" Joshi said that the management has been non co-operative and has misbehaved with students.\"According to the norms students who clear the Graduate Aptitude Test in Engineering (GATE) examination, are eligible for scholarships from the college for Rs 8,000 per month,\" said Pranesh Murnal, principal in-charge of the college.However, students who do not clear the GATE can still apply for the scholarship from social welfare office wherein the fees of the students are waived off or refunded, Murnal said.\"If the student is already %eligible for scholarship received under GATE and also applies %to the social welfare office, then they would get the benefit %from two different scholarships,\" he said. The social welfare office would only approve scholarships for those reserved candidates who have not cleared GATE examination and exempt them from tuition and examination fees, he said.A reply from social welfare office is yet to be confirmed regarding sanction of the scholarships for students who have not cleared the GATE examination, he added.Hence, the students who have not cleared GATE examination, have been charged according to the regular fee %structure and once the clearance is received from the office, fees will be refunded to respective", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619132", "title": "Drunk state transport bus driver held after passenger calls cops", "text": "PUNE: Swift action by the Pune police control room and the Loni Kalbhor police, following a call from an alert Dharur-bound state transport (ST) bus passenger on Thursday night, averted a major tragedy with the arrest of a conductor and the driver of a state transport bus who were allegedly under the influence of alcohol.After receiving a call from the control room, the Loni Kalbhor police team, led by inspector Suhas Garud, managed to stop the bus at the Kavdipat toll plaza and arrested the conductor and the driver. The driver has been identified as Balasaheb Tapase of Beed and the conductor, Vaijnath Jadhav of Latur.Garud said the bus was travelling from Pimpri-Chinchwad to Dharur in Beed district. It had left Shivajinagar ST stand around 11 pm on Thursday. \"As the bus was heading towards the outskirts of the city in Hadapsar, the passenger noticed that the driver was driving rashly. He got suspicious and immediately informed the control room,\" Garud added.Police inspector Deepak Nikam and constable Ashok Jagtap, who were on duty at the Pune police control room, found out the exact location of the bus and alerted the Hadapsar police station and the Pune rural police control room. \"We managed to stop the bus near the Kavdipat toll plaza on the Pune-Solapur highway. All the passengers were shifted to another bus, which left for Dharur later, he said.The driver and the conductor were arrested under various sections of the Motor Vehicles Act. \"They were released on bail on Friday,\" Garud said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17621636", "title": "Blood crisis hits state", "text": "MALDA: The state is reeling under acute blood crisis. In the recent state conference of West Bengal Voluntary Blood Donors' Forum (WBVBDF), held in Raiganj, it was observed that less than 5 lakh units of blood were collected this year, compared to 7 lakh units collected in 2011.The number of camps organized by the clubs and political organizations has fallen drastically.Apurba Ghosh, state secretary of the forum, expressed his concern over the fall in the number of camps. \"After the change in government, technicians are being removed on a regular basis from the blood banks, triggering an acute staff crisis,\" said Ghosh.Sources said the financial assistance to the camps has totally stopped with the change in power. TNNEven the awareness programmes with booklets, pamphlets or mass-media have been curtailed.\"The clubs and organizations are losing interest\", said Utpal Chatterjee of WBVBDF.Interestingly, the youth and students' wings of CPI (M), which used to hold a major share of blood donation camps in the state, are not showing enthusiasm with the change in the power. The condition of other political parties is no better.Worse, the infrastructure of most of the blood banks in the state is precarious. Already, the Union government has cancelled the licence of Bankura Blood Bank on the ground of inadequate infrastructure. Malda Blood Bank, too, is facing staff crunch.The blood component separator is also lying defunct in the blood bank since last three months. \"With the separator unit, we could have used one unit of blood for three persons. Now, we have to use one unit for a single patient\", said Chatterjee.However, the worst sufferers are the thalassaemia patients who are in regular need of blood. In Malda, there are 400 such patients.\"We have to frantically look for donors for such patients everyday\".Chief medical officer of health (CMOH) Dr Bidhan Mishra said: \"I'm not in a position to blame anyone, but the crisis is acute. I've already instructed the block medical officers to arrange awareness camps for blood donation.\" Krishnendu Chowdhury, minister of tourism and chairman of district health committee said, \"I'm looking into the problem regarding the separator unit.\"Blood banks in the state are reeling under huge crisis with huge fall in blood collection over last one year. Worse, the rural election within few months, the crisis of blood is going to be deepened as felt. With the change of the govt in the state, the movement of blood donation too faltered. Already more than 2 lakhs units of blood were collected less than the last year. If the usual operation or accidental victims were feeling the heat, the thalasemia patients were the worst sufferer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17620017", "title": "GSPCB cracks down on company storing hazardous waste", "text": "PANAJI: After Goa industrial development corporation (GIDC) failed to direct Axis Ltd to dispose off 25,000 tonnes of accumulated hazardous waste at Cuncolim industrial estate, the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) on Friday inspected the site and called for a hearing on Monday to know as to how the company plans to dispose off the waste.The waste has been stored in a plot by Sunrise Zinc Ltd since 2007, which is now owned by Axis Ltd. TOI had reported in its edition on November 6, in the column 'Panchanama', of troubles faced by residents of Akamoll ward in Ambaulim village because of pollution caused by the industrial estate.Speaking to TOI, GSPCB chairman Jose Manuel Noronha said, \"We have called Axis Ltd on Monday for a hearing to know the plan for evacuation of hazardous waste from their plot.\"The GSPCB chairman, member secretary Levinson Martins, an official of GSIDC and a representative of the company were present during the inspection. The board also conducted an inspection at the captive site allotted to the company for disposal of hazardous waste. GSIDC has allotted 10,000 sq m to the company for disposing its hazardous waste, Noronha said. But, the company's representative denied that they were aware of the allotment of a landfill site for disposal of hazardous waste.\"During the inspection, the company representative also denied that they have received any communication from GSIDC for disposal of hazardous waste,\" Noronha said, adding that GSPCB has directed GSIDC to hand over a copy of the notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17621864", "title": "Suicide clock ticks again", "text": "BANGALORE: The city saw seven suicides since Thursday night.Mamata, 22, a homemaker, hanged herself from a ceiling fan in her residence at Pragati Nagar, under Electronics City police limits, on Thursday.Mamata was married to Ajay, a software engineer working with an IT major. The couple, from Orissa, was married for two years.On Thursday night, police suspect the couple had an argument , after which the woman locked herself in a room and ended her life. Ajay broke open the door, brought her down and rushed her to a nearby private hospital where she was declared brought dead. Mamata did not leave a suicide note.Police said preliminary investigations didn't reveal any foul play on the part of the husband. Mamata's parents, who arrived from Orissa, told police their daughter was keen on moving back to Orissa. They said they had discouraged Mamata from coming, promising her they would come down to Bangalore . She may have been depressed over this.Police said the couple did not want to register any case against their son-in-law . A case of unnatural death was registered by Electronic City police. Mamata's body is at Victoria Hospital.DONE IN BY DOWRYA woman working as personal assistant in the HR department of a newspaper group allegedly committed suicide at her Bommasandra residence in Vidyaranyapura , on Thursday night.Sudhamani Satish, 30, is believed to have taken the step following alleged dowry harassment . She was three months pregnant. Her husband, Satish, a faculty of a junior college in Kannur, near Bagalur, returned home and found his wife hanging from the ceiling. He raised an alarm and alerted police.A suicide note written in Kannada read: \"He asks me to bring money every time. If I don't bring, I am ridiculed and asked to stop living. My parents should have checked facts before marrying us. Both our salaries are meagre.\"Sudhamani's family said Satish harassed her for dowry. \"Since their marriage in 2005, Satish pestered her to buy a site for him. He took away her salary every month,\" a family member said. Vidyaranyapura police took Satish into custody.STUDENTS END LIFETwo first-year PU students allegedly hanged themselves on Thursday. Surabhi Bhat, 16, used a ceiling fan in her residence in D'Souza Nagar in Girinagar police limits. She was alone at home as her parents had gone out and her younger sister was at tuition class. Her parents returned later in the night to find their daughter hanging.Police said they are yet to ascertain the reason. Her parents claimed Surabhi was usually open and responsive and did not have any problems.Earlier, Harshita Anjanappa hanged herself from the ceiling fan of her bedroom in Maruti Block, Doddabidarakallu. Harshita , 16, a student of Government Arts College, Malleswaram , was allegedly upset over prolonged illness. Her parents had gone to work at a garment factory and her younger brother had gone to school at the time. She was found by her aunt, Sharada, who stays next door.Mother Prema said her daughter was under treatment for intense stomach pain. \"It would recur often, forcing Harshita to stay home,\" she said.AT HOME AND IN A PARKThree men ended their lives across the city in 24 hours.Small-time businessman Suresh Kumar , 40, a resident of 17th Cross, Mahalakshmi Layout, allegedly committed suicide by hanging from the roof of his residence on Friday.At 4.30pm, his wife Sheetal knocked on his bedroom door, then she and other family members broke it open to find Suresh hanging from the ceiling, police said. Sheetal said Suresh was depressed as he had sustained a loss of Rs 10 lakh in business. They have two kids.JOBLESS MAN HANGS SELFAn unemployed man was found hanging in his house in Paravathypura , off Minerva Circle, on Friday . Raju, 34, was married for nine years . There was no one at home when he took the extreme step. Neighbours found Raju hanging and alerted police, who are ascertaining details of Raju and his family.MAN FOUND IN PARKThe body of an unidentified man was found hanging from a tree in a park near Chandra Layout. Passersby spotted the body on Friday and alerted police immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17623432", "title": "Drainage scheme not for 35 gunthewari areas", "text": "AURANGABAD: Municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar on Friday said that the proposed drainage system under the Nagarothan scheme would not be applicable to localities built after January 2000 under gunthewari development.This means that more than 3.5 lakh residents of the total population of the city may not benefit from the ambitious plan of the civic body. There are about 35 localities in the city that come under gunthewari development.As per the guidelines of the state governments, implementation of projects under 'Nagarothan scheme' or other similar schemes of the state government are restricted in gunthewari development localities constructed after January 2000.Unauthorised laying of plots and construction of dwelling units on them are referred to as gunthewari development. However, the state government had directed the local administration to legalise all the localities constructed before January 2000 under gunthewari development after collecting the regularisation charges along with a fine from the occupants. Nearly 80 % of houses built under the category came into existence after January 2000.Many houses in Pundaliknagar, Gajanannagar, Nayanagar, Hussainnagar were built after January 2000 under this category for which the AMC has expressed its inabilitAy to offer drainage and sewerage facilities.On Thursday, principal secretary of urban development department Shrikant Singh, had assured that the civic body would get state government funds of Rs 192 crore for modernisation of its of drainage system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619429", "title": "'Better edu' looks for faculty from other states", "text": "PANAJI: \"The government has no option but to hire faculty in colleges on contract as qualified candidates are difficult to find to fill permanent posts,\" state education secretary Keshav Chandra said on Friday.Speaking at the seminar deliberating ways to improve higher education , Chandra said the state will amend recruitment rules to allow a percentage of posts to be filled with qualified and quality teachers from outside the state, \"giving priority to excellence\".\"Goa is facing an acute shortage of permanent teachers. We have advertised many times for posts, but the number that responds always falls short of the desired figure,\" he said. Emphasizing that quality of education imparted depends on faculty \"and we are facing a serious shortage here\", he said, \"It would be our dream to fill all permanent posts with qualified faculty.\" He stressed that the impression that the state does not want to hire permanent faculty is wrong.\"We recently cleared the recruitment of 70 faculty members for posts at Goa University without any hassle. We want to create permanent faculty and we are in the process of doing away with some issues with recruitment rules to allow early filling of posts,\" he said. \"We also want to give some seats purely for academic excellence and these will be filled by talented teachers not just from Goa but from outside the state too,\" he added.GU chancellor, governor B V Wanchoo, during his address, said, \"Goa has the potential to be the prime education hub and should be known as the 'Boston of India'; it has the right mix of stakeholders who can enable this change.\"He went on to point out, however, that no student has been awarded a doctorate in engineering yet in Goa and that only one faculty member in Goa is qualified to be a PhD guide. \"No college has approached the university so far either to start a PhD department in engineering,\" Wanchoo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17621775", "title": "Finally, government hikes hiring charges of vehicles", "text": "VADODARA: Tour and travel operators in the city finally have a reason to rejoice ahead of the polls this time around. After years of representations and protests, the state government on Friday agreed to increase the hiring charges of vehicles requisitioned for election duties. The government has issued a circular to the district administration that would come into effect from this election.TOI had highlighted the issue on December 3 and reported about the grievances of Baroda Tours and Travels Association (BTTA). The state ports and transport department has asked the administration to increase the profit margin for operators from 3 per cent to 7.5 per cent. The administration would have to pay up more for requisitioning vehicles of private tour operators.\"It is a great move. Finally the government has taken note of our representations and made a decision in our favour. We had been struggling to get the vehicle hiring charges hiked for years. We are yet to find out how much the hiked profit percentage would benefit us,\" said Siddique Gandhi, president of BTTA.The BTTA alone has handed over 180 buses to the police and district administration for poll duties this time around. With the marriage and tourism season too at peak, private operators are finding it difficult to meet the demand for vehicles. \"We were never against giving our vehicles for poll duties. All that we wanted was fair charges for the vehicles requisitioned. We had suffered losses during the polls earlier,\" Gandhi told TOI.He had also claimed that the government was paying hefty charges to state transport buses but the private operators were being paid peanuts.The government considers interest paid on vehicle loan, depreciation and value of vehicle while calculating the hiring charges to be paid to the operators", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17623221", "title": "Airtel, Voda accused of running 'SMS cartel'", "text": "NEW DELHI: TDSAT today directed Bharti Airtel and Vodafone to file their replies on maintainability of a petition filed by an NGO alleging that the telecom players were charging 10 paise SMS termination fee in a \"cartelised manner.\"A single-member TDSAT bench of PK Rastogi asked both operators -- Bharti Airtel and Vodafone -- to file a short reply over NGO Telecom Watchdog's petition alleging that they \"are doing this illegal activity in a cartelised manner.\"However, during the proceedings, counsel appearing for Vodafone questioned the maintainability of Telecom Watchdog's petition filed by its counsel Prashant Bhushan.The tribunal has asked the telecom operators to file their reply in three weeks and listed the matter on January 11, 2013 for hearing on its maintainability.Meanwhile, Telecom Disputes Settlement and Appellate Tribunal (TDSAT) dropped the name of Trai from the matter after observing that NGO has claimed no relief from the sectoral regulator.The petitioner has submitted that it was \"aggrieved by the inaction of the Respondent No 1 (Trai) against the arbitrary decisions of the operators, who are all out to fix termination charges at 10 paisa per SMS by way of bilateral agreements with different operators that is detrimental to the interest of the consumers.\"They are doing this illegal activity in a cartelised manner and are jointly exploiting Trai's regulations that had put the IUC for SMS under 'forbearance'. The operators are converting 'forbearance' into a 'mandatory' provision under which all the operators henceforth must pay termination charges of 10 paisa per SMS in a 'non-transparent' manner,\" the NGO had alleged.According to the NGO, some operators had come before TDSAT challenging termination charges, but they did not really \"contest\" the issue as it \"suits their common objective\" of hiking the tariffs to the consumers in a \"uniform/cartelised manner.\"The NGO has requested the tribunal to \"strike down any arrangement insisted upon by Respondents No 2 and 3 (Airtel and Vodafone) with any other UAS licensee in so far as it relates to the Termination Charges for SMS.\"It also requested to \"issue directions to Respondents No 2 &amp; 3 (Airtel and Vodafone) for continuing with bill-and-keep arrangement till Trai fixes a reasonable cost based tariff for termination charge on SMS.\"Termination charges of Short Message Services (SMS) affects consumers directly and so far Trai has fixed termination charges for voice calls only and not for messages.Termination charges are paid by an operator on whose network calls or SMSs originate to another operator on whose network these communications end. These charges have a direct bearing on SMS tariff.This is an amended petition. Earlier, the NGO had filed its petition seeking directions against Trai. However, after amending it, the NGO added Bharti Airtel and Vodafone in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618883", "title": "Clash between NCP &amp; BJP members erupts outside house too", "text": "NAGPUR: With not much happening inside the legislature, the premises especially the stairs leading to the Vidhan Bhavan building is where most of the drama is being witnessed during the current winter session. No doubt the TV cameras placed at this vantage point are a big attraction for the legislators thirsting for performance that is missing inside the house. Not a single day's full business was possible because of disruptions over the irrigation scam.On Friday, even before the proceedings started inside the Assembly, NCP members, led by Nationalist Congress state president Madhukar Pichad, assembled at the stairs and started raising slogans against the opposition for not allowing legislative business in last three days. The BJP-Sena opposition had been disrupting proceedings to push for their demand for SIT probe into the irrigation scam.As the day's business was about to commence, BJP members, led by Eknath Khadse, were greeted by derogatory slogans from NCP members on the Vidhan Bhavan stairs. This provoked BJP members to engage in a slanging match with the rival party members for nearly half-an hour. Presence of home minister RR Patil there and his participation in this agitation on the premises raised eyebrows. NCP members Jitendra Awhad and Vidya Chavan were demanding that issues related to Vidarbha and drought in Marathwada are raised in the house. They accused the opposition of unfairly stalling house proceedings.As the situation escalated, the two parties almost came to blows but were stopped by senior leaders like Pichad and Girish Bapat. While the NCP members raised slogans like \"BJP-Sena Chor hai\", BJP countered with \"Ajit Pawar Mahachor.\" This clash even before the house began indicated that there was no peace yet between the ruling parties and the opposition leaving hardly any hope for business inside the house on the fifth day. As expected, the state assembly was adjourned for the day soon after the question hour was over. The opposition stuck to their demand for SIT probe and disrupted the proceedings for the fourth day in a row.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "17620906", "title": "Two teachers suspended for lewd remarks", "text": "HISAR: Haryana education department on Friday suspended two teachers booked by the police in Hisar district for sexually harassing a girl student.\"The two teachers have been suspended for their conduct... \" confirmed district education officer Darshana Devi.Randhir Singh and headmaster Rajesh Kumar were beaten up by villagers and then arrested by police on Wednesday.They are charged with passing lewd remarks and using sexually suggestive language with a 16-year-old girl who had recorded their conversations on her cell phone. A third teacher accused in the case is still missing.Villagers have locked down the school demanding the arrest of the third teacher and dismissal of all three.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17618396", "title": "Ranji Trophy: Delhi feel the heat in winter chill", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the winter chill sets in, the heat is on the Delhi team this Ranji Trophy season. With the team having lost all three away matches, these are desperate times for coach Vijay Dahiya as Delhi take on Maharashtra in their Group B fixture from Saturday.If Delhi were looking for conditions where they could fancy their chances, then they have got just that. A greenish top at an open Roshanara stadium offers just the recipe Delhi need - given their strong seam attack - to add six points to their 11 points from six matches.'Take six or give six'. That's the mantra the hosts have been chanting this season. Well, they have ended given six each to their opponents on pitches that have offered a result.And now they face a gritty Maharashtra team, sitting on eight points from five matches. The visitors have posted mammoth totals to disturb the equation of the big teams, though most of their big scores have come on placid pitches.If the wind continues to blow the way it did on the eve of the match, the batsmen would be in for some stern test.Test it should be, for the likes of captain Shikhar Dhawan and Unmukt Chand. Part of the reason for Delhi's struggles has been the inconsistent opening pair.Their dismissals at the top of the innings have exposed the inexperienced middle order. Application is what, Dahiya says, has been missing in the batsmen. \"We have got just one opening partnership of over 50 runs.You can't rely on Mithun Manhas and Rajat Bhatia all the time. The others have been repeating their mistakes. That's not acceptable,\" Dahiya said.Coming to the upcoming match and the need to eke out maximum points, Delhi would have loved to have the services of paceman Parvinder Awana - currently with the Indian team in Nagpur.Awana has been in a wicket-taking mode this season, even on the benign tracks at the Ferozeshah Kotla. It is learnt that the BCCI hasn't responded to Delhi &amp; District Cricket Association's request to release Awana for the match.Now that they are without Awana and Ashish Nehra , who made himself unavailable, the amount of green on the 22 yards at the Roshanara is the only solace for the hosts.They are likely to unleash the nippy Vikas Tokas, a former Railways pacer, who was seen giving a rough time to Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir in the nets before the season started. Still, all more depends on how the batsmen perform.Ranji Trophy: Seventh RoundGroup A: Punjab (32) vs MP (11) - Gwalior; Saurashtra (15) vs Mumbai (11) - Rajkot; Bengal (7) vs Hyderabad (6) - Kolkata; Railways (6) vs Rajasthan (5) - Bhubaneswar; Gujarat (15) - RestGroup B: UP (20) vs Haryana (7) - Lucknow; Baroda (20) vs TN (10) - Vadodara; Vidarbha (12) vs Karnataka (11) - Mysore; Delhi (11) vs Maharashtra (8) - Delhi; Orissa (16) - RestGroup C: Services (20) vs J&K; (13) - Delhi; Jharkhand (17) vs Andhra (17) - Dhanbad; Himachal (11) vs Goa (9) - Porvorim; Tripura (8) vs Kerala (4) - Agartala; Assam (17) - Rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17620729", "title": "Refund of improvement charges: Stay extended", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen has extended till January 31, 2013 the stay on refund of the improvement charges already collected by the BBMP. The money was paid by applicants while seeking registration of khata.The bench also directed the civic body to place before the court the norms as well as guidelines the commissioner may grant for instalments for collecting improvement charges.On April 20, a single bench had held that the petitioners (applicants for khata) are entitled to seek refund from the civic body to refund /adjust the improvement charges already paid as per its demand.The single bench had said that BBMP cannot deny registration of khata to citizens for non-payment of improvement charges at one go terming it as \"arbitrary and unreasonable\".The BBMP has filed a writ appeal challenging this order claiming that collection of improvement charges had been upheld by the same single bench and the money so collected already spent on improvement. The Palike further said the order asking for refund would severely affect them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17620572", "title": "Approach river linking scientifically: Expert", "text": "MANGALORE: The interlinking of rivers in a scientific manner is the solution to the existing water scarcity problem in the state, said Atmanand, director of National Institute of Ocean Technology, here on Friday.He was addressing a gathering after inaugurating a two-day national level workshop on 'Conservation of water resources of west flowing rivers in Coastal Karnataka' jointly organised by National Institute of Technology Karnataka (NITK), Surathkal and Vivekananda College of Engineering and Technology.He said \"Bedthi-Varada and Netravathi-Hemavathi river linking projects have seen barriers in implementation due to space-time issues, which needs to be scientifically solved.On opposition from naturalists to river linking projects in the state, he said these projects are the only way to solve the drinking water crisis to a certain extent. \"Every project has consequences, but measures should be taken to minimise them. So it is important to approach the problems in a holistic manner,\" he added.KN Vijayaprakash, zilla panchayat CEO said according to a survey conducted by mines and geology department, ground water has been over exploited in 44 habitats in the district. The ZP is creating awareness on rainwater harvesting, building vented dams and construction of tanks in an attempt to solve the water crisis in the district, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17619101", "title": "Opposition walkout in council over drought issue", "text": "NAGPUR: Opposition members, led by leader Vinod Tawde, staged a walkout over Maharashtra government's apathy towards drought problems encountered by the people. This happened during initial question-answer session when a query in this regard was raised by Sanjay Dutt , Hemant Takle, Nitin Gadkari and others. The members sought information about whether the government had asked for Rs5,000 crore funds from the Centre to fight drought in about 123 towns in the state.Forest, rehabilitation and relief works minister Patangrao Kadam informed that the state had demanded a package of Rs3,011.61 crore to the Centre and had already granted Rs574.71 crore from its own kitty towards damages to the crops. Minister of state Prakash Solanki further informed that the state was capable of fighting drought on its own.Senior member Pandurang Phundkar blasted the government for lack of planning regarding natural calamities making people suffer. \"There is no water for animals and people. If you plan, it will take further two-three months for implementation,\" he pointed out.On this, Solanki informed that the government was supplying water through 1,137 tankers in 775 villages. However, Tawde termed minister's assurances as \"only on paper\" which led to heated arguments between two sides. Finally, the opposition members staged a walkout shouting anti-government slogans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17621653", "title": "Ex-wife hacks man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s email, booked", "text": "GURGAON: A woman, divorced from her husband, has been booked by Palam Vihar police under the relevant sections of the IT Act for allegedly hacking the email ID of her former husband. She is also accused of uploading obscene and pornographic material on the mail. The couple has been separated for some time now.Brigadier K G Kuthila, a resident of Sector 23 has lodged a complaint with Palam Vihar police against his son's ex-wife. In his complaint, he told police that his son Rohit had got married to Sapna Arora, a resident of Niti Bagh, Delhi, but after a rocky marriage they had got separated. But she is creating new problems for his son and other family members now.The complainant alleged that recently Sapna Arora allegedly hacked the email ID of his son and uploaded obscene and pornographic material on the mail. He also said that he wanted his son to marry again, but his former wife is creating problems, said police.\"We have lodged an FIR under Sections 66C and 67A of IT Act 2000 and are investigating the case from all angles,\" said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17620719", "title": "Uma meets Pragya Thakur in Bhopal Central Jail", "text": "BHOPAL: Senior BJP leader and former chief minister Uma Bharti met Sadhvi Pragya Singh Thakur, prime accused in the 2008 Malegaon bomb blast case at the Central Jail here on Friday and inquired about her health.Pragya Thakur has been undergoing treatment at a local hospital for suspected cancer for the past few months. After meeting her, Bharti said that she has not been able to overcome the impact of mental and physical torture inflicted by anti-terrorism squad (ATS), Maharshtra.\"Her health had deteriorated badly, now she cannot move on her own. Doctors suspect that she is suffering from cancer. I am praying that her innocence would be proved in the court,\" Bharti told reporters after meeting her in the jail. She was allowed to meet Pragya for a few minutes at office of the jail superintendent.Pragya Thakur is a prime accused in the Malegaon bomb blast that took place on September 29, 2008, in which six persons were killed and several injured. She is also, the prime accused in RSS pracharak Sunil Joshi murder case.Bharti had been extending support to Pragya Bharti for long claiming that she was implicated as part of a well-thought out conspiracy to defame Hindutva forces. Pragya had been a disciple of Maharaj Avdeshanand and there was no way in which she could be part of any violent activity, she added.In 2009, Uma Bharti had declared that will start a Jan Jagruti agitation to fight the injustice done on Pragya. And in 2010, the firebrand leader visited Pragya while she was being treated for spinal problems at Ayurveda Seva Sangh Hospital in Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619971", "title": "On reel, India becomes Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is becoming Pakistan , at least in reel life. There have been spate of international projects recently that have been shot in India where the by-lanes of old Delhi transform into Lahore and Chandigarh becomes Abbottabad.The most recent film to get the information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry's nod for shooting in India is a film tracing the years Princess Diana spent with Pakistani surgeon Hasnat Khan. The biopic ``Diana'', earlier named ``Caught in Flight'', will star Naomi Watts. Directed by Oliver Hirschbiegel, the film's producers have sought permission for shooting in Delhi's Chattarpur, Chandni Chowk and Daryaganj areas.The movie is expected to be released in February and co-stars Naveen Andrews \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of \"Lost\" and \"The English Patient\" fame \u00e2\u20ac\u201d as Hasnat Khan.The story focuses on the last two years of the late princess's life, including her affair with the heart surgeon, and following Diana's life as she transitioned to fame and her work as a global campaigner and humanitarian.Earlier this year, Oscar winning director Kathryn Bigelow had shot her film on slain terrorist Osama bin Laden in Chandigarh. Her recently released film, \"Zero Dark Thirty\", tells the story of the US Navy Seal team which trailed the notorious al-Qaeda leader before finally killing him, his aides and one of his sons in a night raid on his secret compound in the heart of a Pakistani garrison town.Pune has played host to 2007 drama \"Mighty Heart\" directed by Michael Winterbottom. The film based on Mariane Pearl's memoir, \"A Mighty Heart\", is a detailed account of the search for kidnapped Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl in 2002.Pearl was kidnapped in Karachi by supporters of Omar Sheikh, who claimed responsibility (and was later captured and convicted, but is appealing the ruling) for kidnapping and beheading Pearl in 2002. The film's Karachi scenes were shot in Pune after fear of the crew's safety made them shift location.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17621468", "title": "Jumbo calf suffers a leg fracture for 6 days without treatment", "text": "COIMBATORE: The elephant calf was named Chemmozhiyan by the then DMK government because it was rescued from Sirumugai forests when the classical Tamil conference was held in Coimbatore. Chemmozhi means classical language and it was found abandoned inside the forest by tribals. It was just 15 days old then and was rehabilitated at Mudumalai elephant camp. Its name was changed to Ranga after the AIADMK government came to power. Today, the two-and-a-half year old elephant calf is in a difficult situation.Six days ago, it sustained some injuries on its front leg but could not receive the treatment it needed immediately, as the only forest veterinarian in Western Tamil Nadu was busy treating elephants at the rejuvenation camp in Mettupalayam. On hearing about Ranga's predicament, animal welfare activists from Coimbatore sent a mobile X-ray unit and medicines to Mudmumalai but they were not useful in the absence of a veterinarian. It is very unfortunate that the elephant has to endure a broken leg for six days without treatment. Officials said the veterinarian may arrive on Saturday but that would be very late,'' says K Mohanraj of Tamil Nadu Green Movement.Efforts to contact the region's only forest veterinarian N S Manoharan failed as his mobile phone was out of coverage area. It is essential to appoint more forest veterinarians in the region. Manoharan is the only vet to handle wild animals in distress in Mudumalai. He oversees the health of the animals in the other three divisions of Nilgiris apart from Combatore division, Sathyamangalam wildlife sanctuary, Anamalai Tiger Reserve, Palani forests and Dindigul forests. His services are also being demanded in Krishnagiri and Dharmapuri at regular intervals. This is too much for one man to take on,'' says M Jayachandran , another green activist.According to senior forest officials, they had written many times seeking additional veterinarians in the region. A tiger died last year in Valparai after being attacked by a cow in the absence of quick medical assistance. Even then, we had to keep the dead body for eight hours for veterinarian to do a post-mortem. As human-animal conflicts are increasing in the region, more vets are needed, as they are the only ones qualified to administer the tranquilizing shots,'' said a senior IFS officer in Coimbatore.The Coimbatore-Nilgiri belt has a huge population of elephants and that is why at least one or two elephant deaths occur on a monthly basis. Autopsys are also delayed because of Manoharan's busy schedule,\" said Mohanraj. As Manoharan is normally stationed in Mudumalai, he has to travel through Ghat roads to reach Sathyamangalam or Coimbatore. He has to climb hills to reach places like Valparai and Udumalpet. \"We have submitted a petition to the forest minister seeking immediate appointments. Otherwise the animals are in danger of dying an early death,\" said Mohanraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17620631", "title": "Meat traders smell rat at new facility", "text": "MYSORE: All's not well at Booti Bazaar of Devaraja Market here.Traders, who suspect something fishy in the goings on here, are worried too. Mysore City Corporation officials, after promising to allot them shops through lottery system, are now looking to auction the same.Althaf Pasha, a dealer, claimed that they were promised shops. \"But now, the officials are giving only open space with a raised 3-foot wall. Even the space is smaller than the earlier one. We are suspecting that officials have colluded with elected representatives.\"Around 90 dealers were trading mutton, chicken, fish and 'boti' earlier. But now, the authorities are preventing 'boti' sellers and those working on daily-rent basis from carrying out business at the new facility. \"Many of us were doing business since several decades. Forty-three dealers have licence and as many pay rent on a daily basis,\" he claimed.Imtiaz Pasha, another dealer, told TOI that they vacated the shops a year ago for the construction of new facility. \"Officers had assured us new shops with facilities. But even seven months after the construction of shops, there is a delay in their allocation,\" Pasha added.Over 80 meat dealers have been doing business behind the new facility which lacks facilities like drainage, water and power. \"We are also paying rent for it, lack of facilities notwithstanding,\" Imtiaz claimed, adding that they have been losing customers due to unhygienic surroundings.When contacted, MCC commissioner M R Ravi said that there are 83 shops at Boti Bazaar. \"We have allotted the space through auction. In the first phase, about 43 licenced dealers were given shops, and the remaining shops were allotted in the second phase. However, the process will take time. We will soon hand over the space to the dealers. We have completed the process as per law and there is no mismanagement in it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620064", "title": "HC: Open more centres to recalibrate auto, taxi meters", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court on Friday said it was \"abundantly necessary\" for the Regional Transport Office (RTO) to appoint sufficient agencies before announcing its deadline for recalibration of autorickshaw and taxi meters.\" The deadline for recalibration for e-meters was December 14 and for mechanical meters January 31, 2013.A bench of Justices D Y Chandrachud and Amjad Sayed directed the RTO to appoint more agencies to recalibrate meters to speed up the process, as there were only three centres, which was insufficient for the \"huge numbers\" left to be updated. Justice Chandrachud remarked that \"we are talking about making Mumbai a Shanghai . But if we cannot get our taxi and auto meters upgraded, what are we talking about?\" The court was told that around 6,660 taxis and over 62000 autorickshaws were left to be recalibrated.The judges were hearing a PIL filed by the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat challenging the fare hike, based on the Hakim committee's recommendations. The petitioner's lawyer, Uday Warunjikar, said many were yet to convert their meters into e-meters. The bench said the RTO can do away with the tender process for the new agencies as there were only three (at Byculla, Bandra and Kandivli) and their numbers \"need to be increased''. The deadline can then be refixed and the new schedule can be put up on the RTO website, it said. A L Quadros, the leader of a taxi union, later said that in 2011 the city had only 42,000 taxis listed, with even fewer actually on the roads.On Thursday, the HC had observed that there \"seems to be reluctance on the part of autorickshawmen to convert to electronic meters''.The HC said it has indicated some problems that need to be addressed and kept the matter for further hearing on December 20.Call 1800220110Auto and taxi commuters can register their complaints on the toll free number 1800220110 against vehicles that have not recalibrated their electronic meters. Autorickshaw and taxis with e-meters have been given a December 15 deadline for recalibration and those with mechanical meters have a January 31, 2013 deadline. The transport commissioner appealed to polytechnic, engineering, ITI and other institutes to come forward to set up meter-testing facilities. Now, this facility is only available at Saboo Siddiq Polytechnic, Byculla, Thakur Polytechnic, Kandivli and Fr Agnel Institute, Bandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17620015", "title": "Past controversies haunt Karmapa's Bodh Gaya visit", "text": "GAYA: On several occasions in the past, Ogyen Trinley Dorje, the Buddhist spiritual leader Karmapa, has courted controversy during his Bodh Gaya visits and as such, all eyes are on the current visit of the 'fugitive' from Tibet and a claimant to the high spiritual position in the Tibetan Buddhist hierarchy, next only to his Holiness the Dalai Lama, to Bodh Gaya.A few months back, Karmapa hit the headlines for the controversial plantation of a peepal sapling at the Kalchakra Maidan. The plantation function itself fell into the 'trespass' category as no permission was taken either from the Bodh Gaya Temple Management Committee (BTMC) or Gaya district officials, the stake holders at the Kalchakra Maidan. In any case, plantation of peepal saplings in a radius of two km from the main Buddha shrine stands 'virtually' banned in order not to dilute the sanctity of the tree on the shrine premises.Karmapa's aides washed their hands off the sapling controversy on the alibi that the Bodh Gaya Hoteliers Association, the organizers of the plantation programme, were expected to complete the formalities including the permission from the competent authority. Even CM Nitish Kumar was reportedly unhappy with the controversial plantation. That the government officials took the explanation of the Karmapa aides at its face value is another story.Karmapa's date with controversy began about a decade back when he entered the Buddha shrine with his footwear on. Entering the shrine with footwear is a punishable offence as per the Bodh Gaya Temple Act, 1949, and carries a fine. The boot controversy led to street protests at Bodh Gaya as the neo-Buddhists strongly objected to what they called the desecration of the shrine. Karmapa supporters attributed the faux pas to the Tibetan tradition where entry to places of worship and reverence with footwear on was a normal practice. Once again, the Karmapa entourage found itself distinctly embarrassed when one of his aides allegedly molested a foreign pilgrim at Bodh Gaya.A You Tube entry also raised yet another controversy in 2011 about the Karmapa. \"From images of Ugyen Trinley as a boy, to images of him now, his eyes have changed shape. Is this some bizarre ploy to dispel the controversy surrounding his selection as Karmapa by the Dalai Lama and the Chinese, by making his eyes look like those of the 16th Karmapa?\" asked the You Tube item.To Ugyen's discomfiture, Trinley Thaye Dorje, his rival and claimant of the position of Karmapa (spiritual head of the Karma Katjiyue sect of Buddhists) is also at Bodh Gaya performing a weeklong prayer beginning Friday.According to Bodh Gaya researcher Rajiv Kumar, Ugyen Trinley Dorje has to be more discreet this time as the spiritual leader can ill afford another controversy, what with his hands being full with cash recovery episode at his Dharamshala ( HP ) address, the age controversy and now the eye controversy as well. Moreover, the simultaneous presence of two Karmapas at Bodh Gaya makes the task of security providers all the more difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620317", "title": "Mumbai women unsafe in all public spaces, finds survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Is Mumbai no longer safe for women? A survey conducted by Akshara, a women's NGO that works towards gender sensitization, has now documented that the city's women increasingly feel unsafe in all its public spaces-be it railway platforms, subways, skywalks, inside buses, at bus stops, in the market place, open grounds and even on the beach.In December 2011-January 2012, the NGO undertook a Safety Walk Project along with National Social Service (NSS) students from five colleges. They selected 19 disparate locations to understand the physical and social factors that make a public space unsafe for women. \"It is not just social but also physical factors that lead to violence against women,'' said Nandita Gandhi, co-director, Akshara.Students carried out the survey in each area during the day as well as after dark, as the place's character changes at different times.Three country liquor bars along the Kurla station road meant drunken men were found loitering in the area. In the evening, women said, their numbers only increased. Non-regulation of parking and movement of autorickshaws added to the chaos. \"Construction workers and boys who hang around passed lewd comments. Because of the crowds, it was very easy for any girl to get harassed and face theft and chain-snatching,'' the study found.At Churchgate and CST subways, lighting was found to be inadequate and women found the overenthusiastic vendors threatening. A few vendors were found eve-teasing and clicking photos of women on their mobile phones. Men loitered at the subway entrance simply to stare at them. Several looked drunk.\"Many men were seen crowding around the wine shop and in the evening heard passing comments at young women wearing skirts and shorts. Police presence through the day was inadequate and absence of CCTV made it difficult to detect crime,'' stated the report.At the Chembur skywalk, widespread harassment of girls was reported both during the day as well night. Cases of whistling, singing songs, passing lewd comments, stalking and following women and girls on the skywalk were reported as rampant. At Santa Cruz , though, respondents said they had not heard of any such instances. At the Ghatkopar skywalk, inappropriate photographs of women were seen stuck all around on the poles. On all skywalks, couples were found to be hanging around. This attracted single men who would stand around the area and stare. In the evening, the number of couples increased. Skywalks, said respondents, should be made free of hoardings and advertisements so that visibility is not blocked from the street below.Poor lighting also plagued Diamond Garden in Chembur, Five Gardens at Wadala and even Shivaji Park. At Shivaji Park, respondents complained of theft and robbery.At Azad Maidan, women are found to use the pathway to cross to the other side only in the mornings. Apart from using the pathway, women were not found to be just hanging around alone in the area. It was largely used by men, stated the report.The experience of violence by women at all times in all kinds of places across the city reflects the gender insensitivity of not only the general public but also that of the institutions that govern society, said Gandhi. \"In spite of the increasing rates of crime against women in the city, no police personnel was found in any of the places audited. The security guards were either absent or, if present, hardly effective. Other people, both men and women, seemed barely concerned when they witnessed men eve-teasing or harassing women. Absence of measures to ensure women's safety speaks of a deeply entrenched discrimination against women and a normalization of values that disrespect and violate women,'' she said.Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime), though, said the perception that women in Mumbai are not safe is not statistically borne out. \"We want women to feel safe and have always prided on the fact that it is the safest city in the country. Police patrolling is again a perception thing. There is constant patrolling but its focus shifts given the urgency at a particular time.''Roy said the police analyze the pattern of crime and try to predict and prevent it. \"For instance, in cases of chain-snatching, we identify the police stations in whose jurisdiction there is an increase, streets that are affected, time of the crime and the type of offender.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17620092", "title": "No power cut in city during Maha Kumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A day before chief minister Akhilesh Yadav visits city to preparedness for Kumbh, principal secretary energy Anil Kumar Gupta toured the city and announced on behalf of CM that there will be no power cuts in Allahabad with effect from January 1. To keep the Sangam city floodlit during Kumbh, the government has also erected 19,000 electricity poles and laid 700 km cable, Gupta said.A trial run of the lighting arrangements was done on Friday. He also inaugurated the main power station at lower bundh area on Friday. He switched on the streetlights at the Kumbh Mela area by pushing a button at the main feeder in Lower bundh area.Gupta expressed satisfaction over the electrification of the Mela area. UPPCL MD AP Mishra was also present .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17621220", "title": "Oriya group defends mess owner held with 300 ID cards", "text": "SURAT: Surat Odiya Welfare Association (SOWA) has come to the rescue of an Oriya suspect arrested from the city's Varachha area on Thursday with over 300 voter ID cards. These cards were allegedly to be used for bogus voting. Vijay Kanhar, an Oriya mess owner from Dharti Nagar, was arrested by the police for possessing over 300 voter ID cards following a tip-off by some Congress workers. An FIR was registered against Kanhar in this connection. In a statement issued on Friday, Subas Gantayat, chairman of SOWA, stated that Kanhar runs a mess at Dharti Nagar in Varachha where about 500 Oriya boarders stay. At the time of the incident, he was handing over the voter ID cards, which were kept in his safe custody, to their bonafide owners. \"There are a number of hotels and mess in many parts of the city for the benefit of migrant Odiya people, who work in textile and diamond industries. Boarders of these mess generally keep their important documents and valuables with the mess owners for safety,\" said Gantayat.He said, \"The allegations against the Odiya mess owner are totally baseless and he was only helping the Odiya voters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17620782", "title": "Bus owners seek action against anti-socials", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After the recent violence at Baramunda bus stand and Capital Hospital, some bus owners, accused of promoting hooliganism at the bus stand, have sought action against the anti-socials.Members of Rajdhani Bus Owners' Association on Friday met the DCP Nitinjeet Singh and demanded arrest of goons engaged by their rival association to extort money from them. The owners alleged that thugs are extorting nearly Rs one lakh from about 350 buses of Rajdhani Association every day. The rival body, Bhubaneswar Bus Owners' Association runs around 650 buses. Nearly 1,000 buses ply from Baramunda on any given day.\"They extorting between Rs 200 and Rs 500 from each bus daily. If we decline, the goons damage our vehicles and attack our staff,\" said Tusarkant Acharya, general secretary of Rajdhani Association. \"They are not allowing us to run the vehicles in time,\" Acharya said.Bhubaneswar Association rubbished the allegations. \"We do not encourage anti-social elements. Members of Rajdhani Association are no holy cows. Their association members are involved in a series of anti-social activities,\" said president of the association Prakash Mishra. \"Let Rajdhani Association members reveal names of goons hired by us,\" Mishra said.DCP said police would convene a meeting of both the associations to sort out the issue. Earlier, Commissioner of Police Sunil Roy hinted at taking action against bus owners, if they are found patronizing goons. Roy also said anti-socials creating nuisance at public places would be booked under National Security Act.Meanwhile, the Rajdhani Association members alleged that the state transport department was not taking action against some buses which were plying in contravention with the timing and route permit prescribed by the department.State transport commissioner Surendra Kumar denied receiving any such complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17621642", "title": "IIM-U launches \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCampus Connect\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "JAIPUR: Contrary to its traditional in-house discussions on bringing social change , students of IIM-Udaipur took an initiative aiming to transform the lives of underprivileged students by contributing towards their overall development .Taking part in a programme titled 'Campus Connect' , the students are making an objective to inspire students and guide them to take up careers which would really interest them . The programme has been designed in such a manner that it motivates them to achieve their dreams .During the inaugural session of the programme , class IX and X students of Shiksha Niketan High School , Udaipur , were exposed to several activity based exercises to break their stage fear , develop their confidence and inform them about various career opportunities available for them after school and colleges .The program was run on the principle of 'Personal Mentorship' in which each school student has been assigned an IIM-U student as mentor . The mentors' duty is to counsel them and regularly guide them in their career in the years to come .One IIM-U student recounted his experience and said , \"Holding responsibility for shaping someone's future has made me more responsible and a thinking individual .\"For many of thesestudents it was an enriching experience to know and lead the academic path towards achieving dreams of becoming an engineer , a doctor andfor thosefew who wanted to join the Army or those who wanted to get into the civil services .Janat Shah ,director of IIM Udaipur said , \"It is the bounden duty of us to contribute towards social and economic development of this region . This initiative fulfills our philosophy and a step towards ZAempowering underprivileged children .\"Shah further said it was just a beginning and helping students from government schools will be regular process . \"This process will expose our students to the social dynamics of this region and help them in initiating programme once they attain positions in the corporate world ,\" Shah added .The children were introducedto participatein personality development games which subject them to various situations which they might face in their daily lives .These games taught them the importance of team dynamics , especially in the world after school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "17621495", "title": "Youth held for raping 65-year-old woman", "text": "KHARAGPUR: A 65-year-old woman was allegedly raped by a local at Basantapur in Kharagpur on Thursday. The accused, Pintu Roy, 30, was arrested on Friday.He was produced in court and remanded in 14 days' police custody.Thursday In another incident, Pintu Roy (30) a local was arrested on charges of allegedly raping a 65-year-old woman. He has been remanded to 14 days of police custody. Basantapur Kharagpur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17620044", "title": "'Parrikar fooling people on khazan land bill'", "text": "PANAJI: Accusing chief minister Manohar Parrikar and water resources department chief engineer S Nadkarni of trying to mislead people on the proposed bill for a Goa khazan land development board, the Pilerne Citizens Forum and grassroot activists, on Friday, questioned why the board needed powers to acquire and sell khazan land if it wanted to develop agriculture in the state.They warned that they would mobilize people to take to the streets if the government went ahead with incorporating the \"draconian provisions\" of the draft bill into the final act.Briefing mediapersons, PCF spokesperson Yatish Naik said, \"We reiterate that the draft bill is made at the instance of land sharks and vested interests that were putting pressure on the previous Congress government and now are putting the same pressure on the BJP government. Our memorandum to the water resources department is a detailed section-wise study of the draft bill. Sections of the draft bill empower the board to acquire and sell land. The chief engineer of the water resources department is trying to mislead the people of the state.\"Asked for the PCF's future course of action if the government tried to pass the bill into an act, Naik said that the BJP government was brought in by the people of Goa because of total misgovernance by the previous Congress government especially with regard to land issues like the regional plan.\"He (chief minister) is bound to respect the people of Goa,\" Naik said, adding that the people will come out onto the streets if the government tried to foist the act on the people.Swati Kerkar said that though the chief minister claimed that the draft bill was kept open for public comments, not much publicity was given to create mass awareness. \"This game will not work. The chief minister should know that the last government was sent home by the people of Goa because of this reason. He should take the people into complete confidence before doing something like this,\" she said.Said Bismarque Dias, \"The chief minister talks of transparency. In that case, he should have written to the gaunkars, the temples, churches and gram sabhas about this draft bill. This bill is to fool the people and to take away our fields. You don't need to acquire khazan land to develop it, you just have to support the farmers,\" Dias said.\"The government should instead focus on participative planning through gram sabhas and comunidades. The government should instead support us to save our lands. Khazan lands are the last bastion and identity of our gaunkary system. Every Goan should be made aware of the gaunkary system and this proposed bill,\" Dias added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17621080", "title": "Blank checks at State Banks", "text": "RANCHI: Banks, which common people of the state trust with their hard-earned money, are increasingly becoming a soft target for dacoits and robbers.However, the state of security system at such financial institutions is a cause of concern. Since June 2012, three banks in Ranchi and many others across the state's rural and urban areas have been targeted - in some cases, the robbers were a group of three people who were not even heavily armed.Ranchi SP (city) Vipul Shukla recently instructed banks to install CCTV cameras across the premises and tighten security measures on their premises.\"We conducted surprise raids at banks and came across several persons who did not have any job in the bank but were wandering around aimlessly,\" said Shukla. All local police stations have been instructed to monitor the movement of such suspected persons in banks, he added.When TOI visited the State Bank of India's Lalpur branch in the state capital on Friday afternoon, its main gate was unmanned and customers were going in and coming out of the building without any guard to keep an eye on them, frisk them or ask them about the purpose of their visit.Similarly, Bank of India's branch in the same locality had no security guard at its main entrance. A guard with a rifle was sitting in one of the corners inside the bank. At Allahabad Bank's Lalpur branch, which is a cash chest branch (where cash from other banks are kept) two policemen were on duty, but they were standing at least 10 meters away from the main gate.While Amit Chaudhary, manager of SBI Lalpur branch, refused to talk to TOI, another employee was little more forthcoming about the issue of security at financial centres.\"A police personnel from Lalpur police station keeps guard here,\" he said. Security advisor of SBI Ranchi Captain Sanjay Das also did not talk on the issue saying that it was a security matter. Higher officials in SBI said that the bank deploys enough security personnel at every bank branch.SBI AGM (PR) of Patna circle Umesh Mishra said: \"Guards from private agency or local police are in place to keep a check on crime at the places where internal security guards of SBI are not deployed.\"A group of three persons with few arms recently looted a rural bank in Ranchi's Nagri locality. Three masked criminals barged into Jharkhand Gramin Bank at Balalong area of Nagri and sped away on motorcycles after looting Rs 9.8 lakh at gun point.In September, three persons had looted Rs 4 lakh in cash and jewellery from Rainbow Creative Society in Doranda.The bank was situated in a market place and well within the city. A group of criminals arrived masked and took the staff in the bank hostage at gun point and ran away with the looted money.In June, another Jharkhand Gramin Bank was looted in Ranchi's Chutupalu by a group of five masked dacoits, who escaped with Rs 7.66 cash. Later, the police found the involvement of some local criminals in the incident and the case was solved. The bank did not have any CCTV cameras, the police claimed.Ranchi SP (rural) A V Minz said, \"Grameen banks, particularly those in rural areas, have poor security mechanisms and do not have CCTV cameras installed in the building. It is the main reason for banks becoming a soft target for criminals.\"The SP also accepted that because the banks are situated in far-flung rural areas it is hard to police them as frequently as those in the urban areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619449", "title": "Varsity-CII 'relevant' syllabuses by June 2013", "text": "PANAJI: Goa University and the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) have set rough deadlines for reviewing the existing syllabuses of various higher education courses by the end of January 2013 and framing new and relevant curriculums by June 2013.These will feature more research and innovative practices so that the graduating students in Goa are more employable.The decision was reached after a day-long seminar exposed Goa's key higher education stakeholders to innovative teaching practices in premier institutes such as Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS) and the National Assessment and Accreditation Committee (NAAC).\"The different boards of studies have only been cutting out what is irrelevant and replacing this with new text. We need to change this process slightly. We need to start a consultative process of what is expected in a student after completion of a higher education course. And this practice of overhauling the syllabuses can be done every decade,\" said Goa University vice-chancellor Satish Shetye.The former head of the national institute of oceanography (NIO) said college teachers will have to be open-minded to the change.CII chairperson Anil Kher, who was instrumental in organizing the seminar with the state government, said a major gap currently exists in what is expected of a graduate in Goa and what the new employee is actually capable of.\"Many a times it takes us months to make the graduates unlearn the old practices being taught in colleges before they are of some worth to the industries,\" said Kher. He told the representatives of higher and technical education institutes in Goa that motivation to make the change should be the main concern rather than worrying about where the funds for the giant leap will come from.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17619586", "title": "CBI seeks Aligarh Muslim University VC's nod to probe two professors for graft charges", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has sought the permission of Aligarh Muslim University vice-chancellor to initiate criminal proceedings against two professors of the university in a corruption case. The two professors employed with Ajmal Khan Tibbiya College, affiliated to AMU, allegedly recommended the accreditation of a private medical college by the Central Council of Indian Medicine (CCIM) despite the college failing to meet infrastructure and facilities standards set by the council.AMU executive council is likely to take up the CBI application on Saturday.The CCIM, a statutory body constituted under the Indian Medicine Central Council Act, is the apex body for framing and implementing of the regulations, including curriculum of the Indian Systems of Medicine, for undergraduate and postgraduate medical courses.Sources in the CBI said the agency is presently probing cases of corruption in which private medical colleges across the state and beyond managed to obtain accreditation from the CCIM despite not meeting the set guidelines. Initial inquires have revealed that the CCIM had appointed panels of doctors in different regions of the country to verify the specifics of the private medical colleges seeking accreditation.The two teachers under the scanner are principal of Ajmal Khan Tibbiya College Prof Saud Ali Khan and a professor - Abu Bakar Khan. Both were members of a panel formed by the CCIM to verify the facilities and infrastructure at a private medical college seeking accreditation. The duo reportedly submitted a report certifying that the institute in question met the CCIM standards. On the basis of this certification, the institute got the CCIM accreditation. However, following complaints of irregularities, the CBI conducted a preliminary inquiry and found that the panel had submitted a wrong report and that the college did not meet the mandatory norms for accreditation.Established in 1927, Ajmal Khan Tibbiya College is among the renowned institutions of Unani medicine in the country and situated on AMU's main campus. It conducts undergraduate and postgraduate courses in Unani medicine.This is not the first time that AMU faculty has come under the CBI scanner. On July 26, 2011, the agency had started a probe against the then AMU VC Prof Abdul Aziz following allegations of financial irregularities. The final findings of the case are yet to be submitted but preliminary investigations confirmed that the allegations were not completely unfounded.In 2010, the CBI had lodged two separate cases against officials of the CCIM and two medical colleges of Madhya Pradesh -- College of Ayurvedic Medicine, Gwalior, and Hospital and Shrimati Dhariya Prabhadevi Sojatia Ayurved Medical College, Mandsaur. The same year, CBI raided the offices of Rajputana Unani Medical College, Hospital and Research Center in Jaipur on a similar complaint. The CBI later found that after the CCIM recognition lapsed in 2008, a CCIM committee visited the college and found lack of infrastructure. The committee recommended the cancellation of the recognition. But two committees, one from CCIM and other from the Centre, which visited the college in February and September 2009, recommended that recognition could be granted as the college had the required infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17621651", "title": "Cop killed as smugglers attack police team", "text": "ALWAR: Arms smugglers shot dead a police constable and seriously injured an assistant sub inspector (ASI) in Dholpur's Diholi area when a police team raided a house in a village on Thursday evening.The police team had a tip-off about a huge consignment of arms hidden in the house. However, they were ambushed and attacked by a heavily armed gang of about a dozen criminals . Police teams have been rushed to Madhya Pradesh's ravine areas where the criminals are suspected to have taken shelter with the arms consignment.The ill-equipped police team had returned fire but was outnumbered by the opponents . Of late, Mewat has been facing an atmosphere of lawlessness and increased attacks on police. There have been three deaths of on-duty policemen in the region over the past one year.Failure to curb illegal mining, dacoit menace and arms smuggling in the region are major factors behind the deteriorating law and order situation . SP, Dholpur Harendra Kumar told TOI that Diholi police had got a tip-off about a consignment of weapons at the house of one Ramdeen Gujjar and his brother Amarsingh Gujjar.\"The village is notorious for arms smuggling. Both Ramdeen and Amar Singh are known smugglers. ASI, Suresh Kumar, had gone to the village on Thursday evening. When the team was approaching the house, they were ambushed by a dozen criminals armed with country-made guns. Ramdeen was among the attackers,\" said the officer.Ramdeen opened fire with his country made gun and the bullet hit constable Rajendra Singh in the stomach. One of attackers slammed a lathi on ASI Suresh Kumar's head leaving him seriously injured.\"The three remaining constables returned fire and the firing went on for about half an hour. However, soon the criminals started retreating and crossed the Madhya Pradesh border. The policemen informed senior officers and the police control room following which a team was rushed there,\" said the officer.Rajedrna Singh was rushed to a hospital where he was declared dead. Suresh Kumar is still undergoing treatment. Police said that nine police teams under the supervision of one additional SP, two Dy SPs and six SHOs have been formed and dispatched to various places in Dholpur and Madhya Pradesh in search of the attackers.The deceased police constable was a resident of Kuchera village near Achnera in Uttar Pradesh. He is survived by his wife, three daughters and a son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17620841", "title": "Rs 1-cr for Shiva pond makeover", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Lord Shiva is said to reside here in an unseen form. But Manikarnika Pokhari, the holy pond at Kapileshwar temple, in Samantarapur area of ward-56 in the city wears a shabby look with moss-ridden water, garbage strewn all around and the walls surrounding it crumbling fast.A hot spot for tourists and devotees, the site has witnessed a dip in footfall owing to lack of maintenance of the pond. The glory of the historic site, however, finally looks set to be restored with the BMC earmarking Rs 1 crore recently for the restoration of the pond.\"The location of the pond and its religious significance attract a large number of tourists. But for the last several years, there has been a fall in the tourist flow to the temple. After residents of the ward demanded the place be maintained properly, I put forward a proposal to the BMC, which has recently sent a proposal to the housing and urban development (H&UD;) department to renovate the pond. Around Rs 1 crore has been earmarked for its renovation,\" said Biranchi Narayan Mahasupakar, corporator of the area.Samantarapur also boasts of several other ancient temples, alongside the famous Kapileshwar, which attracts about 500 visitors every day. \"Lord Shiva breathes in the temple, which is felt by the devotees. After taking a holy bath in the pond, which cures all diseases, people enter the temple, where they experience lord Shiva breathing in and out,\" said temple priest Rajkishor Malia.The ward corporator informed the renovation project includes construction of toilets, separate drainage for waste water release, bathing complex, lighting around the pond, two pedestals for performing rites and rituals and a gym for the temple site. \"Once the renovation is done, more tourists will visit the temple complex, which will boost the economy of the ward. A lot of people are dependent on the local tourism,\" he said.The project plan, however, has left out a direct road connecting the temple, which is sorely needed. \"Tourists have to pass through several serpentine bylanes before reaching the temple. So we have also given a proposal to the Bhubaneswar NH division to construct a road that will connect the temple and NH-203. A detailed project report has been prepared for this,\" the corporator said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17621232", "title": "HC quashes case against two CBI inspectors", "text": "KOCHI: The case registered against two CBI inspectors for their alleged involvement in the suicide of their superior officer, ASP S Haridath, was quashed by the Kerala high court on Friday.Considering a petition filed by the two inspectors, S Unnikrishnan Nair and K K Rajan, seeking to quash the charges against them, justice S S Satheesachandran quashed the case and further proceedings against them.The two officers were part of the team led by Haridath that investigated the controversial Sampath custodial death case in which several officers of the Kerala police are accused.Crime branch wing of the state police, which is investigating the suicide of Haridath, had accused the CBI inspectors of abetment to suicide and fabrication of evidence. Ruling against the crime branch, the court held that the names of the two officers appearing in the suicide note of Haridath is not reason enough to register a case against them.The court also found meritless the statement by Haridath's wife that the ASP had faced pressure from his colleagues during investigation.Further, the court ruled as unbelievable the crime branch's argument that it was found during investigation that the two officers had threatened witnesses in Sampath case to obtain statements as they wanted so as to implicate or rescue some police officers.The case, registered against the CBI officers on the basis of the suicide note and meritless statements by the wife of Haridath and others, is not legally sustainable, the court held.The crime branch had informed the high court that Haridath's wife and brother-in-law gave statements under section 164 of Criminal Procedure Code (statement given to a magistrate) that the inspectors had forced Haridath to record statements of witnesses as they instructed.To augment this, crime branch had also collected statements of two officers of the Kerala police, who had turned approvers in Sampath case. They had told the crime branch that they were forced by the CBI inspectors to give statements according to the interests of the complainants in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17620640", "title": "Hooligans let loose reign of terror in fish market", "text": "BANGALORE: A mini-truck carrying crates of fish worth Rs 12 lakh was set on fire near Russell Market, Shivajinagar around 3am Friday.\"We received a call around 3.10am and two fire tenders were rushed to the spot. We salvaged fish worth Rs 8 lakh while stocks worth Rs 4 lakh were destroyed. We suspect excess heat generated by the vehicle's battery caused the fire,\" said a fire control room official.However, Shivajinagar police said that a gang of four members attacked the driver of the mini-truck and the cleaner and set the vehicle ablaze. They suspect the attack could be the handiwork of members of a gang of local goon, Pappu alias Fayaz Khan, son of slain rowdy Koli Fayaz.Shivajinagar police said a case of attempt to murder was registered against the accused who are absconding.Driver Shapi (28) and cleaner Bukhari (45), a native of Odisha, were hit on their backs with rods. They were coming from Mangalore and the stocks were meant for the fish market behind Russell Market. The two fled after the attack, following which the gang allegedly set the mini-truck on fire.A fishmonger claimed Pappu's men took away crates of fish from shops and sold them.Another shopkeeper said for the past few months, Pappu's gang had been harassing vendors. About 40 shopkeepers filed a complaint against Pappu and his men with Shivajinagar police on Thursday. The Friday morning attack could be in retaliation, shopkeepers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17623490", "title": "For medical colleges, govt to dangle the Naya Raipur carrot", "text": "RAIPUR: After failing to rope in any private players to set up medical colleges in the districts of Rajnandgaon, Bilaspur and Ambikapur, despite offering free land worth crores of rupees to them, the Chhattisgarh government may soon dangle the Naya Raipur carrot to get them going.According to sources the government's efforts to set up three medical colleges in Private Public Partnership (PPP) mode have been unsuccessful, despite easing the earlier stringent conditions. Private players in the field, however, find the proposal too \"dry\" in terms of profits. \"Medical colleges will run wherever you set them up but not super specialty hospitals that come with it. They have to be there where the money is,\" said a director of a leading private health care group on condition of anonymity. As reported in these columns earlier, the government had offered 25 acres of free land, worth rupees four crores, in the three districts. The government was hoping for a flood of applications but only one was received and that too rejected, as the company did not meet the basic qualifying criteria. The government subsequently relaxed some of its earlier conditions like companies having a turnover of Rs 50 crores, a net worth of Rs 30 crores and an experience of running a medical college with a minimum 50 seats etc. However, that has failed to elicit a positive response from the private sector. Sources claimed that the health department had held preliminary talks with at least three private players and they had shown interest in the projects albeit with a rider of land in Naya Raipur. Sources did not rule out the possibility of the government offering the private players some land in Naya Raipur for setting up a hospital provided they open medical colleges in the districts, more so for political reasons.Incidentally, Rajnandgaon is the assembly constituency of chief minister Raman Singh. In 1999 he had won the Lok Sabha elections from there.Sources claimed that the health department has already written a letter to Naya Raipur Development Authority (NRDA) requesting for land for the hospital. When contacted director Health Services Dr KPS Dhillon did not deny writing a letter to NRDA but refused to go into details on grounds that talks were still in the \"preliminary stages\".He however, said that the government would explore all possibilities to open the medical colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17620720", "title": "'Woman cashier's killer will be nabbed soon'", "text": "BHOPAL: Home minister Uma Shankar Gupta has assured the assembly that killer of MP state electricity board employee Mira Ahuja would be arrested soon. Ahuja was killed on December 1 this year.Replying to a call attention motion on the issue of the murder, the minister said the police have taken it as challenge and senior officer of the police headquarters have been monitoring the case.He also told the House that the way she had fought with her killers valiantly and her bravery would be honoured.Raising the issue, leader of the opposition Ajay Singh said the law and order situation in the state has collapsed as the woman employee was murdered at a place close to a police station. And 14 days after the incident, the police seem to be clueless.Govind Singh of the Congress said a woman leader of the employees of the electricity department had said that the place was not safe. He also wanted appointment on the compassionate ground to one from the family of Ahuja. He told the House that she herself had got the job on compassionate ground.The Congress also demanded action against the electricity board officials, who were responsible by not making proper security arrangements at the place where lots of cash was available every day.Denying charges of the poor law and order situation in the state, the minister said that there was a decline of 2.41% in cases of murder, 2.24 % in cases of attempt to murder, 15.38% in dacoity cases and 1.53% decline in cases of loot in the state.However, when local MLA Arif Aqueel wanted to raise two questions simultaneously, speaker of Vidhan Sabha Ishwerdas Rohani objected. This was followed by heated arguments between the two and Aqueel staged a walkout from the Vidhan Sabha proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621202", "title": "150 attend microbiology alumni meet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As part of the ongoing PGI golden jubilee celebrations the department of medical microbiology organized CME-cum-alumni meet on Friday, which was attended by more than 150 alumni of the department.PGI director Prof Yogesh Chawla enumerated the achievements and progress of the department since the inception of PGI. He also expressed his desire to start Infectious Diseases Fellowship in PGI which would be a combined effort of clinicians and microbiologists of the institute.The scientific session concluded with a debate on whether increasing automation in microbiology is making the microbiologist redundant. It was felt that there is a need to take care for the transition from laboratory microbiologist to clinical microbiologist. For this transition MCI should relook to the curriculum so that microbiologists coming out of the course can effectively communicate with the clinicians in patient management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17621027", "title": "Medical students to pledge support to elderly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of 150 students from Sola Medical College will visit Jeevan Sandhya, an old age home in Nava Vadaj, on Friday evening along with faculty members. The group will interact with the elderly and office bearers and will also take vow to support the elderly and parents.Talking about the initiative, Farsubhai Kakkad of Jeevan Sandhya, said that they were in touch with the college for the visit. \"We believe that schools and colleges teach you math , science and history but don't teach you to become a model human being or to respect parents. Thus, we have decided to approach the schools and colleges to organize visits to the old age home and spend some time with the senior citizens and listen to their tales,\" he said.He added that after the visit, the students will be encouraged to take a pledge to support the elderly in the society and to not send away parents in their old age. \"It is one of the ways to reduce the heart-wrenching incidents where the senior citizens don't have shelter to lead a dignified life in the end,\" said Kakkad.Such visits often leave a long-lasting impression on young minds, said the old age home officials. Narrating an example, the Jeevan Sandhya officials said that the physiotherapy center adjoining the old age home was built from the money collected by primary school students of a city school over a period of one month. The children are still in touch with these elderlies, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17620519", "title": "I-T raids on Navayuga group", "text": "HYDERABAD: A team of 80 Income-Tax (I-T) sleuths swooped down on the city offices of infra major Navayuga Group of Companies early on Friday morning. According to I-T sources, the search operations began at around 8am and are expected to continue until Saturday morning.\"Apart from the three offices, even the residences of the top brass were searched\" an official said, adding that the exercise was part of a nationwide search operation on establishments belonging to the group.By late in evening on Friday, the I-T department is believed to have seized a considerable amount of cash and documents from various locations. Officials, however, refrained from divulging further details.\"We are yet to consolidate all the seized material\" an official said.Sources further indicated that the chairman of the group was present at the time of the search.The income tax department conducted search and survey operations on offices of infrastructure player Navayuga group of companies across the state as well as in other states for alleged violations of tax laws.According to sources, the search and survey operations that began on Friday morning, were carried out simultaneously across all locations of the company by teams from the Hyderabad I-T department.While I-T officials refused to disclose any details about the operations, sources said the search and survey operations would continue till Saturday and the findings would be known only after the completions of the searches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17620339", "title": "CT raid on grocery trader premises", "text": "INDORE: In a raid conducted on Friday by sleuths of the commercial taxes department on premises of a city-based wholesale firm DS Sons, owned by Manoj Kumar Jain, 350 sacks of dried ginger and huge quantity of things like turmeric, walnut and black pepper have been recovered. Post-raid, the trader has deposited Rs 13,64,000, said deputy commissioner, anti evasion bureau of the department U S Bhadoria.The firm is involved in bringing the materials from outside the state and then selling them in wholesale within the state. Some of the premises of the firm where the raid was conducted by the department include Dewas Naka, Pillor Khurd and Ralamandal.The trader's office at Jawahar Marg and the owner's residence at Shalimar Township, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621240", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAll quit smoking\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Burail Jail in Chandigarh is about to set an example, many, even those outside the jail, would like to emulate.The prisoners, many of them hardened criminals have decided to support the jail management to make the premises smoke-free. Interestingly, the decision was not forced. Authorities took each of them into confidence before going ahead.Balbir Singh Dhol, additional inspector general (prisons), said prisoners were given the option to quit in their own time, but the eagerness they showed was unexpected. The number of smokers in the jail came down to 50 in the first month. In the third month, there were only 10 smokers. But now all the inmates have quit smoking and a complete ban on sale of cigarettes in jail shops has been implemented.Authorities are keeping an eye on inmates to make sure they are not taking alternatives sedatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17621544", "title": "3 hurt in clash between student groups at Sanskrit University", "text": "JAIPUR: Three students were injured in a clash between two student groups of Sanskrit University (SU), leading to chaos at Muhana on Friday.The incident occurred at 9.30 am when SU student union president and ABVP leader Dhanshayam Gautam got into a heated argument with NSUI leader Hanuman Singh over a past rivalry.The situation turned ugly when supporters of both the student leaders gathered around and threatened each other with dire consequences.Soon, both groups armed with baseball bats and helmets launched an attack. For nearly 30 minutes, the two groups went on hitting each other which left three youths with head injuries.The university management had to call the police which dispersed the crowd and took the injured to a hospital.Police detained around eight students for investigation.Following the clash, classes were called off till afternoon. Both groups filed separate complaints with the Muhana police station. After intervention by teachers, the groups dropped charges against each other.\"The detained youths were released as university has not filed any complaint against them and both parties reached a compromise at the station,\" said Muhana police.This is first case of violence reported in the SU campus which doesn't have a history of protests and demonstrations. The university administration, stunned by the act, refused to comment.Meanwhile, a clash between student groups was also reported in Sikar district on Friday. Students Federation of India (SFI) and ABVP members clashed with each other on the premises of a government college. The incident took place around 11 am when an SFI activist attacked an ABVP activist over a petty issue.Soon after the brawl, the ABVP activist from different colleges gathered at the college and challenged the SFI leaders. \"The display of hooliganism in the broad day light in the presence of teachers clears that political support granted to them,\" said college principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17620140", "title": "CM to review Kumbh preparations", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Expectations soared aplenty await the first visit of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav to the Sangam city on Saturday with both the party leaders and district authorities on their toes to earn accolades from the visiting dignitary. The day prior to his arrival was marked with cycle rallies taken out by party activists to approach the masses and tell them about the much awaited visit. With a mega event like Kumbh-2013 round the corner, eyes of party leaders and public alike are set on the chief minister making some big announcements in terms of providing better infrastructure to the city and ushering developmental schemes.Stating that despite an overbearing potential of tourism, the city stands nowhere near Varanasi, senior party leader Shashank Tripathi said: \"The city has immense potential for tourism and the only need is promotion from government quarters which would catapult it on the world tourism map. But to do so we require state of the art infrastructure in terms of roads, transport round the clock water and electricity supply.\"He said, however, the first priority is to successfully conduct the Kumbh Mela as it would be the cynosure of all eyes during the next two-three months and would also go a long way in projecting a better image for both the city and state throughout the world.On the other hand, leaders of party's youth wing, including Abhishek Yadav, feel that apart from providing more job opportunities to the youth of the city, focus should also be on setting up institutes of national eminence like All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), a national law university and perhaps a technical institute like IIT. , opined youth leader, Abhishek Yadav.He, however, added that these issues do not demand urgency at the moment as the party right now is focussed on improving it's tally in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections and once it gets a sizeable number, these projects would soon see light of the day.Likewise, the lawyer community which is also in an upbeat mood over the visit of chief minister, feels that introducing welfare measures for the lawyer community would definitely act as a milestone in improving the lot of lawyers. Moreover, sanctioning doles in the form of unemployment allowance for young lawyers during first three years of practice would serve as a major booster and draw more towards this profession, said member of governing council, High Court Bar Association (HCBA), Ajay Singh. He added that benefit schemes like pension for old lawyers, is a measure which needs serious thinking because some other states are also thinking on similar lines.Meanwhile, posing a set of questions BJP leader Yogesh Shukla said that chief minister should announce dates for distributing laptops and tablet computers to high school and intermediate passouts and also waive off loans amounting to Rs 50,000 of the farmers. Besides, he should also address the issue of releasing water in canals and check the rising crime graph of the state.Last but not the least, the eight winning candidates of the Samajwadi Party (SP) during the 2012 assembly elections still await nomination in the state cabinet even as a relatively smaller district like Pratapgarh, where the SP could bag only three out of the seven seats, two of the winners have been decorated with cabinet berths.During his three-hour visit to the city on Saturday, the chief minister after his arrival by helicopter at the Police Lines at ground at 8.45 am, would inaugurate the newly constructed Alopi Bagh flyover in the city and thereafter proceed to the Kumbh Mela area to take stock of the preparations.In the afternoon, he would take part in a marriage ceremony at the house of a judge of Allahabad High Court and leave the city for Lucknow by helicopter at 1.40 in the afternoon, informed former SP city president K K Srivastava.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619139", "title": "FIR against Dy SP Shamba Sawant for land grab", "text": "PANAJI: The anti-corruption branch of the vigilance department has filed a FIR against DySP Shamba Sawant and his brother Laldas for criminal conspiracy along with officials of the revenue department and Serula comunidade, for allegedly using fraudulent means to grab comunidade land at Alto Torda, Porvorim.The case was registered on Friday after ACB inquired into a complaint lodged against the DySP alleging that he was occupying nearly 3,000 sq m of land belonging to Serula comunidade at Vijaynagar, Porvorim, and that he has constructed a bungalow there.ACB SP Bosco George, in the FIR, said preliminary inquiries revealed that Shamba and his brother hatched a criminal conspiracy with revenue officials of Goa government, Salvador do Mundo village panchayat and Serula comunidade authorities and that the police officer misused his official position and used fraudulent means to grab comunidade land.The FIR says the land was encroached upon by Laldas claiming to be a mundkar living in a small structure and later transferred the structure to Shamba's wife Kranti, in violation of Mundkarial act. He also requested Salvador do Mundo panchayat to transfer the house tax in her name.From P 1A case has been registered under Section 120-B of IPC (criminal conspiracy), 468 of IPC (forgery) and Section 13(I)(d) (ii) and Section 13 (2) of Prevention of Corruption Act 1988.The preliminary inquiry was conducted by verifying files pertaining to the land title, mutation, mundkarial proceedings, etc.The inquiry revealed that on January 29, 1993, Laldas applied to the Bardez mamlatdar seeking to register himself as a mundkar of a small house in Alto Torda. The talathi's endorsement made no reference to any house number while the survey number shown was 111/0, which was later altered to 109/0. The alteration was done using ink while the other contents had been typed, the FIR said.The inquiry also showed that the structure did not exist as on the stipulated date March 12, 1976, as required under the Goa Mundkarial Act, 1975, for it to come under the purview of dwelling house in terms of Section 2 (i) read with Section 2 (p) of the Act.Laldas, born in 1961, claimed in an application that he was staying there prior to 1975 but an ACB inquiry revealed he had left Vasco-based Mata secondary school in 1978, and had earlier been living in Surla.ACB also said the land survey plan of 109/0 doesn't show any house and land records confirm this. The land claimed under the mundkarial act is yet to be purchased, the inquiry said.Physical verification of the site revealed that many vehicles, reportedly repossessed by finance companies, were seen parked within the compound of the DySP.Shamba is under suspension for the last few months in connection with a complaint filed by a woman constable from crime branch against him. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17621499", "title": "Land allotment for ceramic zone to begin soon", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government is planning to allot land for the glass and ceramic zone developed over 750 acre in Gilot, a top official of the RIICO said on Friday. He said rates have already been fixed and the government is talking to Gas Authority of India Ltd ( GAIL ) to provide gas linkage to the zone.\"Recently we have fixed prices for the land which is Rs 2,500 per sq metre. However, we will give discounts to companies setting up projects on bigger plots. Allotment of land is expected to start from June next year,\" said Naveen Mahajan, managing director, RIICO, on the sidelines of an event organized for CeraGlass India 2012, which starts from December 15.The four-day CeraGlass India, a business-to-business trade fair, will showcase and promote the latest in the ceramics and glass industry, be it the raw materials and finished goods or advanced machinery and the best technology.\"The expo will feature the most advanced technologies and trends in ceramic and glass sector,\" said Sunil Arora, principal secretary, industries.The international trade fair is being jointly organized by RIICO (Rajasthan State Industrial Development and Investment Corporation), CII (Confederation of Indian Industry) and the Government of India. It will witness participation from 10 states along with exhibitors from five countries-China, France, Germany, Italy and Korea.CII chairman Dileep Baid said though the country's ceramic and glass industry is valued at Rs 18,000 crore, it still remains largely unorganized. He said the ceramic zone being developed in Gilot will provide a definite shape to the industry.Rajasthan is home to 80% of the raw material used in the ceramic and glass sector and such events along with the dedicated zone in Gilot will give a fillip to this industry in the state, said Shreekant Somany , co-chairman, CeraGlass India 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17618536", "title": "Dafedar keeps Mumbai boys' challenge alive", "text": "MUMBAI: Khizar Dafedar hit an unbeaten 55 (112b, 9x4) and added 75 for the fifth wicket with Shams Mulani (36 not out, 82b, 4x4) as Mumbai, in reply to Saurashtra's 266, were 187 for four by the close of play on the second day of their Vijay Merchant Trophy (U-16) match at Bhavnagar, on Friday.Earlier, Saurashtra, resuming at 189 for six, added 77 runs to their total. Abhal Karetha hit an unbeaten 80.Brief Scores: Saurashtra 266 (Abhal Karetha not out 80, Jyortir Purohit 70; Nishant Williams 2-38, Omkar Jadhav 2-44) vs Mumbai 187-4 (Khizar Dafedar not out 55, Shams Mulani not out 36).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "17620058", "title": "Palamu case accused arrested", "text": "BAHRAICH: Dileep Sharma alias Mukhia, the prime accused in Palamu murder case in Jharkhand, has been arrested by Jharkhand police assisted by Bahraich police. Sharma, who was also accused of 10 other murders, has been found with several mobile phones and SIM cards reportedly being used to extort money from victims.Dileep had committed a murder at Umro Kala village in Jharkhand on September 18 and had been on the run since then. According to Jharkhand police the head woman of Umro Kala village Hussain Bano had registered the case of murder against him. His current location was traced through surveillance in Chilwaria town of Bahraich district.He had been taking shelter in Chilwara in a rented house and told neighbours that he was working in a sugar mill. He had his network not only in Bahraich but also in Jharkhand and had travelled to Nepal several times as well. Police has recovered nine different SIM cards, four mobile phones, three chargers and cash from his room. Jharkhand police produced the accused at CJM court and submitted an application for his transit remand. The judge handed over Dileep's custody to Jharkhand police.Police said that a member of the family where Sharma had taken shelter in Bahraich also works in the Gulf. Mathew said that mobile police have been deployed on duty at sensitive market areas in Japla to build confidence among the traders in wake of Sharma's extortion calls.Apart from extortion, Sharma is also a named accused in the murder of Shafique Khan who was shot dead in Japla about two months ago, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618876", "title": "Cancer patients at mercy of apathetic government", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite Nagpur having the highest number of cancer patients among four major cities in Maharashtra - Mumbai, Pune, Aurangabad and Nagpur - the state government in general and the medical education department in particular, have no money for providing even the basic treatment facilities. The radiotherapy department at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) is literally on oxygen and so are the patients. Every year, as many as 2000 new patients are registered for treatment here.The department not only lacks proper equipment for treating cancer patients but also technicians to run them. So far, it has managed to survive mainly due to the head of the department (HoD) Dr Krishna Kamble, who continues to lead the department even five years after his retirement in 2007 on a meagre honorarium, albeit without any appreciation at local or state level. In fact, he has been instrumental in getting four post graduation seats last year. It also happens to be the only radiotherapy department in the state to have a PG course.Suresh Kale, a social worker who is also suffering from cancer since last one year, has been one of the victims of the pathetic situation at GMCH. Moved by the plight of other patients, he gathered a few patients and started a dharna few days back. However, instead of promising to look into the issue, medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit expressed his helplessness in the matter when Kale met him on Thursday.Kale said Gavit clearly told him the government has no money to buy equipment and that he didn't want to give false promises. The only hope the agitating patients got was an assurance of bringing a call attention motion by Dr Deepak Sawant, a Shiv Sena MLC. \"There is a waiting list of three months. So, only those who survive 3-4 months can expect some treatment here,\" said Kale sarcastically.If one looks at the GMCH data for the past two decades, the number of patients treated annually has been increasing and now above 2000. \"From 1982 till this year, there has been some change in the incidence of different types of cancer. Two decades ago, cervix cancer was heading the list, followed by breast cancer. Now, 30% patients are suffering from head and neck cancers. Blood cancer is observed more among children,\" said Dr Krishna Kamble.Sadly, in these two decades GMCH has only got a new cobalt unit in 2006 after the first one, which was operational since 1982, became defunct. Excessive use of the machine has reduced its efficiency to the lowest level. Another major equipment the department has is a brachytherapy unit procured in 2009, which is used to treat cervical cancer in only certain conditions. Under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthaya Suraksha Yojna (PMSSY), the department got a treatment planning machine for Rs62 lakh against a proposal of Rs1 crore recently. But all these equipment have come from the funds under some or the other scheme or project from the central government. The state government has not contributed anything at all.In fact, the state government has not even bothered to replace the retired technicians (four). All the existing equipment are run by just two technicians with a load of about 250-300 patients daily. One of the serving technicians is pregnant and not doing the job to avoid exposure to radiation. Earlier, radiotherapy was a part of the radio-diagnosis department but when the department bifurcated it did not get any new technicians. \"Our department lost an opportunity to get funds from both the central and the state governments. State said the department got PMSSY funds so it would not give funds. Central government too refuses Rs20 crore PG upgradation on this pretext,\" said Dr Kamble.Both Dr Kamble and dean Dr Rajaram Powar told TOI that the department urgently needs at least two linear accelerators, one for conventional treatment and a modern version, and a simulator. \"We knocked doors of all funding sources like the central government, the local DPDC and the state medical education department but could not get anyone to put in so much money. The linear accelerators alone cost Rs10-20 crore (conventional and modern),\" said the dean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620687", "title": "Transgenders in new flap at Sabarimala", "text": "CHENNAI: Women have always been barred from Ayyappan Temple at Sabarimala in Kerala, but the temple board is now facing the issue of whether or not to allow transgenders.A number of transgender devotees from Chennai say they have visited the temple, though dressed as men. \"I have been going to Sabarimala for the past five years. I wear a sari in Tamil Nadu. At the border, I change into a shirt and a dhoti. Last year, many transgenders in women's attire were stopped at Erumeli. Though we explained that we don't have menopause issues, the temple authorities and police stopped us. Since I was in a dhoti, I was allowed through and had darshan,\" said R Sadha, a transgender from Chennai.Temple officials say they haven't had to deal with transgenders visiting Sabarimala before. \"The issue is new to us. We will stop them if they are in women's clothes. The temple bars women between the ages of 10 and 50. We will not allow them beyond Pampa. We will discuss this issue at the next meeting of the devaswom board,\" Sabarimala executive officer Sankaranarayana Pillai told TOI. A few years back the temple was rocked by a major controversy over a woman actor alleging that she touched the Ayyappa idol.Transgenders say they would like to go to the temple in women's attire. \"I have been accepted as a transgender by the state government. Why should I be asked to wear a man's clothes?\" says Shanthi Bharath, who is visiting the temple for the first time.\"It is difficult to spot a transgender in a crowd of lakhs during the season of October to January. If we spot a woman and find that the person is a transgender, we will ask them not to go further,\" Sabarimala ADGP Chandrasekar said. \"There are no clear cut rules and the court has not given us any guidelines on the issue of transgenders. We advise transgenders to avoid the Sabarimala shrine,\" he said.Many of them were born male and the temple should not bar them from having darshan, said Kalki, a transgender activist. \"We don't have any issues such as menstrual cycle or menopause so we should be allowed into the temple,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17620243", "title": "French ban on turban unjustified: UNHRC", "text": "AMRITSAR: The UN Human Rights Committee (UNHRC) has ruled that French ban on wearing of \"conspicuous\" religious symbols in schools - introduced in a law adopted in March 2004 - violated a Sikhs student's right to manifest his religion, protected by the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR).The UNHRC ruling has come on a complaint filed by Bikramjit Singh after he, along with two more Sikh students, was expelled from Michel High School in Bobigny town, in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, for wearing keski (small turban) to the school in 2004.\"The UNHRC has once again proved to be the beacon of light for the freedom of thought, conscience and religion by upholding that the Article 18 under the ICCPR to manifest one's religion cannot be overridden,\" said Mejindarpal Kaur, legal director of the United Sikhs, a Sikh NGO, while talking to TOI over phone from Paris on Friday.She said the committee accepted that the wearing of a turban was regarded as a religious duty for a Sikh and was also tied in with his identity and that France had not justified the prohibition on the wearing of the turban.She further said that the committee accepted that France was entitled to uphold the principle of secularism. She said that the panel went on to express that France had \"not furnished compelling evidence that by wearing his keski, Bikramjit would have posed a threat to the rights and freedoms of other pupils or to order at the school\".Kaur said that less than a year ago, the UNHRC had also concluded that France had violated the religious freedom of 76-year-old Ranjit Singh when he was asked to remove his turban for his ID photograph.Bikramjit, who after being expelled from his school had completed his education privately, is now a project engineer with an engineering firm in Paris.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "17621711", "title": "Gorkhaland Territorial Administration roots for Lepcha Development Board", "text": "DARJEELING: The Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) Sabha on Friday adopted resolutions to take measures to protect the interest of different tribal communities living in the hills of Darjeeling. Among these is the formation of a Lepcha Development Board within the ambit of GTA.The marginalized Lepcha community, the sons of the soil of Darjeeling, had been demanding for some time that a development council be formed to take measures for their protection. They had held agitations on several occasions, in Darjeeling as well as in Kolkata, in support of this demand.Last year, West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee had agreed to set up a Lepcha Development Council and had obtained the stamp of approval of the state assembly.\"We have spoken to the Bengal CM and asked her to form the LDB within the GTA,\" GTA chief executive Bimal Gurung said after the meeting. The GTA Sabha would have no objection if the state government formed the LDB, it was stated.The GTA Sabha adopted another resolution, approving the formation of similar development boards for other tribal communities in the Hills. \"We do not want the other tribal communities in the Hills to feel discriminated and so have adopted this resolution to form boards like the LDB for them,\" Gurung said.Communities like Tamangs, Sherpas, Bhutias, Limboos and Yolmos have a sizeable presence in Darjeeling.The meeting which was attended by all the 50 members also adopted a resolution demanding tribal status for all the Gorkha communities of the Hills, leaving out the scheduled caste community. It was a part of the memorandum of agreement signed between Gorkha Janmukti Morcha and GTA.Among the five resolutions adopted at the meeting, one was the demand for making Nepali the official language of use in all GTA offices. \"We want Nepali language be made the official means of communication in the GTA offices,\" GTA Sabha chairman Bhupendra Pradhan said.Nepali language has been included in the eight schedule of the Constitution in 1992. The state government has also made Nepali the official language for the three Hills sub-divisions.\"We want Nepali language to be used in practice in the offices unlike at present where Hindi, Bengali and English are the only languages,\" said Pradhan. Incidentally, Lepchas are also demanding protection to their language.The GTA Sabha has also demanded inclusion of the other areas of Terai and Dooars in the GTA.\"We want the Terai and Dooars areas to be included in the GTA. Our demand has already been taken up by the state government who has formed a three-member verification committee,\" said Gurung. While GJM had demanded that 396 mouzas in the Terai and Dooars be included in GTA, the Justice Shyamal Sen committee had recommended for the inclusion of only five mouzas.The fifth resolution adopted was distribution of the old age pension to senior citizens. \"We will distribute Rs 500 per month to senior citizens who are above 70 years. But, those already getting pension from the state and central governments will not be eligible to receive them from the GTA,\" said Gurung. At present, the government provides Rs 1,000 to tribals and Rs 400 to non-tribal senior citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620315", "title": "Dissolvable stents to be sold in India", "text": "MUMBAI: Cardiac patients across India will soon have a new option while seeking treatment for their hearts. Within the next 10 days, they can ask for a bio-absorbable stent, which will completely disappear some 18-odd months after it's fixed in their blocked blood vessel. At present, metallic stents that permanently stay in the blood vessel are the most-sought-after treatment for cardiac diseases.The bio-absorbable stent's upcoming commercial launch follows an approval given by the Drug Controller General of India to multinational firm Abbott Vascular after a review of the results of a trial, involving 100 patients. \"The patients were doing well during a six-month follow-up. The results are as good as metallic stents,\" said the trial's Delhi-based principal investigator Dr Ashok Seth.Each of these stents will cost around Rs 3 lakhHowever, the drug-coated absorbable stent comes with a premium price tag. \"It will cost Rs 2.85 to 3 lakh each, and the entire hospitalization may cost a patient over Rs 4 lakh for a single stent,\" said a hospital administrator. In contrast, imported drug-coated permanent metallic stents cost Rs 1.3 lakh each. Senior cardiologist Dr A B Mehta, of Jaslok Hospital, said, \"The absorbable stent may only be used for a few wealthy people in the city.\" However, Seth said, \"We are still negotiating the cost with the company as the absorbable stent will be beyond the reach of the common man in India.\"But experts said there is no denying that the absorbable stent is an evolution. \"It's the dawning of a new era. From using balloons in the 1970s, we have now evolved to absorbable stents,\" said Dr Ganesh Kumar, of Hiranandani Hospital, Powai. He said the bio-absorbable device, in fact, should be called a scaffolding and not a stent. \"A stent is a permanent metallic device, while this one will dissolve completely within two years,\" he added.Experts list three major advantages of the absorbable scaffolding. \"There is no question of stent thrombosis (clotting) because the scaffolding dissolves,\" said Mehta. Seth said the biggest advantage is that patients will not need to take two anti-platelet (blood-thinning) medicines for years on end. City-based cardiologist V T Shah said patients will need to take two blood-thinners till the scaffolding dissolves. \"Thereafter, they will need to take only one for up to two years,\" he added. Long-term studies will show whether blood thinners need to be taken at all in the long run.At present, patients with stents can never be asked to stop taking their blood thinners for fear of some clotting occurring in the stent. \"So patients with stents who need to undergo another operation, such as knee replacement or dental implants, are at risk of excessive bleeding. They cannot risk stopping the blood thinners,\" said Shah.The scaffolding may be the best invention for cardiac patients who require treatment in their 30s or 40s. \"The scaffolding will dissolve and doctors can use any mode of treatment in the future, even a cardiac bypass surgery,\" said Seth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17620091", "title": "Sukhniwas Saastha Mandal celebrates silver jubilee", "text": "INDORE: Sukhniwas Saastha Mandal (SSM), a registered non-profit charitable society at RRCAT Colony celebrated its silver jubilee recently. The SSM was established in 1987 with the aim of spreading Lord Ayyappa's message of universal love, brotherhood and harmony through various cultural, educational, social and spiritual activities.\"The mandal is a registered organization and has been in the forefront in fulfilling the cultural and spiritual life of the residents of RRCAT Colony and its adjoining areas for the last 25 years,\" said Balanpillai Devdasan, adding that during the three-day (December 7 to 9) long celebrations, Ganapati Homam followed by Lord Ayyappa pooja was performed. On the first day, after pooja, bhajan by Saastha Mandal was arranged. It was followed by sangeet sandhya by Sugam Sangeet Parivar, Indore, where Pawan Bhatiya and his team enthralled the audience with melodious old and new everlasting songs.While on the second day, talpoli (tradition holy lamps carried by girls) took place, accompanied by chenda melam (traditional drum percussion) by artists from Kerala. It was followed by arati and fireworks which was witnessed by thousands of devotees from Indore and elsewhere. This was followed by prasad distribution.Thereafter a Kathakali, the classical art form of Kerala, was staged. On the third day, annadanam (bhandara) was arranged for about 5,000 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17620929", "title": "Non-Bodos raise pitch for review of BTC Accord", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Sanmilita Janagosthiya Sangram Samiti (SJSS), a conglomeration of non-Bodo organizations, raised the demand for review of Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) Accord in front of the assembly complex here on Friday.SJSS leaders claimed that unless the accord is reviewed and amended, conflict in Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD) will persist and security of non-Bodos living in the area will always be at stake.\"The accord itself is a faulty. That is why BTAD frequently plunges into ethnic conflicts. Before signing of the accord in 2003, the views of non-Bodos, who are in majority in the present BTAD, were ignored. This is an undemocratic accord and threatens the security of non-Bodos. So, it has to be reviewed and necessary amendments should be made so that the rights of non-Bodos are not affected,\" said SJSS convener Hareswar Barman.Barman also expressed concern over the demand for Bodoland state raised by different Bodo organisations, saying that a separate state for the Bodos would spell doom for non-Bodos because their rights will further be curtailed in a tribal state.\"We are opposed to ethno-national aspiration expressed in the demand for separate Bodoland. This is historically untenable because a substantial part of the present BTAD was ruled under Koch kingdom and people from different ethnic communities lived for ages. Our movement is to oppose any kind of political arrangement for a particular ethnic group,\" added Barman.SJSS chief convener Brajen Mahanta said the state government should immediately rehabilitate the displaced people still living in relief camps without any further delay. He also asked the government to expedite the process of seizure of illegal arms in the hands of miscreants in BTAD.\"As long as illegal arms remain in the hands of miscreants in BTAD, there will be more killings. So, the duty of the government is to ensure security of the people by seizing all illegal arms as early as possible,\" added Mahanta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620162", "title": "Cops register case for copyright Act violation", "text": "LUCKNOW: A case of violation of Copyright Act was registered by police against an upscale hotel near Vibhuti Khand railway crossing on Friday evening. The hotel management was accused of deceiving the service providers of general entertainment and sports channels by an agency that has been authorised by private channels to carry out anti-piracy raids on their behalf.The said hotel was allegedly showcasing sports events live to large group of people without permission. Manoj Kumar the representative of the agency said that the hotel also was commercially exploiting the usage rights of the service providers in more than 49 rooms, in clear violation of the laid down conditions. The case was registered at Vibhuti Khand police station and the investigations were underway, confirmed the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17620758", "title": "Shanmugham leaves behind lasting legacy", "text": "BANGALORE: Life, for Thulukhanam Shanmugham, was as intense as a football game. Throughout his illustrious career, he braved hardships with perseverance, won recognition through hard work and lived a disciplined life by the rule book - virtues he learnt from the world's most played sport.But late on Thursday, the final whistle was blown. The soft-spoken Olympian and Asiad gold medalist breathed his last after a prolonged illness at his residence in Indiranagar. He was 93.Shanmugham approached football with the discipline and self-control that he brought to every aspect of his life. He had a dutiful fan following at the Bangalore Football Stadium, which he used to frequent for local league action.Usually a reserved person, mention football and Shanmugham's eyes used to light up in excitement. \"He becomes very animated when talking about football. His memory was sharp and people loved listening to his stories, how football was in the golden years,\" said Shanmugham's youngest grandson Dinesh.Shanmugam's love for football began by dribbling tennis balls at the erstwhile Garrison Sports Ground (now Manekshaw Parade Ground). Fascinated by the dexterity with which the Englishmen were playing the sport, most of his school days were spent mastering the game in Austin Town, the hotbed of Bangalore football.HIGHLIGHTS:1951 : Member of the gold-medal winning Asian Games team. 1952 : Part of the Helsinki Olympics team. Played against Denmark, Switzerland, Sweden and Germany", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17619659", "title": "Executive accused of raping ex-girlfriend", "text": "MUMBAI: A marketing executive was arrested by the Gorai police on Tuesday, after his former girlfriend lodged a complaint of rape.The accused, Jayesh Shenvi (27), and the victim worked for the same organization. The victim complained that Shenvi made a false promise of marriage and got intimate with her, even taking her to a Bangkok trip. Later, when the victim learnt that Shenvi planned to marry another woman, she met his parents, but was turned away.A metropolitan court at Borivali remanded Shenvi in police custody till Saturday. Shenvi's counsel, Kshiij Mehta, said the victim is three years older than the accused. \"She had a consensual relationship with Shenvi for two years and has only filed a complaint now to annul his wedding that was scheduled to take place on Sunday,\" Mehta said. The victim alleged that Shenvi took her to resorts in Gorai and Thane, where he got intimate with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17623068", "title": "Pakistan make two changes to Asian CT squad", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan have made just two changes to their national hockey squad for the Asian Champions Trophy to be held in Doha, Qatar from December 20 to 27.The head coach and manager of the national team Akhtar Rasool announced on Friday that Mohammad Rizwan junior and Muhammad Umar Bhutta had been dropped from the squad that finished with the bronze medal in the recent Champions Trophy in Melbourne.\"Rizwan is medically unfit and Bhutta we felt didn't give a satisfactory performance in Melbourne ,\" Rasool said.Surprisingly the management which selects the national squad has retained goalkeeper Imran Shah despite his poor form in the Champions Trophy.Also retained are seniors including Shakeel Abbasi and Waseem Ahmed while Muhammad Imran has been retained as captain.The other teams in the Asian Champions Trophy include India, Malaysia, Japan and China.The squad: Imran Shah, Imran Butt, Syed Kashif Shah, Muhammad Imran (Capt), Muhammad Rizwan Senior, Muhammad Tousiq, Fareed Ahmed, Rashid Mahmood, Muhammad Waqas (Vice-Capt), Shafqat Rasool, Abdul Haseem Khan, Ali Shan, Muhammad Ateeq, Waseem Ahmed, Muhammad Kashif Ali, Shakeel Abbasi, Muhammad Irfan and M. Salman Hussain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17621584", "title": "Fire breaks out at ink factory, 3 injured", "text": "KANPUR: A major fire broke out at an ink factory situated in Dada Nagar area of the city on Friday afternoon. A short-circuit is believed to have triggered the accident in which three workers of the factory were injured and two were reported missing.The fire reduced most portions of the factory to ashes. It took 10 fire tenders from Latouche Road and Colonelganj fire stations several hours to douse the flames. Their task was made tougher by the presence of chemicals in the factory.According to the firemen, there were 15 workers present in the factory at the time of the incident among whom three were badly injured. Two of the workers are missing from the spot, they said, adding that all the ink stock at the factory and chemicals worth crores were gutted in the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17619931", "title": "Son-in-law held in Thane murder case", "text": "THANE: The police on Friday arrested the son-in-law, Paresh Thakkar, of Maya Arvind Bahulekar (63), a widow who was killed by her foster son in the Chendni area of Thane (W) late on Wednesday.Earlier, the police had arrested the victim's foster son Anil Shripat Raibole after he confessed to killing the senior citizen. Raibole had claimed that he had acted on Thakkar's instructions. Cops said that though a clear motive was yet to be established, investigations showed that Thakkar, who was upset with his mother-in-law, used Raibole to execute the murder.It is learnt that Thakkar was residing in Bahulekar's house after marrying her daughter. His poor finances and drinking habits led to arguments between the senior citizen and Thakkar, who then allegedly roped in Raibole to execute the murder with the promise that he would pay him Rs 50,000 for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17620093", "title": "Jewellery shop staff dies under suspicious condition", "text": "INDORE: A 32-year-old man died under suspicious condition at a jewellery shop in Sarafa area here on Friday. The deceased was identified as Narendra Soni, 32, son of Navratan Soni, and a resident of Vidya Palace Colony. He was working as a salesman with Anand Jwellers in Sarafa for the last 19 years.Investigating officer KS Parmar said that Narendra, on Friday, came to the shop at around 11.30. He was removing his shoes when he fell down. The shopkeepers took him to a local doctor who referred Narendra to a hospital in Clock Market. When the shopkeepers reached there, doctors declared him brought dead. From the hospital, police were informed about the incident. The body was later sent to MY Hospital for autopsy.Parmar added that the police are waiting for post-mortem report which may clear the reason of the death. After the report, police will begin their investigation, said Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621374", "title": "Day of fruitful learning", "text": "LUDHIANA: Good nutrition is an essential part of growing and keeping this in mind toddlers at ABC Montessori School, Basant Avenue celebrated fruits day on Friday. The schoolchildren came dressed as fruits such as - mango, orange, apple, pineapple, strawberry, litchi and plum, to make the celebration more fun. As a part of the celebrations, a variety of activities were also organized for kids. Students were also asked to name a fruit for each letter for the recognition of phonetic sounds of alphabets.A fruit chat was also made by the teachers and distributed among all children. School director Charandeep Singh Dua said, \"Teaching preschoolers is a challenging yet rewarding experience.Preschoolers are full of energy so we must find methods of educating them while keeping in mind their attention span. Interactive teaching and using action-based activities are the best methods for teaching preschoolers.\"Tiny tots enjoy visit to templeFor educational and recreational purposes, Mother's Pride School organized an outing for children. The tiny tots and the teachers of the school were taken for a visit to the magnificent temple at Sai Dham situated at Hambran Road on Friday. Children enjoyed worshipping and singing bhajans. Prasad was distributed while they were given moral and religious values.Children also had a gala time playing with swings, Hooplas, Balls and catching butterflies and flowers in the sprawling lawns of the temple. School director Shobhan Soi, gave the children message of love, fulfillment and joy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17620356", "title": "NSUI activists create ruckus at Oriental University", "text": "INDORE: The activists of NSUI on Friday created ruckus at the private Oriental University premises, blackened the nameplate of vice chancellor KL Thakral and locked up the classes. They alleged that the university administration was levelling charges on them only to divert attention from the controversy over non-approval of institution. They demanded to return the money of students.General secretary of NSUI, Javed Khan said that they had sent a legal notice to Oriental University for levelling extortion charges but they failed to submit their reply.\"We had gone to talk to them and press for our demand to show the document pertaining to necessary approvals but they refused to talk. They are talking to media and levelling baseless charges against us but they are not ready to talk to us,\" Khan said, adding that this attitude of university's administration irked the NSUI members who vandalized the college and locked up classes.NSUI activists said that they will not allow institution to run unless and until they show proper documents or return the fees of students.\"We are going to file defamation suit against institution for levelling baseless charges and damaging image of our leaders and organization,\" Khan said.NSUI is protesting against the university for last one week and on Thursday, NSUI served a legal notice to the varsity authorities for maligning image and demanded a written apology.On Wednesday, chancellor of private Oriental University KL Thakral accused one of the leaders of National Students' Union of India (NSUI) of trying to extort Rs 25 lakh from him to settle the raging protest over running unapproved courses in the varsity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17619064", "title": "Matthew Prior again proves he thrives under pressure", "text": "NAGPUR: At 139-5, with England's best batsman back in the pavilion and a debutant at the crease, the situation was ideal for India to wrap up the innings quickly.But in came England's crisis man \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Matt Prior \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and underlined his growing reputation as player who revels under pressure.While Alastair Cook has piled up the runs, Kevin Pietersen has looked to dominate and England spinners have laid India low, Prior's gutsy knocks in the series have mostly gone unnoticed.On a pitch where stroke-making is fraught with danger, Prior displayed a steely resolve and an effective technique to meet the challenge head on.His 103-run sixth-wicket stand with Joe Root could prove crucial in the context of the match as well as the series. Prior was clearly the calming influence for Root in a tense situation.When England were looking down and out in Ahmedabad, Prior was the man who ensured that his team got as close as possible to India's huge total.Then again, when India looked like wrapping things early after England's second-innings collapse, Prior stood like a rock and stretched the game to the fifth day.Till he lobbed an easy catch to Pragyan Ojha, England even looked like saving the game. It was his gutsy effort and Cook's resilience that lifted the morale of the England dressing room.It wasn't something Prior had done for the first time. During the last Ashes series, he made valuable contributions in Melbourne and Sydney to help England break a 24-year-old jinx Down Under.Last year, it was Prior who prevented the collapse against India in the Lord's Test and snatched the momentum from the tourists. In Nottingham, his aggressive half-century not only tore apart the Indian bowling but their morale too.England might have lost their World No.1 status but Prior did play a big role in their rise to the top. In fact, he nearly prevented South Africa from becoming No. 1.Till Prior was there, England were always in the game despite suffering a middle-order collapse.The ability to turn a match on its head makes Prior a formidable opponent. Prior's exploits in the last five years make him one of the best wicketkeeper-batsmen of his time, someone who is equally good in front of and behind the stumps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17621570", "title": "Probe against JMC CEO begins", "text": "JAIPUR: The divisional commissioner on Friday started probe against the Jaipur Municipal Corporation CEO who had allegedly misbehaved and abused councilors in his office.After 20 JMC councillors submitted their resignation demanding action against the CEO, chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Thursday appointed divisional commissioner to probe the matter.Statements of the councillors were recorded by the divisional commissioner Madhukar Gupta in his office. The report will be presented to the chief minister within two weeks.The Congress councilors also claimed that mayor Jyoti Khandewal should not interfere in the probe as she has never supported them. \"Mayor has not supported her own party councillors and now she's intruding in the probe to get credit. We have demanded no involvement of mayor,\" said ward number 10 councillor Mohini Kanwar.Since October 26, Congress, independent and nominated councillors are running from pillar to post demanding action against the CEO over the issue. The councilors have even boycotted the general body meeting (GBM) and met chief secretary C S Mathew and PCC chief Chandrabhan.The councillors presented a memorandum and a video CD prepared from a CCTV footage exhibiting the CEO's alleged misbehaviour.It must be mentioned that during heated argument, the CEO had allegedly misbehaved with Archana Sharma, councillor of ward number 41, and her husband and asked them to leave the office. The CEO also lost his temper and used abusive words since the councillors were forcing him to sanction development work in their wards.Congress councillor Sunita Mahawar, said, \"Since long our demand was unheard so this is the only way out. The officials at the JMC continue to misbehave with the ward councillors and despite being part of the ruling party, the high command is letting this happen. If the chief minister cannot take action against the CEO, he should accept our resignation and send it to the district collector for approval.\"For three years at a stretch, bad blood among the mayor, councillors and the administrative officials has turned JMC into a political battleground, severely hampering development work in the city.Till date, six chief executive officers have been transferred in three years as they were in conflict with the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17620843", "title": "Day 5: No solution to Haj house issue", "text": "AURANGABAD: There was no consensus between the district administration and Haj House Sangharsh Samiti on the fifth day of the indefinite hunger strike called by its leader Abdul Azim.Scores of people including corporators from across party lines gathered in front of the district collectorate on Friday to protest against the administration's failure to provide land for the construction of Haj House.Speaking to TOI, Azim said, \"We have been demanding a piece of land for the construction of Haj House in Aurangabad for the past two years, but the local administration did not pay any heed to our pleas, in spite of the fact that the state government had cleared the proposal and government had also allotted funds for its construction.\" District collector Kunal Kumar has sought 15 days to solve the issue.The state government had allotted Rs 4 crore two years ago which remains unutilised. Earlier, the government had proposed various sites including Aamkhas ground, Shah Suqta Dargah ground, then in Rauza Bagh and one near Shahi Masjid. All the sites proposed by the government had some tangles, said Janata Dal (secular) state general secretary Ajmal Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620296", "title": "RLD against reservation in promotion bill", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD), a key ally of the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre, has opposed the reservation in promotion bill.Speaking to reporters in Lucknow, RLD state president Munna Singh Chauhan said the reservation might only be given at the time of recruitment and not in promotion, which, instead should be based on ability and seniority. \"We would demand the Centre to reassess the bill,\" Chauhan said.This is perhaps for the first time that RLD, post UP assembly elections, has deferred from the stand of the Congress. RLD national president, Ajit Singh , happens to be a Union civil aviation minister at the Centre. The party, otherwise, has been quite vocal in its stand while supporting the foreign direct investment ( FDI ) in the retail sector. Chauhan said that the bill will certainly cause resentment amongst employees.At the same RLD attacked the Samajwadi Party alleging it of cheating people. RLD state president announced a statewide agitation, 'Vaada Nibhao Andolan', against the Samajwadi Party-led state government in Uttar Pradesh from Saturday. Chauhan said that the party workers would stage dharnas in various districts in protest of Samajwadi Party not abiding by the promises it made to the people in its party manisfesto during the assembly elections.He said that the state advisory price (SAP) announced for the sugarcane farmers would not benefit the farmers much.\"It was the same party which had announced SAP of Rs 350 per quintal to the cane farmers,\" the RLD leader said. \"Farmers are forced to sell off their produce to the middlemen at considerably lower price,\" he said.The party also demanded allocation of land in west UP for a new bench of Allahabad high court. The demand coincided with the agitation staged by lawyers in Ghaziabad on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17620673", "title": "Limbavali's garbage woes begin where Ashoka's end", "text": "BANGALORE: There appears to be a fresh dimension to the city's simmering garbage crisis, going by happenings in political circles. Differences in the perceptions of two powerful ministers appear to be at the root of the crisis.Deputy chief minister and in-charge of Bangalore city R Ashoka's approach revolves around a belief that his problem ends with the lifting and dumping of garbage generated by the city. However, health and family welfare minister Aravind Limbavali's problems begin once the waste is dumped in Mandur, which falls in his assembly constituency, Mahadevapura.Mandur villagers have been restive over the dumping of tonnes of garbage in their midst. They've set BBMP a deadline of February 1, 2013, to stop dumping, which the civic body has promised to abide by.With the deadline just 45 days away, chief minister Jagadish Shettar convened a meeting of the two ministers, BBMP officials and state BJP president KS Eshwarappa on Saturday to discuss the matter.The city's garbage crisis has another dimension: the tussle between old and new garbage contractors. Ashoka is believed to have hammered out a compromise by allowing old contractors to operate in some zones.But the garbage issue has remained intractable. Mandur villagers complain they are being made scapegoats and forced to accommodate most of the garbage.LANDFILLS IDENTIFIEDThough the government has identified land at Chikka Nagamangala in Sarjapur hobli, Koratagere in Tumkur district and Doddaballapur, the process of acquiring it is yet to commence, sources said.\"In Chikka Nagamangala, of the 94.35 acres identified, only 31.21 acres are available for dumping. In Doddaballapur, 476 acres are available and Koratagere has another 600 acres. The government has to initiate the process to acquire these lands so a clear title can be issued,'' sources added.When resistance to dumping flared up in Mandur, Shettar had brokered an agreement between the BBMP and the villagers. \"The agreement specified that 270 garbage trucks were to go to Mandur. The number of trucks had to be reduced by 75 every month till January 31. In November, the number should have dropped to 150, in December to 75 and in January to 25. It hasn't happened,'' the sources explained.The CM has held eight meetings since the garbage crisis erupted, but all in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17620968", "title": "Only 21 traffic guards for more than 2.92 lakh vehicles", "text": "BOKARO: More than 2.92 lakh vehicles run on Bokaro roads everyday and 20,000 new vehicles join the rush each year. And there are 21 traffic guards to manage these all. If this sounds unbelievable, then belt up for bumpy ride ahead.With the team of district traffic police comprising only 21 constables and hawildars (of them six are women) and one sub-inspector, traffic in Bokaro is virtually running at god's mercy.Number of vehicles is rising every year in the district with rise in population. At present, the population here is about 20 lakh and there are 2.92 lakh vehicles, of which Of them, there are 9662 trucks, 388 buses, 43744 cars, 4418 taxis, 7406 jeeps, 9610 three-wheelers,2.25 lakh are two-wheelers. Yet authorities are doing little to provide more guards not only to ensure smooth traffic flow but also to avert road accidents.Mukund Singh, DSP-headquarters with additional charges of traffic, helplessly talks about how his \"small team\" struggles. \"During traffic jams and blockades, they have to face more difficulty,\" he said.Two years ago, Singh said, the department had asked for more traffic personnel from the government as the posts of assistant sub-inspectors, sub-inspectors and inspectors were vacant. Several requisites were sent after that, urging for more manpower. But nothing has been done till date even as the government incurs revenue losses to the tune of Rs 5 crore due to the crisis.Against the allotted annual collection target of Rs 32 lakh, some district traffic police are only able to collect Rs 10,000-20,000 a month by slapping fines on traffic violators. While the amount went up during the festival season in October with deployment of more guards - collection was about Rs 30,000 - in November, it was only Rs 12,000.The crisis is also putting pressure on the 21 traffic guards as they are working extra hours. Each guard works from 8 am to 9 pm. The exhaustion was apparent when recently Singh asked them how many wanted to go back to the police line. Barring one or two, everyone raised their hands.Apart from DTO and traffic police there is also one motor vehicle inspector, Tarun Kumar, but for all the departments the dearth of manpower is main constraint to handle the traffic hurdles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17621448", "title": "'Right to recall is victory of the common man'", "text": "From being a small town politician to hogging national limelight by winning the trust of voters when they exercised their first 'right to recall' vote in Rajasthan, Manglore Nagar Palika chairman Ashok Jain is a happy man. With Anna Hazare cap on his head, he says his fight is against corruption. Excerpts of an interview with him -What are your reactions on the election results?Jain: It is definitely the victory of the common man. I had joined Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Admi Party in November. As people know that the party is fighting for the right to recall an elected public representative, I am happy that the elections were held. I have retained my chair, but the bigger thing is that the elections have shown people's mandate against corruption and political manoeuvering. These elections will pave the way to increased awareness among people about their democratic rights in our municipality area.Did caste, money or religion-based politics play any part in your victory?Jain: I am a minority in my municipality area as there are only 20 Jain families living here. There are about 3,500 voters from the Mali community, about 5,500 Muslims and about 3,000 from scheduled castes besides nearly 150 families from the general category. So, one can see, the caste politics cannot play any part in my victory. I had not spent a lot of money on my elections except a very little amount on hoardings and banners.You have accused a senior Congress leader of lobbying against you.Jain: That is correct. I had won the election for the chairman post in November 2009. The candidate from the Congress party came second in the counting. I soon realized that it had become an ego issue for the local legislator and senior Congress leader Pramod Jain Bhaya. The municipality members from the Congress as well as BJP voted in favour of a no-confidence motion against me. I challenged my rivals to prove any case of corruption that took place during my tenure, but they failed to do so.How do you see the 'right to recall' system in Rajasthan?Jain: It is surely a great tool for people to exercise their democratic rights. I think the voters in my municipality area are smarter now and they know that they are empowered. However, the 'right to recall' is still a very complicated procedure in Rajasthan. It should be made smoother and less complicated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17621193", "title": "Skepticism over move to shift Air India Express headquarters", "text": "KOCHI: The efficacy of the proposed shifting of Air India Express (AIE) headquarters here will largely depend on the level of powers that will be devolved, and the expats and travel agents are still skeptical about the seriousness of the move.According to aviation experts, the shifting of headquarters will have a salutary effect if the officers at the level of deputy chief controllers to be posted here are vested with sufficient discretionary powers. For instance, the deputy chief officer (operations) can find out the availability of crew and location using the Airport Resources Management System (ARMS) software and work out a crew scheduling for the next month, they said.He will be able to enforce mid-course correction on crew deployment in accordance with the changes in crew availability and requirement. However, the concurrence of the Integrated Operations Control Centre (IOCC) located in Delhi will be required for this. Similarly, the deputy chief officer in charge of flight scheduling can customize the scheduling after assessing the ground realities, and enforce changes in between.The posting of a deputy chief officer in charge of finance will expedite the productivity-linked bonus or commission to the travel agents, which in turn will incentivize them to provide more business to the budget airline, they said.The travel agents and NRKs (NRK) suspect that the shifting of AIE headquarters will be enforced only at a notional level. \"Going by the past experiences, it is difficult to believe that the Mumbai-based staff and crew will be ready to shift to Kochi. The airline management may shift some people for certain periods to avoid criticisms, but they would be sent back after sometime. The only result then could be some additional payment of out-station allowances to those employees,'' said Biji Eapen, president of the IATA Agents' Association of IndiaResponding to complaints that shifting of AIE headquarters will not be effective if IOCC continues to be located in Delhi, the minister of state for civil aviation K C Venugopal said this would happen eventually.Abdul Khader, who has been in the UAE for the last 30 years and runs the Al Sahal Group of companies there, said the shifting of AIE headquarters should not be a ploy to slow down the launch of the state's own airline, Air Kerala.\"Let this shifting become a reality, then we can talk about it These kinds of talks and declarations had been happening on several occasions in the past,'' said K B Murali, president of the Abu Dhabi-based Kerala Social Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17623162", "title": "Stigma hits vasectomies in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Men are reluctant to undergo non-scalpel vasectomy (NSV), a permanent birth control measure for men, as they are afraid that they would lose their macho. They are also afraid that they might be looked in a different way by their relatives and people in the society, said Dr S M Ravi, deputy director of medical, rural health services and family welfare, Madurai district.Despite extensive awareness programmes conducted by the health officials at the grass-root level in both rural and urban areas, not many men are coming forward to undergo the vasectomy. The number remains very less when compared to females, who undergo tubectomy for sterilisation, said the doctor.Even as the Union government insist health officials to achieve at least 10% vasectomy from the total number of tubectomies performed, but hardly one per cent is achieved in the district. According to data available with the deputy director's office, 15,434 tubectomies were performed in 2008-2009 (April to April) compared to just 86 vasectomies.Similarly, 15,560 tubectomies were performed in 2009-2010 against 159 vasectomy surgeries; 15,150 tubectomies in 2010-2011 compared to 108 and 15,305 against a meagre 77 in the year 2011-12. The trend remains unchanged even for the year 2012-2013 (up to November 2012) as 9,397 tubectomies were performed compared to 45 vasectomies.A Kalithas, district mass education and information officer (in-charge) said, \"We do not see any improvement in the trend even as we are working hard from the grass-root level. We conduct awareness campaigns every month. Apart from which, video clips highlighting the uncomplicated vasectomy procedure is screened in rural areas,\" he said.Inbaraj, 44, a private hospital manager, who recently underwent a vasectomy surgery, said, \"It was a simple procedure and I went on to carryout my regular work just after a day. Although I insisted some of my friends and relatives to undergo the surgery, they denied due to social stigma,\" he said.\"Men should come forward for vasectomy. It is a very simple procedure which hardly takes 10 minutes to complete and needs no bed rest. Whereas women , who undergo tubectomy need three days hospitalisation and 10 days observation along with 15 to 30 days bed rest,\" said the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17621738", "title": "Modi, Keshubhai campaign in central Gujarat", "text": "VADODARA: Chief minister (CM) Narendra Modi and his bete noire former CM and Gujarat Parivaran Party (GPP) chief Keshubhai Patel addressed poll rallies in central Gujarat on Friday.It was for the first time that Patel travelled extensively in central Gujarat to campaign for his party. Modi addressed public meetings in Jhalod, Morva Hadaf, Padra, Khambhat and Anand, while Patel did so at Kalol, Santrampur, Fatepura and Chhota Udepur.At Kalol, Patel compared Modi's regime with that of a dictator. He raised the issues of commercialization of education, farmer suicides and injustice to the tribals of the state. At Padra, Modi continued his tirade against UPA chairperson and Congress president Sonia Gandhi. He said she had once again not done her homework properly and added that the UPA gave more money to the state than the previous NDA regime. Modi claimed that Gujarat got Rs 8,000 crore less every year after the UPA came to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621730", "title": "Goons threaten doctors over fair-price store", "text": "KOLKATA: A group of doctors has complained to the police that they have been threatened by goons not to ask patients to buy medicines from the new fair-price shops set up at the behest of chief minister Mamata Banerjee .The FIR says the doctors were also coerced to refer patients to two specific pathology laboratories.The threat to government doctors at a premier hospital in the city has rattled the medical community. What's worse, the police seem to have taken the complaint lightly. Although the FIR was filed on December 7, Jadavpur police station started a case a week late, on Friday, only when the media got wind of it.What's also worrying is that the doctors were threatened four days before the fair price shop was inaugurated at MR Bangur. There is widespread resentment among medicine shop owners regarding the fair price shops although it's a pet project of the chief minister. About 50 pharmacies in Midnapore town had gone on a snap strike on December 11, the day minister Chandrima Bhattacharya inaugurated one such shop in Midnapore Medical College. A cardiac patient allegedly died because his son could not find a single shop open to buy the medicines. Mamata herself launched one at Calcutta Medical College and Hospital that day.The FIR says that two \"local goons\" accosted some junior doctors at MR Bangur's out-patient department and threatened them with dire consequences unless they sent patients to private medicine shops outside the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17618899", "title": "Pakistan interior minister Rehman Malik compares 26/11 carnage with Babri", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik dealt a blow to the efforts to normalize bilateral ties by raking up the Babri issue and seeking to draw a parallel between destruction of the mosque and terror attacks including the 26/11 carnage in Mumbai.\"We don't want any 9/11, we don't want any Mumbai bomb blast (attacks), we don't want any Samjhauta Express blast and we don't want Babri masjid issue,\" Malik said, stunning his hosts into silence and souring the positive vibes over the new visa regime designed to facilitate travel between the two countries.Although he concluded by saying that he wanted to work for peace between the two countries and in the entire region, his reference to Babri was seen as a provocation. This was the first instance that a visiting Pakistani dignitary had waded into the sensitive Babri issue.Malik was speaking impromptu after he, along with home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde , had launched the liberalized visa regime as part of the painstaking effort to repair the relationship mauled by the ISI-backed Lashkar gang who ravaged Mumbai in November 2008.The foreign ministry had reservations about having Malik over at this juncture, and his conduct may validate the misgivings. He twice cited killing of Pakistani citizens in Samjhauta blast almost as a counterpoise to the terrorist attack on Mumbai, besides, predictably, rejecting India's argument that it had given enough material to Pakistan to act against Lashkar chief Hafiz Saeed.Reacting to his comments, former Indian high commissioner to Pakistan G Parthasarthy said, \"This shows the folly of inviting a Pakistani leader without any political standing who would only try to appease domestic opinion and the army.\"The remarks Malik made earlier, at the airport on his arrival, on Captain Saurabh Kalia of Indian Army could also have been better framed. Kalia was tortured and his body mutilated after he was abducted and killed by Pakistani troops during the Kargil war in May 1999. Malik's arrival coincided with the Supreme Court issuing a notice to the Centre on a petition by Kalia's father that Pakistan be tried in the International Court of Justice for violation of Vienna rules on the humanitarian treatment of prisoners of war.Asked about it, Malik started alright. He pleaded ignorance of the facts of the case but said he would be happy to meet Kalia's father. \"Whenever any human being dies nobody hesitates to say sorry for that,\" he said. However, Malik went on to add that he was not aware whether Kalia died of a Pakistani bullet or just fell victim to harsh weather: a formulation which seemed insensitive considering the tell-tale marks of torture on Kalia's body.The Pakistani minister said his government wanted to work on improving bilateral ties and even suggested that India should move beyond 26/11, asserting that \"Pakistan will leave no stone unturned to punish those involved in the Mumbai terror attack\". He further said, \"We can work together not only for peace in Pakistan and India but also for the region.\"Malik's remarks are not a happy augury for the patient fence-mending the two countries have been engaged in. In fact, his hosts in the home ministry looked distinctly awkward and the atmospherics tense as Malik spoke.Shinde, who appeared to have been caught unawares, gathered his nerves to tell Malik that Pakistan needed to make good its promise to bring to book the 26/11 masterminds, stressing that it has not been fulfilled yet. \"You have been outspoken on all fronts. But we in India keep on talking that earlier on several occasions, the promises were made and that (they) were not fulfilled. Today, you have made the promise again. I am quite confident that both the countries will go forward in bilateral cooperation,\" he said.Importantly, however, Malik made it plain that India could not expect any concessions from Pakistan on the issue of its failure to punish Lashkar chief Saeed and other 26/11 masterminds. He cited three court orders exonerating Saeed. He said Pakistan could not go by just the statement of Ajmal Kasab or India's dossier on the Laskhar chief, ignoring India's contention that it had given enough material to Pakistan to probe Saeed's role.He spoke of propaganda, blamed the tension between the neighbours on non-state actors and tried to draw equivalence between Saeed and the killing of Pakistani nationals in the bomb attack on Samjhauta Express. \"I have been receiving dossiers with only information,\" Malik said at the airport, echoing Pakistan's charge that India has given no evidence on Saeed's complicity in the attack on Mumbai.He continued in the same vein when he addressed reporters after inaugurating the new visa regime. \"I know there have been questions on Hafiz Saeed and obviously this is the demand from the people of India. Exactly in the same way, when the Samjhauta blast happened, people of Pakistan were actually asking what had happened,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619309", "title": "Burglar held, booty worth Rs 3.61L seized", "text": "PUNE: Pune crime branch on Friday claimed to have detected five cases of house break-in and thefts following the arrest of a burglar with police records. The police have recovered gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 3.61 lakh from him.The police have identified the suspect as Suhas Waman Sutar (49) of Tingrenagar, currently residing in Solapur. Sutar has been involved in burglaries since 1986. He has 200 cases of burglaries and thefts registered against him in Pune and other cities. He was convicted by the court in cases of burglaries and thefts in the past and was in Yerawada central jail till September this year.After his release, he went back to committing burglaries in Pune as well as in Solapur, said Balkrishna Kutwal, inspector of the anti-organised crime cell (North region) of the crime branch.Police constable Tanaji Kable had received a tip-off that Sutar would be in Vishrantwadi to commit a burglary. \"We laid a trap and nabbed him,\" Kutwal said.During sustained interrogation, Sutar confessed his involvement in five burglaries in Vishrantwadi, Bhosari, Sangvi in Pune and in Solapur. \"We have recovered 120g of gold ornaments and 101g of silver ornaments of Rs 3.61 lakh from him,\" he added.\"Sutar used to travel to Pune from Solapur in the evening. During the night he used to commit burglaries and return back to Solapur in the morning,\" Kutwal said.The investigating team comprised of police constable Popat Gaikwad, Subhash Jadhav, Suresh Manchekar, Baba Karche, Ramesh Gaikwad, Krishna Badhe and Shivraj Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17621172", "title": "Debt recovery tribunal serves show cause notice on promoters of DCHL", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a double whammy for the beleaguered Deccan Chronicle Holdings Limited (DCHL), a local court on Friday issued summons to its three promoters to be present before it on February 14 even as the debt recovery tribunal in response to a petition filed by Axis Bank issued show cause notices to the three honchos directing them to explain before January 18 as to why their assets should not be attached.The third additional chief metropolitan magistrate court of Hyderabad on Friday issued summons to T Venkatram Reddy, the chairman of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL)and M/s Flyington Freighters Pvt Ltd, ordering him to be present in the court on February 14 in connection with a cheque bounce case filed against him by PVP Capital Limited, a Chennai-based non-banking financial company. Two other promoters of Flyington T Vinayak Ravi Reddy and P K Iyer too, were issued summons directing them to appear before the court on February 13 in the same case wherein all the three promoters had failed to repay the loan and issued cheques that eventually bounced.According to G Ashok Reddy, the counsel for PVP Capital, they filed the case after exhausting all options available to them. M/s Flyington Freighters Pvt Ltd approached PVP for a Rs 20 crore short term loan for 90 days in July 2012 and all the three promoters of the company, Venkatram Reddy, Vinayak Ravi Reddy and P K Iyer stood as guarantors to the loan. A facility agreement too was entered into between Flyington and PVP Capital on July 25, 2012, to this effect.Both Flyington and its three promoters issued postdated cheques to PVP towards repayment of principal and interest and executed promissory notes promising to pay the outstanding sum to PVP, the petition said.Following this, a sum of Rs 5 crore was given as first part of the loan on July 25 and the tenure of the loan period was to end on October 23, 2012. But the company failed to repay the loan before the due date. \"When we presented the cheque dated October 23 given to us by the accused, the Banjara Hills branch of ICICI Bank returned the same on October 29, stating that there are no sufficient funds in the account,\" PVP said.\"When we brought it to the notice of the accused, he (Venkatram Reddy) expressed his inability to pay the said amount,\" Dhiraj Kumar Sinha, the authorized representative of PVP Capital said in the petition. Even a legal notice yielded no results, and hence this complaint under section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act, he said. He urged the court to take cognizance of the complaint, summon the accused, try and punish them in accordance with the law apart from imposing a double penalty on them.Meanwhile, the Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT) in Hyderabad on Thursday issued show cause notices to the three promoters of DCHL asking them to explain by January 18 as to why their assets, both movable and immovable, should not be attached. The tribunal was responding to a petition filed by Axis Bank which sought recovery of its loan amount of Rs 418 crore given to DCHL. Axis Bank in its petition said that it extended the loan to DCHL in June 2011 and in March 2012 in the form of a term loan ( Rs 175 crore), Over Draft ( Rs 125 crore) and Cash Credit ( Rs 100 crore). \"The company stopped paying us even interest now and the total outstanding amount with interest has now gone up to Rs 418 crore,\" V Dharma Suri, the counsel for Axis Bank, told the tribunal. Several assets of DCHL and the two promoters were mortgaged to bank and the same was registered with the registrar of companies, the counsel said.The default is deliberate and the DCHL management is intentionally avoiding the bank officials, Dharma Suri said. The bank also sought an injunction against the management of DCHL from transferring the assets of the company in favour of third parties during the pendency of this case. It also sought attachment of all movable and immovable assets of the company and the directors. The bank also sought the appointment of a receiver by the tribunal to dispose of the assets of the company to clear the dues. The matter was posted to January 18 for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620612", "title": "Man ends life as family rejected lover", "text": "CHENNAI: A 27-year-old man who was dejected for not being able to get married to his relative, committed suicide by hanging at his uncle's house in Manali on Thursday.Police said Jothimani, a manager in a private travel agency here, was in love with a relative in Vandavasi. Both the families opposed to the wedding and the girl got engaged a few days ago. Jothimani's family got him engaged to another girl a couple of days ago.Dejected at not being able to marry the girl he loved, he committed suicide by hanging. His uncle Anand who had gone on a pilgrimage returned to the city and found him hanging from the ceiling fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618752", "title": "Crisis man Prior comes good again", "text": "NAGPUR: At 139-5, England's best batsman back in the pavilion; a debutant on the crease, things couldn't have been more perfect for India to wrap up the innings quickly. In comes the crisis man of England and bailed them out of trouble yet again. Matt Prior has grown in reputation over the past two three years, thanks to his ability to play under pressure.Before 2010, he was more popular in India for jellybean incident but his fighting knocks in the last three-four years have changed the perception. While the experts have praised the contribution of Alastair Cook's batting; the dominance of England spinners; reintegration of Kevin Pietersen , the tourists wouldn't have got the same success without Prior gutsy knocks in every match of the series so far.The Nagpur wicket was looking very difficult for stroke-playing, as Pietersen too described. Another wicket and India would have smelled the blood. Prior, though, again showed his steely resolve. He is a fierce competitor, loves the challenges and generally thrives on them. He did it again in company of Joe Root. His 103-run sixth wicket stand could prove crucial in the context of the match as well as the series. Prior was clearly the calming influence for Root in the tense situation.When England were looking down the barrel in Ahmedabad, Prior was the man who ensured that his team gets as close as possible to India's huge total. Then again, when India looked like wrapping things early after second innings collapse, Prior stood like a rock and extended the game to fifth day. Till he lobbed an easy catch to Pragyan Ojha , England were looking like saving the game. It was his gutsy effort, along with Cook, that lifted the morale of the England dressing room. The message was loud and clear for India: We are no pushovers. He has made useful contributions in previous three matches and Nagpur Test was no different.It wasn't something Prior was doing for the first time. He has already done it in the past for numerous situations. During the last Ashes, he made valuable contributions in Melbourne and Sydney to help England break the 24-year-old jinx. Last year, it was Prior who prevented the collapse against India at Lord's Test and snatched the momentum from the tourists. In Nottingham, he aggressive fifty not only tore apart the Indian bowling but their morale too. England might have lost their World No.1 status but if they reached at the top, a lot of credit must go to Prior. In fact, he nearly prevented South Africa from becoming No. 1. Till Prior was there, England were always in the game despite the batting collpase.The ability to switch the game according to situation makes him more dangerous. He has solid defense as well as all the strokes in the book. Unlike some his other teammates, he plays the spin quite well. While he uses the crease well, Prior never shies of stepping out of the crease.At 30, Prior's exploits in the last five years have already made him the best England wicketkeeper ever. In the past, some were good in front of the wicket, some were behind, this man has is equally adept at both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17620293", "title": "Statewide protest by govt employees paralyses work", "text": "KANPUR: Functioning in government offices across the state was affected for the second consecutive day, as employees shunned work while protesting against the quota in promotion bill on Friday.In Lucknow, protesting employees, under the aegis of Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, locked the gates of various offices and did not allow the reservation supporters to enter the premises, forcing them to protest in retaliation. Some of the samiti members, who were staging a protest march along Vidhan Sabha Marg in Hazratganj started raising anti-BJP slogans outside the party office. This sparked fresh trouble with some of the BJP members entering into a heated conversation with them. The agitating employees were dissatisfied with Saffron party for declaring its stand on the controversial bill.Shailendra Dubey, president of the Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, addressing protestors said the amendment bill is \"dangerous\" and would severely damage careers of the officers in the government. \"If the quota in promotion bill is passed, it will be implemented with retrospective effect from 1995, and 15 to 20 years junior SC/ST employees will be made your boss,\" he warned the striking government employees. Dubey pointed out that the implementation of the bill would mean that more than two lakh general and OBC category employees would also be demoted.Employees of local bodies including those from the 13 municipal corporations and development authorities in the state too supported the strike call given by the Samiti. General secretary of Sthaniya Nikay Karamchari Mahasangh, Shashi Mishra said that the employees are all geared up for agitation from Monday. Employees of Lucknow Development Authority too stopped work leaving scores of visitors in the lurch. President of LDA Employees Officer Association, Shiv Pratap Singh said that the employees will continue to strike until the quota bill is not taken back.Similar protests were held in various districts of the state including Kanpur, Varanasi and Allahabad. In Varanasi, employees of 28 departments associated with Vikas Bhawan Rajya Karmachari Sangh staged a dharna in front of Vikas Bhawan. While criticising the bill, the employees pledged to continue opposing the bill. The employees said that the Centre has humiliated 78% population of the country by bringing the SC/ST quota in promotion bill in the Rajya Sabha. They also criticised Bharatiya Janata Party for not making its stand clear on this issue.A similar agitation was also organised in Allahabad in which employees abstained from work and raised slogans against the Centre. Employees of various government departments held a protest meeting at Vikas Bhawan.Employees' association leaders said that the decision would adversely affect the interest of employees from general and other backward categories, as they would be deprived of chances of promotion in government jobs.In Jhansi hundreds of government employees staged a protest in Betwa Bhawan, which houses the office of state irrigation department. Employees said that the Centre's move to push through the bill, despite Supreme Court ruling, will lead to chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17621900", "title": "Archdiocese backs divorce act norms", "text": "BANGALORE: The Archdiocese of Bangalore filed an affidavit before the Karnataka high court on Friday supporting the existing provisions of the Divorce Act, 1869.The Act prescribes two years or more as separation period before filing of petitions for dissolution of marriage among Christians by mutual consent.\"The Roman Catholic Church (RCC) has always been of the firm conviction that marriage between a Christian couple is a sacrament. However, with all Christian citizens living in India being governed by the Constitution, the RCC recognizes that principle of equity of all citizens be adhered to it and thus it may appear that it should be one-year period for Christians too. Given sufficiently long time, the Christian spouses stand better chance of sorting out their difficulties and differences and bring about settlement between themselves,\" Archbishop Bernard Moras said in his affidavit.Shivakumar had challenged Section 10A of the Act, which prescribes a two-year period prior to filing of a divorce petition by Christians. The petitioner's contention was that this was arbitrary as the Special Marriages Act, Hindu Marriage Act and Parsi Marriage entail only one-year period.As the Church of South India (CSI) did not file any response to the PIL, a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen appointed advocate Ruben Jacob as amicus curiae to assist the court before adjourning the hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17621737", "title": "Woman tied to chair, strangled", "text": "BANGALORE: A 23-year-old woman was found dead, tied to a chair in Shantinagar , Devanahalli on Thursday. The deceased, Begum from West Bengal, was apparently strangled to death.Police said for she was staying with a man known as Raja. The couple claimed to be husband and wife.On Thursday, the house owner discovered foul smell emanating from Begum's room. He peered through the keyhole and saw Begum sitting motionless in a chair.Cops suspect she may have been killed by Raja at least four five days ago. Police have registered a case and are on the lookout for Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "17621274", "title": "'See Alappuzha' project to tap tourism potential", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The district administration is all set to start a new tourism project titled 'See Alappuzha' in a bid to tap the tourism potential of the district. The project will be launched as part of the Beach Festival and it will be executed by District Tourism Promotion Council (DTPC).\"We have rolled out 'See Alappuzha' in tune with the 'See Kuttanad' Project (circular boat service to Kuttanad) of State Water Transport Department. As per the project, we will start circular bus services to the tourist destinations in the district. The buses will be operated to tourist destinations like Ambalappuzha Sree Krishna Temple, Arthunkal Church, Edathua Church, Mannarasala Sree Nagaraja Temple, Chettikulangara Bhagavathy Temple, Krishnapuram Palace, Champakulam Church, Karumadikuttan, Andhakaranazhi, Thakazhi Siva Sankara Pillai Memorial and Pallana Kumarakodi,\" said the DTPC member R R Joshiraj.\"A meeting of the DTPC chaired by district collector P Venugopal was held at collectorate conference hall and it has resolved to buy or take adequate mini-buses on rent for this purpose. A meeting will be held for fixing the ticket charges to various places this week. The service will be operated as circular service and it will start from Alappuzha town,'' the DTPC secretary C Pradeep.\"The picnic spot of the DTPC near Alappuzha Beach will be handed over to private firms on lease. At present, the picnic spot is in a bad shape. The land inside the picnic spot will also be handed over to shop owners for operating their shops on rent and the DTPC will soon frame a set of rules for this purpose,'' said Pradeep.\"Vijay Beach Park, the only children's park in Alappuzha, will also be given a facelift. District collector instructed the DTPC to modify the park utilizing the funds of Nehru Trophy Boat Race. A sum of Rs 10 lakh will be used for this purpose,'' Pradeep said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17621817", "title": "Nurse criticized UK hospital in suicide note", "text": "LONDON: Indian-origin nurse Jacintha Saldanha (46), found dead after a hoax call to King Edward VII hospital that was then treating pregnant duchess of Cambridge ( Kate Middleton ) for morning sickness, has criticized the hospital and its senior staff in one of the three suicide notes that she left behind , according to media report on Friday.Saldanha wrote three notes revealing the anguish that led to her suicide after being fooled by Australian DJs Mel Greig and Michael Christian into believing that they were royalty, the report said. She criticized senior colleagues at King Edward VII hospital over her treatment after the pair had pretended to be the Queen and Prince Charles asking about the duchess's condition.The nurse's family has been given typed copies of the three handwritten notes by the police.A source close to Saldanha's family was quoted by the Daily Mirror as saying about the notes, \"One of the letters, which is the longest, deals with the hospital and is critical in its tone. In the letter Jacintha calls into question some of the treatment she received at the hospital.\"A spokeswoman for King Edward VII hospital said its management \"were very clear that there were no disciplinary issues in this matter\" . And that the nurses involved had been offered \"full support\" and \"it was made clear they were victims of a cruel journalistic trick\" .Scotland Yard is investigating a number of emails which the inquest heard as well as telephone calls made to and from her phone in days before her death.The Indian-origin opposi-Vaz , who is acting as a spokesman for Saldanha's family, said he has written to John Lofthouse, chief executive of the King Edward Vll hospital, calling for \"full facts\" to be made known to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618734", "title": "India on the brink of another batting failure", "text": "NAGPUR: Former Indian captain Anil Kumble once spoke about the importance of putting runs on the board. If Sourav Ganguly-led Team India started doing well at home and abroad, it was largely because the bowlers always had enough runs to play with. With victories abroad and a brilliant record at home, India started getting more respect from the opposition.In the post Dravid-Laxman era, India now resemble the side of the Nineties when batting failures were a recurring feature. Since India's ill-fated tour of England last year MS Dhoni's team --- barring the home series against the West Indies --- has struggled to put runs on the board.But for Cheteshwar Pujara , every Indian batsman has been found wanting against England in this series. The fact that apart from all-rounder Ravichandran Ashwin no Indian batsman is currently averaging over 50 in the series tells its own story. The likes of Sachin Tendulkar , Virender Sehwag , Gautam Gambhir , Virat Kohli , Yuvraj Singh and MS Dhoni have all failed to get going. They have scored five fifties and only one hundred among them this series. Gambhir has got starts but the big one continues to elude him. Alastair Cook , on the other hand, has shown how important it is for one of the top-order batsmen to anchor the innings. Every time Cook has scored, England have managed to put a substantial total on the board.India, on the other hand banked too much on their stalwarts. Pujara has looked good at the crease, but his failure in Kolkata has exposed a brittle middle-order. It was Pujara's unlucky dismissal that changed the complexion of the game on Day 2 here in Nagpur.It's not that England bowlers alone have troubled Indian batsmen. Young New Zealand pacers too had tested their skills earlier in the season. Had the Kiwi bowlers got more support from their batsmen, the result of the series could have been different.A solid run-cushion would have given more confidence to the new-look Indian bowling attack. The likes of Pragyan Ojha and Ashwin have been more effective every time India took the field with runs on the board. They were lethal in Ahmedabad. It's a different ball game altogether when spinners bowl with close-in fielders around the bat and enough runs on the board. The lack of runs has hurt India's cause most.If Dhoni and Kohli fail to come up with a big partnership on Day 3, it would be India's fifth successive batting failure --- and curtains for the team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17620361", "title": "SC to hear case against Madhya Pradesh Special Courts Act", "text": "INDORE: The Supreme Court is likely to hear a petition challenging the formation of the Madhya Pradesh Special Court Act to deal with people who have amassed 'ill-gotten' money on January 2, 2013. The petition against the act has been filed by an accused in the disproportionate asset case Raman Dhuldhoye, a suspended clerk of the regional transport office (RTO).Dhuldhoye, against whom the MP Lokayukta has raided and unearthed disproportionate assets case was the first of its ownkind in which the lower court has ordered for attachment of property to the tune of Rs 7 crore owned by him.The accused has challenged the Madhya Pradesh Special Court Act and filed a special leave petition (SLP) in the apex court against the ruling under which he has been framed by the Economic Offences Wing (EOW). Apart from MP, such an Act was in force only in two other states including Bihar and Orissa.Manoj Singh, SP, EOW, Indore, told TI, \"An order has already been issued by the lower court in Dhuldhoye case for attachment of property which include land measuring 6-7 hectare, a farm house, two houses, gold jewellery and a few cars. But as a status quo has been granted by the state high court into the case, we are unable to take any action.\"When contacted, an official of ED said, \"We are waiting for a challan to be filed against the accused by the EOW before we take it up.\"on January 02. The accused's In fact, the value of movable and immovable properties, against which attachment order was issued by the lower court, was to the tune of Rs 1.18 crore at the time of purchase which has now gone as high as Rs 7 crore now.Ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619029", "title": "NDA MPs give a miss to discussion on supplementary grants", "text": "NEW DELHI: If a vigilant opposition is essential to a sprightly democracy, it was absent during the discussion on supplementary grants in the Lok Sabha on Friday afternoon.From 2 pm to 3pm, there were barely a couple of MPs from the BJP and its allies in the House while the attendance on the treasury benches, although not exactly bursting at the seams, was much healthier.BJP chief whip Ramesh Bais hung around for a while before leaving after a brief chat with minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy. Shiromani Akali Dal's Rattan Singh Ajnala was the sole NDA MP in the House for long.Finance minister P Chidambaram faced rows of empty benches as MPs spoke on the demand raised by the government.The job of playing opposition was left to Congress's Lal Singh, MP from Udhampur, who urged Chidambaram to visit villages in his remote constituency to see how money allocated for central schemes did not reach beneficiaries.\"You make schemes, but do you ask for an account of what happens to the money? There are schools were teachers are catering to classes two to five all at the same time. No roads anywhere... I am waiting for the day when I can travel by car,\" Lal Singh said.Egged on by a receptive audience, Singh said the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act was a failure in his constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17619653", "title": "Stockbroker from Mumbai killed in Gujarat", "text": "MUMBAI: A 56-year-old Kandivli resident was found murdered near Anand in Gujarat on Wednesday night while he was returning to Mumbai.Mukti Shah, the deceased, was a stockbroker. He had driven to Ahmedabad in his car from Mumbai last week. The body was found lying outside his car at Chaavni cross road in Borsad.According to cops, Shah was on his way back to his Kandivli residence by car on Wednesday. His body was found around 9.30pm. \"The wrists of both his hands were cut and he died of excessive blood loss. The backseat of the car was stained with blood, which leads us to believe that he could have been killed on the backseat or that his body was kept there,\" said an official. The police are not ruling out the possibility of Shah being killed somewhere else and his body brought to Borsad for disposal. No valuables were stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17621115", "title": "Secretariat official caught taking bribe", "text": "HYDERABAD: An assistant section officer (ASO) of the medical and health department in the Secretariat was caught red-handed by Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) sleuths while he was taking a bribe of Rs 10,000 on Friday.P M Johnson, president of AP Ayurveda , Yoga &amp; Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy (Ayush) Doctors' Welfare Association, lodged a complaint with the ACB on Thursday alleging that the official, Sammaiah, was demanding a bribe to clear a contract renewal file pertaining to the employees.Based on the complaint, ACB sleuths registered a case and laid a trap at the Secretariat on Friday. At about 5.45 pm, Sammaiah walked out of his office located on the third floor of L Block. ACB sleuths caught the ASO red-handed at the Secretariat canteen when he was collecting the bribe money from Johnson. \"The tainted amount has been recovered from the possession of Sammaiah. He will be produced before court,\" ACB DSP T Shankar Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621543", "title": "Govt to seek LG\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s help in reining in tent mafia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Urban development minister Arvinder Singh on Friday said he will write to lieutenant governor Tejendra Khanna seeking his intervention to stop the practice of recommendations by corporators , which is resulting in irregularities in bookings.Congress MLA Mukesh Sharma expressed concern over the irregularities in booking of parks and community halls for marriages and other social events. Sharma attacked the BJPled MCD, alleging that there is a nexus between the tent mafia and the municipal councillors, making it difficult for people to get venues booked in their names.\"It has been learnt that the tent mafia is working overtime to get advanced bookings in fake names and then charge charging hefty amounts for the venue , which is in violation of the law,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17619141", "title": "Patient Joe Root digs deep on Test debut", "text": "NAGPUR: Joe Root's temperament, on a pitch described as 'most difficult' by his senior teammate Kevin Pietersen , belied his debutant status. Patience was his watchword, and varying bounce and turn was met with assured footwork.So didn't he feel nervous about anchoring the England innings? \"It would be wrong to say there were no nerves,\" Root replied. \"When you go in to bat in Test cricket for the first time you are bound to be nervous.But I'm delighted I got the opportunity and scored few runs. I have dreamed about this opportunity for a very long time.\"The almost five-hour stay under testing circumstances proved why fellow Yorkshireman Geoffrey Boycott sees shades of his own legendary patience in young Root. Michael Vaughan is another who rates Root highly.The debutant revealed that Vaughan advised him to focus on footwork. \"He told me to keep my footwork precise and quick. He asked me to just grind it out and be patient.\"Friday's innings not only displayed Root's patience but also his adaptability. More used to coming in as an opener, Root quickly adjusted to batting at No. 6.\"I'm trying to adapt to different conditions and situations while trying to keep things as simple as possible. You've got to make the most of whatever you get,\" Root said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17621415", "title": "EBCs to get quota when BJP comes to power: Tiwari", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after it accused chief minister Ashok Gehlot of having shifted into the election mode, the state BJP walked the same path on Friday. Lashing out at the Congress government in the state and accusing it of creating a caste-divide, deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari in the Rajasthan Assembly promised 14 % reservation to the economically backward classes when the party comes to power.\"The BJP had promised reservation to the economically backward classes (EBC) and it will keep its promise. The Ashok Gehlot government could have itself given the EBC reservations - when you are crossing the defined 50 % in providing the special backward classes the 5 % quota, what is the excuse of not adhering to the EBC's demand for reservation?'' said Tiwari, while interacting with the media persons in Jaipur.He said that when BJP comes to power it will make provisions for quota for the EBCs. \"Everybody will be happy, be it the SC, ST, SBC or the EBC. The reservation issue would be resolved without any heart-burning,'' said Tiwari. He said that the state government had divided the bureaucracy on the caste factor. \"Today, the entire state bureaucracy and the state employees are divided into two - 72 and 28,'' he said.Replying to the queries from the media, he also mentioned that the BJP would continue with present state government's good schemes like the free medicine for all. \"We will ensure that the complaints of shortage of medicines and that of doctors prescribing medicines which are available, are also taken care of,'' he said.Criticizing the failed governance of the Gehlot government, he said that the Congress's four years in the state were 'unaccountable'. He said that while the chief minister claimed that his tenure did not have a blot on it, cases like Gopalgarh, Bhopalgarh (Bhanwari Devi case), Phool Mohammad incident and ministers involved in controversies like Ramlal Jat, Pramod Jain and Bhanwarlal Meghwal are all big blots. He added that the voters do not even know or recognize the ministers apart from the CM.\"The Congress came to power after it fooled the voters about the corruption allegations against former chief minister Vasundhara Raje and the BJP. Allegations, which it failed to prove. It has also been running the government the same way - by fooling people,'' he said, adding that the courts were running the government rather than the Congress.Reacting to reports of BJP being a weak opposition, he said that BJP had done the job like it was expected to and will continue to do so further. \"There is no internal dispute, we will face the elections in a united manner and we will come back to power,\" said Tiwari, adding that the RSS has no say in the distribution of tickets and that the list of candidates is finalized by the party's parliamentary board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17621293", "title": "Election tourism brings fawning foreign visitors", "text": "SURAT: For Henry Sherman, hotelier in Atlanta in the US, watching the electoral campaign unfold in the largest democracy in the world was a dream come true. The 53-yearold was eager to visit Gujarat during the polls after the American presidential election.\"Here I am watching these fascinating events unfold in front of my eyes,\" said Sherman , who has been touring Gujarat for the last four days along with 16 friends. Having witnessed poll campaigns in Ahmedabad, Junagadh , Rajkot and Mansa, they met the Congress candidate from Patan, Ranchod Desai, on Friday while touring the area.\"We were concerned about security and our authorities had even advised us against this tour. After reaching Gujarat, we found the situation on ground was totally different. The people are celebrating this as a festival ,\" Sherman said.The members of this group enjoyed their interactions with candidates and were amused by the means adopted to woo the rural voters. They were particularly fascinated by flags and banners on chakkadas with blaring loudspeakers asking people to vote for a particular candidate.On Thursday, the group met Amit Chaudhary and Pankaj Patel , the candidates from Mansa in North Gujarat. \"It was interesting to know how candidates communicate with voters. In the US, we have a nationwide presidential debate. I wish they start this in India too,\" Sherman said.This is the fourth such group of election tourists. Similar groups from Ukraine, Germany and Japan have already toured Saurashtra, South Gujarat and North Gujarat in the last fortnight . The segments they visited include Junagadh-Porbandar-Sasan Gir, Jamnagar-Dwarka-Kutch and Ahmedabad-Patan-Mehsana-Modhera .Chairman of Gujarat Tourism Development Society (GTDC), a federation of private tour operators, Manish Sharma said, \"Besides observing the poll campaign, these groups also visited the other tourist destinations . We think election tourism will get established in Gujarat in the coming years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "sulthan bathery", "code": "17618658", "title": "Kannur, Kollam in semis of Kerala State Senior Volleyball", "text": "SULTHAN BATHERY: Kannur women, with eight experienced stars from SAI, Thalassery, overcame Ernakulam 3-0 (25-21, 25-19, 25-13) to set up a semifinal clash with title favourites Thiruvananthapuram in the 42nd Kerala State Senior Volleyball Championship at Sulthan Bathery floodlit stadium on Friday.In the other quarterfinal match, Kollam women got the better of Kasaragod in straight sets 25-20, 25-20, 25-23 to make it to last four stage. They will face Kozhikode in the semis on Saturday.Poornima MS, Kannur's international star who bagged majority of points for her side, was the star of the match. Back in the side after finishing her exams, Poornima showed her all-round skills. They took a narrow lead at 6-5 but never looked back thereafter and maintained the lead till the end of the first set.Kannur's Elizabeth Paul, Reshma PP and Athira Sreedharan joined the party in the second set and they were well supported by their setter Bhagyalakshmi PC. Ernakulam fought back and levelled the score at 17-17 but they failed to stop Kannur from clinching the set.Poornima, scoring nine consecutive points through her serves in the third set, was outstanding and guided her side into semis.In Thursday's men's quarterfinal matches, hosts Wayanad and Kannur advanced to the semis beating Kottayam and Kasaragod respectively.In the first match, Wayand men, loaded with Kerala Police stars, got the better of Kottayam in straight sets 25-23, 25-19, 25-22 while Kannur beat Kasaragod with ease 25-18, 25-22, 25-20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17621735", "title": "Nitish backs quota in promotion", "text": "PATNA: Strongly favouring the provision of reservation in promotion to Scheduled castes/Scheduled tribes (SC/ST), Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on Friday said his party JD-U was in favour of the Constitution (117th Amendment) Bill, 2012, which would bring more clarity to the issue of quota in promotion.\"If the situation so arises, the JD-U will vote in favour of the said Constitution Amendment Bill in the Parliament,\" Kumar told newsmen before leaving for Kolkata to attend a function there. He also said, \"The members of SC/ST must get reservation in promotion. Despite numerous welfare measures and reservation in jobs, the condition of SC/ST people has not improved to a level that reservation in promotion be discontinued.\"The CM said the Bill being debated in the Rajya Sabha would bring more clarity to the issue of quota in promotion. He also recalled that the Bihar government had already taken a decision to continue with the provision of quota in promotion. \"The state government decided to continue with quota in promotion only after conducting a survey and in-depth analysis of data as per direction of the Supreme Court,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17619405", "title": "Corporates urged to provide amenities in state schools", "text": "PONDA: Claiming that the government cannot provide all amenities in schools, deputy director of education Gajanan Bhat has sought help from the corporate sector to build such facilities in various schools across the state.Inaugurating the clean drinking water facility and sanitation facility for girl students provided by the Nestle India plant, Usgao, in the government high school at Sadar-Ponda, on Thursday, Bhat appealed to big companies to help the government in providing such facilities as part of corporate social activity.The project, which costs around 6 lakh is expected to benefit 550 students of the school.\"Some plant officials have approached me from several parts of the state and expressed their intention to build several amenities for schools. I think government cannot make progress alone in education, and corporate sector's help is needed,\" Bhat said while addressing the students.Sanjay M Naik, Ponda councillor and chairman of the school's parents teachers' association (PTA), appealed to Nestle officials to provide some uniforms and note books to students every year so that the students are not forced to leave the school due to non-availability of books and uniforms.Sanjay Bhandari, the corporate affairs manager of Nestle's Usgao plant, said that lack of sanitation facility is a big concern in many schools and in an effort to promote education and ensure availability of basic sanitation facilities, Nestle India sponsors the construction of such sanitation facilities for girl students. The company would also look after its maintenance as and when required.Arun Pantheeradi, Nestle's Usgao plant manager, said the projects are sponsored as part of its 'creating shared value initiatives', which is a global endeavour. It is corporate social responsibility that brings some value to the society, he said and assured to provide more facilities to schools whenever needed.Local councillor Vincent Paul Fernandes and school headmistress Gauravva Hebbali Badigar were also present for the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17620181", "title": "Centre to issue advisory to prevent misuse of Section 66A of IT Act", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619446", "title": "Faced pressure in Mayawati, Telgi cases: Ex-CBI chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Political pressure on CBI is among the most ill-kept secrets in town. On Friday, former CBI chief U S Misra openly acknowledged as much, saying pressure was brought to bear on him in politically sensitive cases, including one concerning BSP chief Mayawati's alleged disproportionate assets and the multi-crore Telgi scam.Admitting he faced pressure in the case against Mayawati, Mishra told Times Now, \"The fact remains, I won't hide it, that when we investigate cases against prominent political leaders, there are some influences to keep the progress report pending or present it in a certain way.\" He also said CBI presently works like a government department and needs to be made independent.Mishra, who headed the CBI from 2003 to 2005, said the interest of a Cabinet minister in the Telgi case had forced him to approach Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . \"I had approached the prime minister and had a discussion with him on the issue when some ministers gave me advice on Telgi case,\" he said.He refused to disclose names of ministers, but hinted they could be in the current Cabinet, tantalizingly adding that details could be there in a book he is writing on his experience as the head of the country's premier investigating agency. \"I will not give the names right now. I am writing a book,\" he said.Mishra claimed \"these requests from ministers are usually verbal and no record is kept in CBI for such calls from ministers\".The sensational confirmation of the obvious comes at a time when the Centre has been accused of using the CBI case against Mayawati to pressure her to rescue UPA out of tough political spots; most recently during the vote on FDI in retail. Mayawati denied the allegation that she helped UPA out of fear of CBI, but said the NDA government did try to use the agency against her.However, Mishra denied that NDA used CBI against Mayawati, saying, \"Supreme Court had asked CBI to give a report in Taj Corridor case within 20 days. It (investigation) was all between CBI and Supreme Court.\"The widely held perception about misuse of CBI by successive regimes has led to demands for the agency to be made truly autonomous by stripping the government of the power to appoint its chief and exercise administrative control over it.A unanimous report of the select committee of Parliament addressed the concern by recommending that the CBI chief be appointed by a collegium that includes the leader of opposition and the Chief Justice of India, although it rejected the demand of anti-graft activists for the agency to placed under Lokpal.Congress promptly rejected Mishra's allegations. \"To wake up after so many years and make such claims, I don't think any importance should be given to such allegations. Also, it needs to be confirmed under whose regime did he serve as CBI chief. I think he was CBI chief when Atal Bihari Vajpayee was prime minister. So the BJP leaders should give an explanation,\" an agency report quoted minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajeev Shukla as saying.But BJP and JD(U) were quick to latch on to Mishra's outburst with the former reiterating that CBI had become 'Congress Investigation Bureau'. \"We have been saying right from day one that CBI is being misused from time to time to harass political opponents or win over allies. CBI has been converted into Congress Bureau of Investigation,\" agencies quoted BJP leader Venkaiah Naidu as saying.When asked whether the pressure is brought upon CBI in all political cases, Mishra said, \"Pressure comes to CBI because it has no independent status.\" He added that he had given certain suggestions to the parliamentary committee for making CBI independent.According to agencies, Mishra attracted criticism from SP and RJD too. \"This reflects his cowardice. When he was holding the post, such things were not visible to him. And now he comes up with allegations,\" RJD chief Lalu Prasad said.SP leader Naresh Aggarwal went a step ahead, demanding that \"a law should be made that the oath of secrecy that these officials take should be for life. It should not serve as a platform for those who want to enter politics and then they make up such allegations\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618758", "title": "Blind faith for love of cricket", "text": "NAGPUR: The way England team is playing right now, Fred Raffle must have hoped for vision in his eyes to see his team dominating India in their own backyard.However, he has no issues. The Englishman was born a blind but has 'watched' every cricket match played by England since 1995. He has so far been on 25 overseas tours with his national team.One cannot believe this until one meets this 73-year-old enjoying the match like a teenager. Although, he cannot see, he feels the match from the stands by listening to the radio commentary.When that is not available he has the action described to him by friend Andrew Tripple, who sits next to him.For the last two days at the VCA Jamtha Stadium, Raffle has been following the proceedings. He's become a cynosure of all eyes as fellow spectators came to know of his blindness.The lucky mascot of England team earlier used to sit in the Sky TV commentary box and listen to the views of the former cricketers. Due to some financial problems with BCCI , Sky TV did not come to India and Raffle had to take Andrew's help with 'commentary'.\"It is a different tour for me. Although I miss the company of great cricketers in the commentary box, I cannot complain. Sitting in the gallery with English supporters is also a wonderful opportunity.I am really enjoying it,\" Raffle told TOI even as he jumped in his seat as James Anderson clean bowled Virender Sehwag for duck early in Indian innings.Born in Sunderland, UK, Raffle was a psychology lecturer. He retired in 1994 after 32 years of teaching. He then followed his passion and becomes an unofficial part of the England squad.Life must have given him lot of pain but cricket always offered him balm. Overcoming the disability, Raffle played cricket as a youngster and even represented England in blind cricket tournaments.\"I love cricket. I am a Glamorgan county man. When I was young, I used to play and follow Glamorgan matches. After I retired from my teaching job, I decided to continue my passion by traveling with English fans.I have witnessed matches at 58 Test centres all over the world including Jamtha. This is my second visit to Nagpur after 2006,\" said Raffle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17620928", "title": "Provisional ration cards for Nepalese in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: Nepalese nationals staying in Himachal Pradesh , mainly working as laborers, got a reprieve from the state high court on Friday with judges directing Kullu district controller of food and civil supplies to issue 6-month provisional ration cards to them and also ensure that all essential articles are supplied to them.A division bench of Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice Rajiv Sharma passed these orders on a petition filed by Moolpravah Akhil Bharat Nepal Ekta Samaj, Kullu, about issuing of directions to the government for supplying ration cards to Nepalese residing in Kullu for a long time for purchase of essential commodities from fair-price shops.The district food and civil supply controller had in his reply submitted that there was no provision in HP Specified Articles (Regulation of Distribution) Order, 2003 to issue permanent ration cards to such persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17619620", "title": "Civic body to clean up central colonies for a fee", "text": "MUMBAI: The garbage collection issue in pockets of the city belonging to agencies like Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT), railways and Mhada has finally been sorted out with the civic body agreeing to pick garbage from these areas. However, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has decided to charge the agencies for the garbage collection services.At present, the BMC collects garbage only from public places in the city and through house-to-house collection. It does not collect garbage from the central government colonies, saying these areas do not come under its jurisdiction. Several areas like Antop Hill, Mhada colonies in Sion, Andheri, areas in Sewri and railway colonies in Bandra are some places from where garbage was not been picked up.Raising the issue in the civic standing committee meeting, Shiv Sena corporator from Wadala, Trishna Vishwasrao, said, \"There are heaps of garbage in the MbPT railway colony, which has created hygiene problems.\"Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said, \"We held talks with the government agencies. It was decided that if they were not picking up the garbage, the BMC would collect it. However, we will charge them for the garbage collection. A modification in the solid waste management rules to this effect will be made soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17623282", "title": "Clear picture on Vishwaroopam's DTH plans", "text": "Kamal Haasan is set to revolutionise cinema in India when he will be releasing his lambitious Rs 90 Crore Vishwaroopam on DTH eight hours prior to the release of the movie in cinemas. It is confirmed that Vishwaroopam will have one screening on the night of January 10 in DTH platform.Four DTH operators have signed up with him to show the film and will telecast it on pay per view, while Tata Sky and Sun Direct do not figure on the list yet. The DTH major Tata Sky has expressed its inability to have a single screening as they have an existing consumer base which has a bunch of DTH films. If both operators, who have a substantial subscriber base, were to opt out, their customers would miss the chance of viewing the film on TV.Viswaroopam will be charged Rs 1000 on DTH - it will be single viewing and people will not be able to record the flick due to encryption. The film will have a theatrical release on January 11 in Tamil and Hindi worldwide.Meanwhile Ekta Kapoor and her Balaji Telefilms will distribute the Hindi version Vishwaroop in upcountry multiplexes from January 11. The Telugu version of Vishwaroopam will not be releasing simultaneously with the Tamil version on Jan 11.Two big Telugu films Nayak and SVSC have blocked all screens as they are releasing around the festival date of Jan 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17619617", "title": "Coming soon: Museum on Wheels", "text": "Art, and its institutional infrastructure such as museums and galleries, is for the most part a mainstay of uber urban centres.Within these so called urban hotspots, there's another layer of disparity as art and cultural activities are rarely spread out evenly.In Mumbai for instance, art is a staple of south Mumbai. Over the years, several efforts have been made to decentralise the hold of south Mumbai and Mumbai over art in the state of Maharashtra. Joining the ranks soon is the 'Museum on Wheels'. A joint undertaking of the India Foundation for the Arts (IFA) and the Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (CSMVS), the Museum on Wheels hopes to take some artefacts from the CSMVS collection on a road trip.Sabyasachi Mukherjee , director general, CSMVS, has made it clear on several occasions that outreach and education are of key interest to him. He explains again, \"We want to cross the south Mumbai border and reach out to those who can't travel to this part of the city. After travelling within the city, the project will visit Pune and then Raigarh district. Far-flung suburbs and villages in their vicinity will be important to our project.\"The contents of this unique itinerant exhibition will be decided by an open call for curatorial proposals put out by IFA. The Bangalore-based independent organization has considerable muscle in funding the arts, and has over the last three years been actively involved in creating dialogue around curating.Rashmi Sawhney, in charge of curatorship programme at IFA, says, \"With this project, we hope to give young curators institutional experience and the opportunity to reach out to local audiences. We're planning collaboration with museums across the country. The fellowship at CSMVS will most likely be followed by another at Salarjung Museum, Hyderabad.\"While curatorial projects initiated by IFA have thus far looked primarily at contemporary art practices, with CMVS and Salarjung, they will focus on regional heritage. \"We are very interested in seeking out a demographic that is other than the one we have been addressing so far. We want the projects to speak the language of the locals,\" concludes Sawhney.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17620668", "title": "Experts to deliberate on political economy", "text": "MYSORE: City-based MYRA School of Business will bring together renowned economists, political scientists and policy makers during a two-day workshop on 'Governance and political economy' scheduled from December 17.The delegates will discuss issues like political accountability, effective governance and corruption at the workshop. \"In recent years, corruption has become a major issue around the world. By bringing together experts and scholars of various disciplines from the world's leading institutions, critical issues related to governance and corruption can be examined from various perspectives,\" said Shalini Urs of MYRA school.Pranab Bardhan, an economics professor from the University of California , Berkeley, will speak on 'Corruption in India: When preaching piety is not enough'. This will be followed by a series of talks covering 'caste politics, corruption and distribution in India: The effect of voter preferences on policy outcomes in Uttar Pradesh' by Delhi School of Economics prof Rohini Somanathan; 'dynamic commercial lobbying' by Columbia University prof Thomas Groll; and 'culture of corruption, tax evasion and optimal tax policy' by Joint Vienna Institute prof Maksym Ivanyna.\"We are thrilled to provide a platform for international academicians to share groundbreaking research and deliberate together. This event has been in the making for over a year. It is exciting to have world's greatest thinkers here together in Mysore to help shape public policy in India and other emerging countries,\" said Amrita Dhillon, a faculty member at MYRA.The papers and presentations from 'Governance and political economy', edited by World Bank's chief economist Kaushik Basu, will be published in a special issue of the public economic theory journal.University of Warwick and MYRA School of Business will host the workshop in association with the department of economics of University of Warwick (UK) and Association for Public Economic Theory.The participants include scholars from institutions like UoC Berkeley, Cornell University , Paris School of Economics, Michigan State University , Max Planck Institute of Economics, University of Cambridge , Columbia University, IIM-Bangalore, University of Frankfurt, Arizona State University , Indian School of Business and New York University .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17620530", "title": "Drive to end beggar menace at traffic junctions initiated", "text": "HYDERABAD: The labour department has initiated a drive to rid the city of the beggar menace and promised that in two months time, not even a single one will be seen harassing vehicle occupants at the major traffic intersections.In the drive launched a few days ago, 14 young beggar boys, 14 young beggar girls and 23 women were rounded up from different locations in the city. The boys were taken to Saidabad and girls to Nimboliadda rescue homes and the women shifted to State Home at Yousufguda.According to sources, labour commissioner B Ramanjaneyulu convened a meeting with his officials few days ago and asked them to eliminate the beggar menace at the major traffic intersections within two months.Officials then surveyed major areas where the menace exists including Paradise flyover, Patny intersection, S R Nagar, Punjagutta, Jubilee Hills checkpost, Khairatabad, Liberty, Chaderghat, Malakpet, Dilsukhnagar and Mehdipatnam, said Joint Commissioner, Labour M N Varahala Reddy.During the survey it was found that women beggars including their minor children were not only begging, but were also selling petty items like toys, soft clothes for cleaning windshields, umbrellas and other materials at the intersections. All of them were homeless and many of them spend nights under flyovers or on pavements.Stray incidents like stone pelting on the teams were reported at various traffic junctions as well, but nobody was injured. At some traffic junctions, some of the women entered into a heated argument with officials and tried to flee with their children, but were nabbed with the help of the cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17621473", "title": "Rain lashes some parts of Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: The active western disturbances created overcast conditions in the state on Friday and some parts of northern Rajasthan even witnessed showers, which added a nip in the air. Mount Abu and Sriganganagar remained coldest in the state recording minimum temperatures of 10.0 and 10.6 degrees Celsius, respectively.Met office informed that in the next couple of days the mercury will take a drastic plunge.Though nearly 90% humidity controlled the minimum and maximum temperatures but chilly winds swept across the state throughout the day.The city recorded a minimum temperature of 13.5 degrees Celsius, almost two degrees above normal.Fog in the morning affected road and rail traffic. A few early morning trains including Puja Express, Shatabdi Express and Marudhar Express arrived late in the city. Likewise, RSRTC and private buses, especially those connecting Jaipur to Agra and Jaipur to Delhi, were also delayed a little. However, no major impact on the early morning flights was reported.Mount Abu and Sriganganagar were followed by Jaisalmer with a minimum temperature of 11.0 degrees Celsius, Udaipur 11.4, Bikaner 11.5, Chittorgarh 11.6, Churu 13.3, Ajmer 13.5, Pilani and Kota 14.0 and Barmer recorded a minimum temperature of 14.2 degrees Celsius.Met forecast says in the next 48 hours, the sky will clear out. It will be followed by a dip of 4 to 6 degrees Celsius in the day and night temperatures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17621078", "title": "Now, Hemant on Besra's graft radar", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jharkhand Peoples' Party president Surya Singh Besra on Friday targeted Hemant Soren, another deputy CM, accusing him of favouring a multinational consultancy firm.\"Hemant overlooked the expert committee report of the assembly to provide benefits to a multinational consultancy firm,\" Besra, a former MLA, said. He accused Hemant, Shibu Soren's son, of providing incorrect affidavit while filing nomination from Dumka seat during the election. \"The deputy CM has benefited a multinational consultancy firm.\"Hemany also did not mention the land purchased in the name of his wife Kalpana Murmu at Argoda in Ranchi district, said Besra. \"The deal violates the Chhotanagpur Tenancy Act which is in place to protect the tribal land.\"He said the JMM leader favoured Meinhardt Consultants firm to the tune of Rs 13 crore in connection with the sewerage project in Ranchi. \"His father didn't dare to pass the project during his tenure as the CM but Hemant did it overlooking the experts' objections to the Meinhardt report,\" said Besra in a release.Announcing to file a PIL in the high court seeking probe into the issue, he said he would write to the Election Commission demanding cancellation of Hemant Soren's assembly membership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "17618962", "title": "Governor visits Nerdhamna project", "text": "AKOLA: Governor K Sankaranarayanan on Friday visited the site of Nerdhamna barrage being constructed on the Purna river. The visit to the medium irrigation project on Akot road, 30km from here, is significant as he has been proactive in supervising work on 106 irrigation works for which he sanctioned funds using his special powers, to remove the development backlog.Irrigation projects have been under the scanner for the last few months. The winter session of legislature has seen a virtual 'paper war' between political parties on this issues. While the government has come out with an official white paper, the BJP-led opposition parties have countered it with a 'black paper'. The opposition accuses the government of fudging figures in the white paper and contests the claim that irrigation capacity of 5.17% was added in last one decade. The economic survey report had put the figure at a mere 0.01%.With controversies clouding irrigation projects and allegations of undue cost escalation and other irregularities, funds for many projects in Vidarbha have been put on hold. This has dealt a blow to the already dismal irrigation scene in the suicide-prone region. The Nerdhamna project would help solve perennial drinking water crisis and help boost agriculture in 7,000 hectares in Balapur and Telhara areas of the district. Farm yields here have been very low, driving peasants to suicide.The Nerdhamna work has suffered because no funds were released last year. The project is being executed by a private company. On behalf of the partners, Dilip Surana and Jigar Thakker gave a power point presentation to the Governor, explaining cost escalation in the project due to saline tract, which led the government of India undertaking WABCOS to change its design. Both Central Water Commission and the Technical Advisory Committee have approved the cost escalation, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17620622", "title": "Press is not party's property: Pandian", "text": "Red-faced state CPI leaders claimed they were not aware of the faux pas. But CPI state secretary D Pandian argued that the printing press is not the property of the party. \"It is a public limited company. Our leaders are on the board as directors. Pavai Printer has been printing all types of books, including textbooks, both state and central governments,\" said Pandian. \"You have to understand none of our MLAs, MPs or functionaries has spoken in favor of FDI and in fact we have been protesting against it. So no one can question our credibility,\" he argued. \"If this press doesn't print the booklet, some other press will.\" Sources said the ministry had given orders to Pavai Printer for 80 lakh copies of the booklet. \"We got an order for 20 lakh copies in each language,\" an employee in Pavai Printer told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17619936", "title": "Minister asks UPSRTC to start passenger enquiry service", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP roadways might have an enquiry service like Railways. transport minister Mahendra Aridaman Singh has asked Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation to find out if it would be feasible to provide an enquiry service to passengers, where they can call to find the arrival/departure timings of the buses. He also said that such a number would be printed on all the buses, so that passengers can not only seek information about buses but also register their complaints and make suggestions. He also issued instructions to ensure the helpline at UPSRTC headquarters is functional all the time. The minister also asked the transport commissioner to set up a helpline at his office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619137", "title": "Indian School of Law, NIFT in Goa soon", "text": "PANAJI: Goa appears to have put its longstanding plan of developing the state into an educational hub into action. The prestigious Indian School of Law and the National Institute of Fashion Technology have been given in-principle nods to open centres in Goa.\"The branch of Indian School of Law and NIFT will be set up shortly in Goa. We are also seriously considering a design school for the state,\" state education secretary Keshav Chandra said, at a summit on higher education on Friday organized by the state government in collaboration with the Confederation of Indian Industries.Chandra, listing some of the measures being considered to improve higher education, said accreditation by premier organizations like NAAC could be made mandatory for institutes. \"Only 18 higher education institutes in Goa are accredited and in the technical education sector the number is more dismal. Nobody should escape accreditation. Government grants to institutes could be possibly linked to accreditation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621221", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcUpset at sight of withered flowers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The rain had a devastating effect on the flowers to be featured in the Chrysanthemum show, leaving them with withered petals. While softer varieties took most of the brunt, full blossoms also suffered the vagaries of the weather.The worst affected varieties include Diamond jubilee, Seaston sulphor, Achievement, Icile, Pink rayonette and Carnation gold. These flowers have fine, tapering petals, almost like needles, which render them sensitive to the onslaught of rain.The open blossoms also sustained damage. \"I was very excited about the show but was disappointed at the condition of the flowers,\" said Rajni Chopra of Sector 32. Sector 10 resident Chetan Pathak said he was upset at the sight of withered flowers.Expressing his helplessness, MC chief engineer S S Bida said they did not know the weather forecast as dates for the show had been finalized long back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16589726", "title": "Overcooked potato chips may cause cancer", "text": "Chips served in many fast-food outlets and restaurants contain acrylamide - the chemical that has been linked to cancer because of the cooking process- scientists have warned.They found that potatoes, which have been part-cooked before sale and then quickly reheated before serving, contain increased levels of the substance.A study by researchers at Reading University found acrylamide is present in chips, which have been dried, frozen and cooked twice before reaching the table, a common form of preparation.This method is used to make shoestring fries, the thin chips widely sold in thousands of fast-food restaurants and take-aways across the country.Acrylamide is a carcinogen. It is present in a wide range of foods such as biscuits, breads, crisps and chips that have been baked, fried or grilled at temperatures higher than 120C.The new report, published in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry, has sparked warnings for restaurants not to over-cook chips as the substance has been detected in potatoes and starch-rich foods, which have been heated for long periods.It urges the food industry to modify how it prepares potatoes for sale to restaurants and takeaways.\"There is continuing concern about acrylamide, but this research highlights what we can do to reduce the presence in potato products,\" the Daily Express quoted food chemist Professor Donald Mottram, who carried out the research, as saying.\"There is prior treatment of potatoes which can reduce the levels and the food industry will be alerted to these findings. However, it will be very difficult to eliminate it completely,\" he noted.The commercial process includes potato selection and sorting, cutting, blanching, sugar augmentation, drying, frying and freezing, he explained.In combination with final cooking, this generates the colour, texture and flavour that consumers expect in French fries, he added.The risk can be lowered by not over-cooking chips, said Barbara Gallani, director of food safety and science at the Food and Drink Federation.\"Acrylamide levels can be limited if chips are cooked to a light golden colour and not over-cooked. It is therefore important to follow the manufacturer's cooking instructions,\" she stated.Carcinogens in potatoes have been linked to an increased risk of cancer, specifically breast cancer , endometrial cancer and cancer of the womb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621538", "title": "Snowfall in J&K; brings down city\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s temperature", "text": "NEW DELHI: Friday morning was cloudy with strong winds blowing across the city. The maximum and minimum temperatures were recorded at 22.8 degrees Celsius and 13.2 degrees Celsius respectively. The Met department has predicted shallow fog over the weekend.\"There will be shallow to moderate fog on Saturday morning with partly cloudy sky through the day,\" said an official of India Meteorological Department (IMD). He said the maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to be 24 and 10 degrees Celsius respectively.The humidity levels ranged between 87% and 55% on Friday . The official added, \"Snowfall in Jammu and Kashmir region is responsible for the dip in temperature and the cloudy weather over here. The western disturbances have also had an effect. However, strong winds are preventing the formation of dense fog.\"The capital had witnessed rain on Tuesday, which weatherman had attributed to cyclonic circulation over central Pakistan and Rajasthan induced by western disturbances over Jammu and Kashmir, Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh.\"In the morning when I left for office around 8am, the weather was cloudy and there was a chill in the air. I carried an extra sweater but by noon, it was warm,\" said Nikhil Saroya, a resident of Kalkaji.The downward trend in temperature over the last few days has led to a flood of patients , above 65 years in age, reporting infection and aggravation of underlying conditions like respiratory problems , heart diseases, diabetes and arthritis.They are advised to wear warm clothes and avoid a sudden change in temperature as it can constrict the airways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619378", "title": "Vehicle number plate painters to fix HSRPs: Government", "text": "PANAJI: It appears that the state government may have given in to the demands of the local vehicle number plate painters, by allowing them to fix the High security registration plates (HSRPs) which are to be approved soon.Transport director Arun Desai told TOI that the process for fresh tenders is on and the tenders will be floated next week.He said the new tenders will be for manufacturing and supply of HSRPs only, and fixing of the plates will be done by the local painters.Desai said the number plate painters had approached chief minister Manohar Parrikar on the issue and Parrikar had agreed to give the painters contracts to fix the plates. Earlier this year, the number plate painters association had strongly opposed the policy on High security registration plates since its introduction would affect their business.The HSRP saga in the state has been a long-drawn one. The state government had first invited bids for HSRP in 2005 and had signed a contract with Shimnit Utsch in 2008.Following a widespread public uproar over the high rates being charged, the contract was scrutinized by the government and irregularities were found.The government then issued a show-cause notice to the company in November 2010 and formally terminated the contract with Shimnit Utsch in January, 2011.In May, 2011, the high court of Bombay at Goa also dismissed a petition by the company challenging termination of the contract by the state government.Subsequently, the government decided to re-tender the HSRP project. In the tenders issued in May 2012, just two companies bid for the contract to fix High security registration plates on vehicles in Goa in a five-year contract. The cost of fixing High security registration plates in the May, 2012, bids had been reduced by more than 50%, as compared to the price fixed by Shimnit Utsch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620416", "title": "Azim Premji meets Jaya, discusses projects in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Wipro chairman Azim Premji called on chief minister J Jayalalithaa at the secretariat on Friday and discussed plans for investments in the state. The meeting lasted nearly 30 minutes.Premji is said to have apprised the CM about the delay in ongoing projects. The company's software development centre in Coimbatore has been facing delays in obtaining clearances from several local body entities. \"It was awaiting clearances on at least seven issues with local bodies and the state government,\" sources said.Prior to the meeting, senior government officials stepped in and cleared all pending issues late on Thursday, sources said.The business tycoon earlier met Jayalalithaa in 2004, during her previous regime, to seek her help to facilitate the setting up of Wipro's facilities in Sholinganallur and Coimbatore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17620115", "title": "Allahabad wakes to foggy morning", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Sangam city woke up to a foggy morning on Friday. The maximum temperature, which was 25.7 degrees Celsius on Thursday, fell by four degrees. The maximum temperature was 21.8 degrees Celsius while the minimum was 13.8 degrees Celsius. The marginal rise in the temperature was due to cloudy weather conditions.The visibility improved only after 10am. \"I had to go for some work in the rural area of Bharwari but soon coming on the highway I dropped the idea as the visibility on the road was barely few meters\", said Gopal a businessmen.\"Although I had thought of taking out the winter garments after a week, but seeing the chilly conditions of Sunday morning, I unpacked all the garments and took out on the terrace today itself\", said Niharika Kerserwani. With temperature beginning to fall, people have started flocking the Tibetan market to buy winter wear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620252", "title": "China behind scrapped GMR deal to extend footprint in Maldives?", "text": "NEW DELHI: China's growing ties with the Maldives, blamed discreetly for the scrapped GMR airport deal, may be part of its larger scheme to dominate the strategically-important sea lanes of the Indian Ocean Region (IOR), according to an assessment of the Indian intelligence agencies. Beijing is reportedly wooing Male to pre-empt a US move to set up a new military base in the Maldives' southernmost island of Gan.Incidentally, though the ministry of external affairs was rather discreet about the involvement of a 'foreign hand' in the GMR episode, intelligence assessments coming in from Male are more upfront in outlining fears of a China factor.Gan, a tourist destination in Addu Atoll that also has an international airport, is considered safe for deep anchorage. The US, sources in the Indian security establishment told TOI, has evinced interest in the former British naval and air force base in Gan for servicing its naval fleet, launching surveillance operations and routing military supplies. This is in sync with US President Barack Obama's \"pivot towards Asia \" policy.Though the Americans have an existing military base in Diego Garcia \u00e2\u20ac\u201d also in the Indian Ocean \u00e2\u20ac\u201d its 50-year-old lease will expire in 2016. The lease pact for the British-controlled island allows its renegotiation for another 20 years, but with the UK favourably inclined to granting the Mauritian government's demand for sovereignty and resettlement of the native population, the Americans are said to be eyeing an equally strategic alternative site.Gan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a Royal Navy base during World War II, then with the Royal Air Force (RAF) base during the Cold War and ultimately vacated by the RAF in 1971 - reportedly fits the bill.But with China aspiring to overtake the US as the global superpower in the long run, the Indian intelligence establishment feels it can ill-afford growing American military interests in the IOR waters. Proximity to the Maldives, intelligence reports with New Delhi have pointed out, will not only help Beijing pre-empt the US move but also realize its dream of setting up its own military base in the region.The increasing Chinese footprint in the Maldives was evident when it was allotted prime land to open its embassy in Male a couple of months ago. A massive $500 million loan was extended by the Chinese around the same time.A recent statement by former Maldivian president, Maumoon Abdul Gayoom, that \"China has been with us for 40 years\" and that it was \"natural for a country with such huge resources to come and help us\" indicates Beijing's growing importance to the Maldives vis-a-vis traditional ally India.Just three months ahead of the GMR deal was scrapped, Maldivian president Mohamed Waheed, who replaced Mohamed Nausheed in a `coup' in February, paid his maiden visit to China, extolling the latter's approach towards \"small countries\" and its policy of non-interference in their internal affairs \"unlike other influential nations\". Though Waheed did not take names, his statement was seen as directed against India.Earlier this week, Maldivian defence minister Mohamed Nazim and his Chinese counterpart Liang Guanglie vowed to strengthen military ties during the former's Beijing visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621367", "title": "College hails its alumna\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s crooning glory", "text": "LUDHIANA: Alumni association of Ramgarhia Girls College organized a get-together in the seminar hall to felicitate the family of Arshpreet Kaur, who is among the top eight finalists in a music reality show on a popular channel.College principal Narinder Sandhu said, \"It is a great achievement to be performing on national television and Arshpreet had done the college proud.\"Punjabi singer Sarbjit Cheema also appreciated the melodious voice of the singer saying, \"Arshpreet has put Ludhiana on the map of India not only as an industrial city but as a 'creative city'.\"The gathering of close friends, family and supporters of the young artist included industrialists and prominent citizens of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620568", "title": "Free Wi-Fi, magazines: Auto driver offers a ride to remember", "text": "CHENNAI: He may not be Basha, but he's certainly a King of Cool if ever a Chennai autorickshaw driver was.Annadurai, 28, drives a share autorickshaw that looks like any other share auto in the city. But customers, who travel by Annadurai's auto between Thiruvanmiyur bus terminus and Sholinganallur, know that it is anything but.The vehicle is Wi-Fi enabled and, if you're not carrying a laptop or smartphone to connect to the internet, Annadurai will slip you a 10-inch tablet. He carries an internet dongle attached to a Wi-Fi router and offers free access to the internet. \"Most people who take my auto work for IT companies and I know access to the internet is important for them,\" Annadurai says. \"It takes about half an hour to cover the distance between Thiruvanmiyur and Sholinganallur. Why waste that time?\"The auto also has stacks for magazines and newspapers that contain the latest editions. Annadurai spends 4,000 a month on subscriptions to 35 publications. There are dailies for the customers who need to keep up on the news, weekly magazines for passengers who are taking a long ride, and glossy fortnightlies for those interested in lighter reading.Then there are the offers. Annadurai gives free rides to children on Children's Day, free rides to mothers (accompanied by their children) on Mothers Day, free rides to couples on Valentine's Day and free rides to women on Women's Day. On September 15, his birthday, customers get a 50% discount.Annadurai spends more than 5,000 to give his customers an auto ride like no other in the city, yet makes a good living, taking home a profit of around 1,000 a day. \"That is more than enough for a bachelor like me,\" he says. \"I drive from 8am to 1pm and from 5pm to 11pm,\" he says. He charges 15 for the 11km route he covers, while other share auto drivers demand 20 for the same distance. \"Money really isn't too important to me,\" he says. \"What gives me pleasure is that people remember me and are grateful for the service I offer,\" he said.An amused commuter, Trisha Mahajan, a journalism student, has made a short film on him and put it on YouTube. The video had close to 1 lakh views in a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17619608", "title": "Motel project makes headway", "text": "PATNA: Many of the tourists visiting Bihar return with bad memories of hospitality. To provide standardized facilities to tourists at the line hotels and motels in important tourist circuits of the state, Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) last year planned to upgrade tourism department hotels across the state and also set up roadside motels on various routes. Responding to the department's initiative, three parties owning land on Gaya-Patna route have shown their interest in opening a motel in association with BSTDC.The corporation last year submitted a draft to the state cabinet of the Promotional Policy-2012 providing for up-gradation and standardization of highway services, including line hotels and motels, and seeking permission to open motels and line hotels on major routes. Despite the state cabinet's nod, this project remained a non-starter for almost a year as it failed to receive any positive response from the owners of line hotels and motels across the state.Now, the BSTDC will be sending a team of officials along with architect to these applicants on Patna-Gaya route by December last week, who would finalize the deal then and there. \"We have not made it mandatory for the applicants to come to Patna for paper work,\" said Sunil Kumar Pinto, state tourism minister. It has also decided to send a team of tourism officials and architects to interact with the owners of line hotels on the Muzaffarpur-Raxaul and Muzaffarpur-Saharsa (via Darbhanga and Madhubani) routes.Under this project, the state government has offered subsidy of 50% of the total project cost, subject to a maximum limit of Rs 5 lakh (one lakh per year for a period of five years), to the owners of line hotels and motels on submission of an application expressing their willingness to upgrade and standardize their motels/ hotels. For those taking loan from the bank for setting up a motel or line hotel, the government would deposit the subsidy with the bank, which would provide the applicant the amount in instalments.Also the plan for converting four non-star hotels - Kautilya Vihar at Patna, Tathagat Vihar at Rajgir, Hotel Siddharth Vihar at Bodh Gaya and Hotel Lichchavi Vihar at Muzaffarpur - into three-star hotels, after much delay, has now started taking shape. \"The upgradation of rooms at Kautilya Vihar is already complete. We hope to complete the facelift of the other hotels within six months,\" the tourism minister said. Thereafter, the department aims to renovate nine of its hotels located at Mohania, Buxar, Vaishali, Gaya, Rajgir, Sasaram, Purnia, Kaimur and Maner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17619157", "title": "Barack Obama, Hamid Karzai to discuss future US troop presence in Afghanistan", "text": "WASHINGTON: The scheduled meeting between US President Barack Obama and his Afghan counterpart Hamid Karzai next month is expected to lay the rules of presence of US troops in the war-torn country after the 2014 security transition to Afghan forces, a presidential spokesman said.Karzai is scheduled to travel to Washington for a meeting with Obama at the White House in the week of January 7, White House Press Secretary, Jay Carney, told reporters at his daily news conference.\"The (US) President and President Karzai look forward to discussing a shared vision of Afghanistan beyond 2014, to include the post-2014 role of the United States in Afghanistan,\" he said.\"Their meeting will be an important opportunity to discuss implementation of the strategic partnership the two presidents signed in May, to include the progress we're making in negotiating the bilateral security agreement that would replace our current SOFA and lay out the rules of the road for a potential US military presence after 2014,\" Carney said.Obama also looks forward to discussing an Afghan-led peace process as well as the region and the future of Afghanistan's security forces, the White House spokesman said.The United States, he said, supports an Afghan-led process of reconciliation.\"We believe that that's essential for the long-term prospects of peace in Afghanistan,\" Carney said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17623214", "title": "Alagiri aide Essor Gopi held again on charge of land-grab", "text": "MADURAI: Union minister M K Alagiri's close associate and DMK state executive committee member Essor Gopi has been arrested in a land grabbing case in Madurai. Five other people who allegedly conspired with Gopi to grab the land have also been arrested. Gopi has been arrested several times in the past on charges of land grabbing and murder but he managed to come out on bail every time.Police said S Balasubramanian of Kutthiyarkundu near Tiruparakunram agreed to sell his 5.5 acre land at Karuvelampatti to Muthuraman. The two signed an agreement for transfer of land ownership in 2007 after Muthuraman paid Rs 50,000 as advance. But when Muthuraman went to claim the land paying the remaining sum, Balasubramanian refused stating that Essar Gopi wanted the land.In 2008, Muthuraman met Essar Gopi who had occupied the land and conveyed to him his intention to buy the land. Muthuraman also allegedly paid Rs 20 lakh to Balasubramanian in the presence of Gopi for the land. However, even after paying the amount, Gopi refused to part with the land. Balasubramanian too refused to transfer the ownership of the land.Subsequently, Muthuraman lodged a complaint with Madurai rural SP V Balakrishnan who ordered the Tiruparankunram police to investigate the case. Police found the charges against Gopi true and registered a case of land grabbing against him. Based on the case, Gopi, Balasubramanian and four of their associates were arrested.Gopi was earlier arrested on October 6 for bursting crackers, creating a nuisance in public when his brother Maruthu, a key accused in the murder of auto driver Pandiarajan, was released on bail. Gopi himself was arrested in Pandiarajan's murder case last year and Goondas Act was slapped on him, but he managed to get bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17621125", "title": "Laidback security makes museums vulnerable to theft", "text": "HYDERABAD: The recent theft of valuables from the Shamsheer Kotha near Golconda Fort underscores the lax security arrangements at the monuments and museums that come under the purview of the AP State Department of Archeology and Museums.The department has 25 museums in the state, of which three are in the city. The number of protected monuments in the state is 550, of which 28 are in the city.According to well-placed sources, there are only 120 personnel protecting monuments, excavation sites and museums. Most of them are outsourced employees as vacancies have not been filled. It also has been learnt that at many places security personnel keep a vigil during the day, while they have no security during nights.Among the three museums in the city, the Khazana Building (KB) museum and the adjacent Shamsheer Kotha are the least protected. The last time that a security guard was posted at the Kotha was five years ago. Later the guard of KB museum was also given the responsibility of the Kotha. Around 20,000 articles are reported to be missing from the Qutub Shahi era building that houses Shamsheer Kotha. \"There are invaluable statues depicting evolution from the ancient to medieval eras. Many of them are said to be worth millions of dollars in foreign markets. All of them have been left unprotected,\" one of the sources said.Of the 27 protected monuments there are many places like the Raymond's Tomb where a security guard is deployed on paper, but is seldom found on the spot.The gate to the monument is locked and visitors either have to scale the wall to get in or return dejected. As a result the compound has become a hub for drunkards. Even at monuments like Shaikpet Serai, where the department is shelling out Rs 1.2 crore on renovation, it is hard to spot a security in-charge.AP State Archeological Museum at Public Gardens which boasts of the second biggest numismatic collection in the world and many other valuables fares better than other museums. However, even here there is a shortage of trained security personnel.The department relies on attenders who, besides attending to the needs of visitors, are also entrusted with security duty. There are around 19 of them who work during the 'open hours' of the museum. Four security guards are said to be deployed at various points of the museum and two tourism police personnel are posted by the Andhra Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation .Officials of the department, speaking to TOI, said monuments where tourist footfall is substantial get more attention. An official of the department admitted that security was a concern in the night even at the state museum as they were facing a severe manpower crisis. \"We are severely short-staffed. We require at least another 300 people to adequately protect the structure. In addition to request for more funds from the finance department , we also requested the government for more men,\" said a senior official of the archeology department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17621033", "title": "Students vow to protect the elderly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a teary eyed experience for a group of 150 students of Sola Medical College when they met the elderly living in an old age home. So moved were the budding doctors that they immediately decided to help out the senior citizens in need and vowed to keep visiting the place. They also took a pledge to support their parents and elderly.Farsubhai Kakkad of Jeevan Sandhya, an old age home in Nava Vadaj, said that the move was to sensitize the youth about issues of old age and society's neglect. \"We did not expect such a response as many broke into tearsThey remembered their parents and assured the senior citizens in the old age home every help possible,\" he said. The boys pledged to support their parents and the girls decided to adopt the in-laws' house as their own. tnn\"Old age home is not a sad place nor do we want to gain sympathy of the society. We just want to uphold the right of a human being to live with dignity and for that, we need to sensitize the stake holders about it. If we pass this view of the society to our young, they will not repeat the same mistakes that created the rift between two generations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17621726", "title": "Abuse victim gets therapy", "text": "BANGALORE: A six-year-old girl who was sexually abused by her caretaker and admitted to a private hospital on Monday, was discharged on Friday. She is now undergoing counselling with a child care centre.\"More than medication, the girl needs parents' care, family support and affection now. She is more hurt emotionally than physically. So we decided to discharge her,\" sources in the Banashankari hospital said.The victim had earlier been shifted to Nimhans from the private hospital on Thursday following symptoms of severe depression. She was sent back to the hospital on Friday.Officials from Bosco Child Line visited the hospital and took custody of the child. \"We have told the parents that she needs counselling and have asked them to stay with her till the sessions end,\" said Sister Lini from Bosco Child Line.The girl's father, a native of Belur in Hassan district, expressed shock over his child's fate. He had entrusted his daughter with an acquaintance , Doreswamy of Kumaraswamy Layout, on December 6 and left for Hosur on work. Doreswamy, 46, a real estate agent, allegedly sexually abused the girl and brought the bruised and battered child to the Banashankari hospital and vanished. He has since been arrested.\"I never suspected Doreswamy's intentions. He duped me by offering financial help to set up a bakery,\" the victim's father said and added, \"My wife is bent on taking her back to the village. She doesn't understand all the legal complications.\"According to a Child Welfare Centre official, the kid will soon be taken to the Indira Gandhi Children's Hospital . \"We did not question the girl as she was tired and shocked. Soon we will take her to Nimhans for psychological treatment,\"he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620069", "title": "Sister duo create ruckus at DGP office", "text": "LUCKNOW: A high voltage drama took place outside the office of director general of police on Friday afternoon when two women sat on the road alleging cops of not paying heed to their complaint. Shivani Rajput and her sister Sonia, residents of New Sardarikheda colony in Krishnanagar, alleged that police did not act on their complaint against some locals.The two disrupted the traffic on the stretch which is frequented by senior officials. Since the lone woman constable present at the DGP office could not control the sister duo, circle officer Alambagh Amita Singh and in charge of women police station Shiva Shukla were called to persuade the sisters.The police said there was no merit in the case lodged by the sisters and added that the duo is known for staging such 'drama'. \"We carried out investigations in the case and found out from their neighbours that the two keep fuelling one controversy after another. Moreover, the said case did not hold merit to book the accused persons,\" said Shiva Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17620539", "title": "Nurse ends life, blames husband in suicide note", "text": "HYDERABAD: A nurse who recently married a doctor committed suicide on Thursday evening allegedly because of harassment by her husband at Bhanu Nagar, Madannapet.Police said that Fareena Begum, 33, was found hanging to the ceiling by her family members on Thursday. In the suicide note purportedly written by Fareena, she blamed her husband Amir Ali for her death and asked police to take action against him for cheating her. But the victim did not elaborate how she was cheated by Amir Ali. \"Fareena was a nurse at Venkateswara Nursing Home in Santoshonagar where Amir Ali works and moved in to his house at Bhanu Nagar. They got married despite opposition from their parents. But within two months after her marriage, Fareena committed suicide,\" Madannapet sub-inspector Srinivas said.Fareena had married another person Mumtaz five years ago but divorced him later. She had a daughter from her first marriage. \"After getting divorced, she lived with her parents. Because of financial problems she joined Venkateswara Nursing Home as nurse,\" Srinivas added.Based on the suicide note police registered a case under 498a (domestic violence leading to death) and 306 (abetment to commit suicide) of Indian Penal Code (IPC). Police have sought legal opinion on arresting Amir Ali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620547", "title": "Students protest after cop beats 2 for travelling on footboard", "text": "CHENNAI: Traffic came to a standstill for half-an-hour on busy Anna Salai on Friday when around 30 New College students protested, demanding action against a policeman who they said hit a couple of their colleagues travelling on the footboard in an MTC bus.Around noon, police said, about 20 students boarded a bus on route 21 (Mandaveli to Parry's) near the college. When the bus neared the Shanthi Theatre signal, a sub-inspector of the Chintadripet police station got in. He saw a few students standing on the footboard and asked them to step in. In the argument that ensued, he allegedly beat up two students. When the bus stopped and another policeman came there, the students asked him about his colleague's behaviour. The policeman allegedly said they had been asked to use mild force to deter students from travelling on footboard.The students denied travelling on the footboard and staged a protest. Other students joined in. The agitators demanded an apology from the sub-inspector. Triplicane deputy commissioner of police Anil Kumar Giri promised that action would be taken against the policeman. The students dispersed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17620997", "title": "Six held for intimidating driver of bus with school girls", "text": "PATIALA: Police have arrested six youths for chasing a bus filled with school girls and intimidating the driver of the vehicle.The incident happened on Thursday when Chamkaur Singh, the bus driver, was dropping off the students of government senior secondary school, Nabha when he realized that the bus was being followed by a group of youths riding motorcycles.Police said the youths wanted to teach the driver a lesson for informing the parents of a girl that how she was being eve-teased by a youth. The youth was beaten up by the parents after coming to know of it about a week ago.This youth and his friends decided to avenge the beating and on Thursday forcibly stopped the bus near Rohti Maura village of the district, the police said.However, as the youths started walking towards the bus, the driver started the vehicle and sped off and entered a village where the scared girls raised an alarm.All the youths fled the spot on seeing the villagers gather around the bus.The police registered a case on Thursday on the complaint of the driver and arrested the accused on Friday.Patiala SSP Gurprit Gill said, \"We have found the involvement of total seven youngsters in the incident so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17619169", "title": "Woman accused of stealing gold", "text": "Vijata Naik from Aquem-Margao on Friday filed a complaint at the Margao police station accusing 45-year- old Shakti Priolkar, a housewife, of stealing her two gold bangles worth 70,000. Naik has stated in her complaint that Priolkar had borrowed her gold bangles weighing 24gm on December 5 at 3.30pm and was to return them on December 8, but had failed to do so. The police have registered a case under Section 406 of the Indian Penal Code.Motorbike stolen at Margao: Santosh Rivonkar, who resides near the Margao police station, filed a complaint on Friday stating that motorbike, worth 50,000, had been stolen. An offence under Section 379 of Indian Penal Code was registered against unidentified persons.M M Sangodkar appointed GPSC member: The government has appointed M M Sangodkar, principal, Government college of arts, science and commerce, Khandola-Marcela, as member of the Goa Public Service Commission.Vidya Vikas Mandal ties-up with CIMA: The chartered institute of management accountants (CIMA) has announced its partnership with Vidya Vikas Mandal (VVM) on Friday, marking the entry of CIMA in Goa. Under this partnership, VVM will launch a study centre at its campus in Margao that will offer CIMA courses to the students. \"CIMA is an international qualification recognized globally, that enables students to make a career that transcends geographical and functional boundaries,\" said Arati Porwal , representative of CIMA, India. \"I am sure this collaboration will benefit all students and create various career opportunities in the field of finance ,\" said VVM president Ramnath Kare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17618465", "title": "Ratchanok's win over Baun helps Saina make semis of Super Series Finals", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saina Nehwal came up with an outstanding performance and then, with a little help from Thailand's Ratchanok Intanon, moved into the semifinals of the BWF World Super Series Final in Shenzhen, China on Friday.The Indian ace downed Juliane Schenk of Germany 21-7, 21-18 to register her only victory in the Group B and qualified by virtue of a better game advantage. Ratchanok outclassed Denmark's Tine Baun's 15-21, 14-21 which helped Saina's cause.Tine, Schenk and Saina all end the league stage with a win each while the Thai girl won all her three matches. Saina secured the second spot in the group with a 3-4 game advantage - she won three games and lost four in the group stage.Tine was third with a 3-5 game average while Schenk, who won only two games and lost five, finished fourth in the group. \"It feels good to qualify from this stage. It took some time for me to settle down but I felt quite comfortable today.We knew that if I could win in straight games, I stood a chance,\" said Saina. She will face Olympic champion Li Xuerui in the semifinals on Saturday.Xuerui topped Group A with three victories and her compatriot Shixian Wang, who will face Ratchanok in the semifinals, finished second.After Saina won against Schenk, she watched Ratchanok's match with great anxiety. Once Ratchanok drubbed Tine in straight games, the Indian camp was excited.The surprise qualification of Saina came as a welcome relief for chief coach Pullela Gopichand. \"It's quite exciting. Once Saina won in straight games against Schenk, we were more or less sure of her entry into the semifinals.She played really well today. She struggled a lot due to the conditions on the first two days. The courts are slow and she took time to get used to it,\" he said.Xuerui enjoys a 4-2 career record against Saina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17620927", "title": "Assam State Museum facing visitors' shortage", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Assam State Museum, which was once an important stop for tourists visiting the city, is now facing a shortage of visitors. Though the museum houses many precious artefacts and items of historical value, with the changing mindset and lifestyle of people, the number of visitors is fast dwindling.The opening up of other avenues like spacious cultural institutions and science museums is also responsible for this trend.The museum, one of the biggest multi-purpose museums in the country, is a treasure trove of innumerable artefacts, sculptures, rare coins, weapons, manuscripts, books and photographs. These items, some dating back to a hundred years ago, gives the visitor an opportunity to savour the history and legacy of not only the state, but also the entire northeast region.\"The younger generation today knows more about the happenings in other parts of the world than their local history and culture. The electronic media, particularly television and the internet, have had a profound impact on the people and they are no longer interested in visiting museums,\" said YS Wunglengton, director of the Directorate of Museums.The assistant curator of Assam State Museum, Jiten Shyam, said, \"At one point of time, we used to get around 200 visitors on an average basis, but now it has changed. It is mostly tourists and people who are doing research that visit the museum.\"With the building of a new building in the premises, there is hope that the new infrastructure will be successful in drawing people into its fold since the present structure is facing acute space crunch. \"We are facing a problem of space presently. Also, I think there should be some changes in the placing of the items as well. It is not feasible to think in a western perspective since there is a vast difference between them and us. We need to educate people. The quality of visitors should also be assessed and artefacts preserved well,\" added Wunglengton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17620001", "title": "SC moved forCBI probe into MNREGA row", "text": "PATNA: Delhi-based NGO, the Centre for Environment &amp; Food Security (CEFS) on Thursday filed an application in the Supreme Court seeking a CBI probe into the alleged MNREGA scam of Bihar. The next hearing on the petition has been scheduled for January 21 next year. A copy of the application has also been served on government of Bihar through its standing counsel in the SC, Gopal Singh.The CEFS sample survey in Bihar had estimated embezzlement to the tune of about Rs 6,000 crore over six years in the implementation of the rural job scheme. It had said there was blatant violation of the MNREGA operational guidelines in implementation of the scheme.The NGO's performance audit had stated that about 73% of the MNREGA funds spent in 38 districts of Bihar between 2006-07 and 2011-12 had been embezzled by the implementing authorities. Bihar had spent a total amount of Rs 8,189 crore during the six years on NREGA. This implied that a total amount of Rs 5,977 crore (73% of Rs 8,189 crore) had been misappropriated by implementing authorities, said CEFS director Parshuram Rai.The CEFS report had categorically stated: \"The scale and dimensions of MNREGA corruption in Bihar suggest that this kind of open loot is impossible without active connivance of the block and district authorities. MNREGA has various inbuilt vigilance and monitoring mechanisms and it is not possible to perpetrate such an open loot of MNREGA funds unless it is participatory and organized.\"In response to the report, rural development minister Nitish Mishra had said in the Bihar legislative council recently that the Action Taken Report (ATR) in the alleged scam would be made available on the government website by month-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17621090", "title": "Sena's change in stance comes as relief for locals", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena's claim that it will shift the temporary Bal Thackeray memorial on December 17 may calm down Shivaji Park's residents. Its plan to relocate the memorial to another part of the Shivaji Park ground had met with stiff opposition from open space activists and residents.\"The Sena has to submit a proposal to the government on constructing the samadhi at Shivaji Park. It's all speculation now. We will consult our legal experts. There are different options whether we can file a fresh petition which has wide scope for open spaces. Let the course of action take place,\" said a resident.Former Indian Police Service officer and advocate Y P Singh stated on Friday that Shivaji Park belongs to entire Mumbai. Offering legal advice to Shivaji Park's residents, he said that by planning a permanent samadhi there, sainiks will violate the coastal regulation zone (CRZ) notification, 2011, since it comes under the category of a 'park' and hence under the CRZ-III .\"Under the notification, all parts are categorized as CRZ-III , where there can be no construction. If they do it, they will violate Section 15 of the Environment Protection Act (EPA), which provides for five years' imprisonment . There is no provision in the EPA to relax rules,\" he said.\"Whether it is a resident of Shivaji Park or anywhere in Mumbai, everybody has got a locus standi to enforce the right to have open spaces ,\" said Singh.He said under the law, the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority (MCZMA) has powers under Section 5 of the EPA to remove the temporary structure.\"In this case, they are abdicating their statutory powers. So Shivaji Park residents or any other Mumbaikar can seek departmental action against MCZMA officials and they can enforce their rights, as a Supreme Court ruling says that all high courts (HC) should take immediate cognizance of CRZ violations. They can move the HC to enforce implementation of the CRZ notification. Civic officials responsible should be prosecuted under Sections 15 and 17 of the EPA,\" said Singh.A complaint filed by former bureaucrat and advocate Abha Singh is pending and MCZMA has told the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to verify if Shivaji Park is within 500m of the high tide line and falls in the CRZ category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17621842", "title": "Much-hyped Circus Academy fails to draw students", "text": "KANNUR: When the Circus Academy at Chirakkuni village near Thalassery was inaugurated in 2010, it was seen as a great step to revive the industry. But the academy failed to take off in the expected manner. It still works from a rented premise that was formerly a cinema theatre.\"People feel that circus has no future and hence are reluctant to send their wards here,\" said M P Velayudhan, the CEO of the academy.\"Circus artists from Kerala do not want their children to enter this field and the students undergoing training here are from northeastern states and Nepal ,\" he said.Though they can admit 20 students in a batch, they have only 10 students. Hostel and food is being provided to the students. All of them are admitted in the Meethalepeedika UP school near Dharmadom, where they attend the training before and after school hours.\"The project is being reworked and they are also planning to include gymnastic training in the academy. The process for the acquisition of 10 acres near the engineering college at Kundoor Mala is in the final stage,\" he said.From this year, the academy is also planning to admit regular school students in the age group of 9 to 14 years. By this they expect that some students from the circus families in Dharmadom would join the course.\"Once the academy introduces training in gymnastics with the cooperation of the Sports Council, we can mould talents who can compete in events like Asian Games and Olympics,\" he said.However, the five temporary staff including three trainers and two cooks are a worried lot. \"We are working here with the hope that it will become a big institution though we have not got salary for the last 10 months,\" said K Raghavan, a former circus artist, who is now a trainer here. \"If the government does not take steps to attract more children into this field, circus industry will be a thing of the past.\"Meanwhile, district collector Rathan Kelkar said the district administration has taken all steps to start the work of a permanent campus for the academy.with all the state-of-the-art facilities and modern equipment, and once that becomes a reality all their worries would be eased.\"Fund is not an issue for the circus academy and if everything goes according to our plan, we would be able to start the work of the new campus in the beginning of the next financial year,\" said the district collector, who is also the chairman of the academy. But the academy will have a future only when the circus artists get recognition in the society as well as some financial security. And for that, the industry should be revived, feel those who are associated with circus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621573", "title": "Sex racket: Foreigner among 3 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three women, including a foreigner, were arrested on Friday for alleged involvement in a prostitution racket. The sex racket was being operated from a bungalow in Rohini, northwest Delhi under the name of a \"transport office\" , police said.\"The pimp has been identified as Renu. One of the women is from Turkmenistan and had come to the country in May on a tourist visa, the other woman was involved in a similar racket in Laxmi Nagar,\" said B S Jaiswal , DCP outer Delhi.Renu convinced them into prostitution and hired them on a monthly contract. Renu would allure businessmen , property dealers and traders and charge Rs 5,000 for a deal.\"The accused would charge an additional Rs 2,000 if the client sought accommodation, and charged extra for alcohol ,\" Jaiswal added. The ring was busted after the neighbours tipped-off the police. A cop was sent as a decoy customer and afterstriking a deal, he alerted his team, who then raided the place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17621826", "title": "GOP target Rice exits race for secretary of state", "text": "WASHINGTON: Susan Rice, the United States ambassador to the United Nations , withdrew herself from consideration as secretary of state to replace Hillary Clinton in President Obama's second term after weeks of blazing row with the Republican old guard. Senate Republicans had threatened to derail her presumptive nomination over what they considered her weak record on national security, a perception both she and her supporters strongly challenged.Rice wrote a letter to Obama \"respectfully\" requesting him not to consider her for the post because the confirmation process would be \"lengthy, disruptive and costly ...to you and to our most pressing national and international priorities\" , adding, \"that trade-off is simply not worth it to our country\" . Obama accepted her request with words of praise for her service.Attention immediately turned to Senator John Kerry , who was among the two top contenders for the post even before the controversy broke. Although he too has been pilloried over his national security credentials when he ran for president in 2004, collegial Senate Republicans have indicated that he will be a shoo-in for the post should President Obama nominate him.Rice's career is far from over. Obama could make her his National Security Advisor \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a cabinet appointment which does not require Senate confirmation \u00e2\u20ac\u201d just to stick it to the Republicans with whom he is having a contentious time over budget issues. Democrats seethed over the setback on Thursday.Rice \"deserved far more respect than she was shown by certain Senate Republicans ,\" Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said, adding, \"Their behaviour was a disgrace to the Senate's tradition of bipartisan cooperation on national security issues and beneath the stature of senators with otherwise distinguished records on national security.\"The reference was, among others, to Senator John McCain , who led the effort to derail Rice's prospective nomination, ostensibly because she made misleading statements pointing to spontaneous protests as the possible reason for the attack in Benghazi which led to the death of the U.S ambassador in Libya .Obama defended Rice, who is an African-American of Jamaican- origin who grew up in Washington DC , saying she was only echoing the administration's talking points early in the fog of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621609", "title": "Man kills two, stabs mother; arrested on spot", "text": "NEW DELHI: A showdown between a woman and her estranged son in outer Delhi over property led to the murder of two persons. The woman , herself, received grievous stab injuries. Shahjahan is stated to be critical and her son, Akmal, has been arrested. An associate of Akmal is at large.The deceased were identified as Shamsul Hasan (48), a local property dealer, and his associate, Kamaluddin (45). The murders took place at Swarna Jayanti Vihar in Tikri Khurd near Alipur about 3.45pm. Shahjahan, who now lives by herself, arrived there about 3pm, accompanied by Hasan and Kamaluddin.\"The three started quarreling with Akmal, his cousin Sadiya and others claiming ownership to the land. They came to blows before Akmal stabbed three people including his mother. The two men died on the spot. Akmal , who did not flee from the spot, was arrested,\" DCP (Outer) B S Jaiswal said .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620100", "title": "Indo-US `bonhomie\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 strains bilateral ties with Iran", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Iran reached a deal with the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) for the next round of nuclear talks to be held on January 16, Tehran said India was leaning too close to the US for bilateral ties to remain untouched.\"We have long and friendly relations with India. We can continue to be friends. We can try to materialize this potential. But if India keeps moving towards Washington, then there will be some limitations for us,\" Mostafa Dolatyar, head of Iran's Institute of Political and International Studies and a member of Iran's nuclear negotiating team, told journalists. However, he added that Tehran understood New Delhi's constraints and left it to India to define its relationship with Iran. \"India is a developing country. We know their limitations. We are not living in Mars. We are living on earth.\"Dolatyar was particularly critical of India not utilizing adequately the Iranian market, when even the US could do so despite its sanctions. \"When American products can find their way into our markets, why can't India products. They (India) have to find a way. It is not the fault of the Iranian government because despite sanctions American products continue to be sold in Iran,\" he said.Iran was also supportive of India's role in Afghanistan, but was clear that the US presence could be a negative. \"If India wants to do something substantive we are fine with it because Afghanistan is in India's immediate neighborhood. But we have doubts as far as American involvement is concerned,\" he said.On Thursday, foreign minister Salman Khurshid said India would \"review\" its oil imports from Iran in new year. India has substantially reduced its oil imports from Iran, which is down from 16% to 10% in a couple of years. New Delhi also recently got an extension of a waiver by the US administration.\"I think we are well within the structure of US waiver. The bottom line of the conditions of the waiver has been satisfied which is you should not increase dependency on it,\" the minister said on the sidelines of a CII seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621715", "title": "'No treatment for MLA at SSKM'", "text": "KOLKATA: The opposition have been crying foul against Mamata Banerjee government's partisan role. Surjya Kanta Mishra gave it a new dimension on Friday by giving the \"partisan\" tag to SSKM Hospital authorities.Mishra complained that the SSKM authorities tried to downplay the injuries of the two CPM MLAs Gauranga Chatterjee and Deblina Hembram taken to the hospital the day the assembly witnessed a slugfest. \"Doctors attending to the MLAs were under pressure from two senior Cabinet members, who wanted them to downplay the injuries. Chatterjee was released despite a serious skull injury that has been borne out in the CT scan plate and report. Doctors didn't do an ultra sonography of Deblina Hembram's stomach even after she complained of stomach pain. Deblina has stones in her gall bladder,\" the opposition leader said.The opposition leader cited the instances to argue that there was a dual treatment facility for the lawmakers - a better one for those belonging to the ruling party and one for the opposition MLAs. \"It appears that the new government has introduced a discriminatory treatment facility for the MLAs,\" Mishra said.He alleged that CPM MLA Gouranga Chatterjee was discharged without treatment from SSKM Hospital. Chatterjee, who received injuries on his head following a scuffle at the state assembly on December 11, had been released after preliminary treatment. The MLA suffered a crack on his right temple and is suffering from a cardiac problem.The hospital authorities, on the other hand, denied the charge. \"We are not under any kind of pressure. People from all parties come to this hospital for treatment,\" said SSKM medical superintendent Tamal Kanti Ghosh.\"A team of neuro-surgeons and cardiac-surgeons examined Chatterjee. They are competent enough to suggest what tests should be performed on the patient. The did not find anything serious to warrant admission or further treatment. So, he was released within an hour of being brought to the hospital,\" said Ghosh.Asked why CPM MLA Deblina Hembram was denied an ultra sonography after she complained of stomach pain, Ghosh said the MLA did not mention about it. \"I have spoken to the doctors and they told me she didn't complain of pain. Doctors attended to her injuries. They were not aware of her pre-existing ailment. Had she complained of stomach pain, a test would surely have been done,\" Ghosh said. He added that Hembram's stomach pain had nothing to do with the injuries she suffered in the assembly slugfest.The alleged political discrimination raised eyebrows in political circles. Former West Bengal assemblySpeaker Hashim Abdul Halim held that it was a serious matter and a violation of human rights if the allegation was found true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17619935", "title": "Infection from pacemaker spreads to man's kidney", "text": "MUMBAI: A device meant to prolong the life of a 51-year-old policeman almost killed him when it got infected. Bhima Viranak never imagined he would get off the ventilator and survive to tell the tale of his battle with a life-threatening infection, which was spread by the pacemaker that had kept him alive for almost a decade.It started with a fever and slight discharge of pus from the left side of the chest. Doctors at Fortis Hospital, Mulund, suspected a mild infection, but never imagined it would cover the whole of Viranak's heart. When antibiotics did not work, the patient had to be reeled in for an emergency surgery. Doctors found the infection had not only devoured the pulse generator of the pacemaker, which is the equivalent of a tiny, battery-operated computer, but also the wires lodged deep inside the heart. The infection, originating from the pulse generator, travelled to the heart through the wires. The heart soon started sending infected blood to the rest of the body. Globally, such an incidence occurs among 0.13-7% of those living with implants.Viranak's kidneys were the first to bear the brunt of the life-threatening infection. The assistant sub-inspector of police recollected how he had great difficulty urinating. Soon, he started developing breathing difficulties and in no time had to be put on ventilator for four days. His treating doctor and cardiac surgeon Dr Nilesh Maru said the infection had spread to his vital organs, including the liver.\"We changed the pulse generator of the pacemaker thinking that would kill the infection, though the wires were kept untouched,\" he said. \"Removing the wires requires an elaborate open heart surgery.\" That eventually had to be done as replacing a part of the device did not solve Viranak's problem.Cardiologist Dr Kalyan Datta, who was part of the treating team, said it was difficult to point the source of infection. \"In patients living with devices, any infection originating in another part of the body tends to spread to the foreign body. Maintaining the device and timely check-ups are the key to a healthy life\"Viranak admitted he was negligent in these respects. He said that after 2006, he never went for follow-up checks at JJ Hospital, where the pacemaker was implanted. But he is glad about one thing: his doctors have told him he does not need the pacemaker any more.In patients living with devices, any infection originating in another part of the body tends to spread to the foreign body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17620544", "title": "47 kids suffer from heart problems in Dharwad dist", "text": "HUBLI: Here's heartbreaking news for mothers of rural children. The recent drive of the Dharwad district health department found 47 children suffering from cardiovascular problems.The department also did a body mass index test on 1,44,585 children between 6 months to 6 years in 1,467 anganwadis. During the test, 92,631 children were normal in weight and 48,884 children were underweight. Also, 187 children had respiratory system problems, 36 children with central nervous system problems and 2,008 had worms, anaemia and other problems. Of the kids tested, 3,070 children were severely underweight and 296 were suffering from various diseases. Others were treated by doctors of primary health centres. Children diagnosed with serious health problems were referred to specialists at major hospitals.Dr SM Honakeri, programme officer, district hospital, Dharwad, told TOI: \"First we check the child's weight to check if it's correct as per the age. Then we analyze the growth chart, and if any children are underweight, we refer them to primary health centres. If doctors suggest further treatment, the children are taken to specialist paediatricians in district hospitals.\"Currently, 24 out of 296 children suffering from various diseases were admitted to Bal Sanjeevini Hospital in Dharwad. Also, 91 children were admitted to Nutritional Rehabilitation Centres (NRC). There are two in Dharwad district - at the Karnataka Institute of Medical Science Hospital in Hubli and at the Dharwad District Hospital. \"If surgery is required, doctors will do the needful. Otherwise, they keep the children under observation,\" said Dr Honakeri.Most underweight children were from urban areas of Hubli and Dharwad out of 3070 underweight children. Around 784 children are from Hubli-Dharwad urban areas, in Dharwad Rural area 686, in Navalgund 538, in Kalghatagi 425 and other children were found from other areas of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17620578", "title": "Inter-state gang of thieves held", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada police have arrested eight members of a tribal gang of inter-state thieves.All the arrested are from Bhag Thanda, Kukshi Taluk, Dhar district of Madhya Pradesh and are allegedly wanted in several cases committed in Gujarat, Rajasthan, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh , Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.Superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal told reporters here that of the eight persons four- Amar Singh alias Amjath, 28, Sardar, 20, Madhan, 32 and Bahulia, 50,- were taken into custody from Sabarabailu near Sonandoor village of Belthangady taluk on November 30. One of their accomplices Ban Singh managed to flee.\"The accused were all set to commit an act of dacoity and were in possession of chili powder and iron rods. During interrogation, they confessed committing thefts in several jewellery shops under Mulky police station limits, Bantwal town police station limits, Punjalkatte, Hiriyadka police station limits in Udupi district. Through CCTV video footages, it is confirmed that the accused were involved in the offence. They are also wanted in a case committed at Sakleshpur in Hassan district in December 2011,\" he said.The accused had sold the silver articles to Vijay Kumar Soni alias Munna,50, of Jobat of Alirajpur district of Madhya Pradesh.A police team went to Dhar, Indore and Alirajpur districts and recovered silver articles worth about Rs 13 lakh and arrested Vijay Soni, the SP said.Three other members of the gang- Ushan Bilala, 38, Mohan Singh alias Munsha, 30, and Madiya Bhuriya, 40- were arrested on December 4. Police also recovered silver items worth Rs 1 lakh from them.\"They had hired a vehicle. We have recovered equipment used for breaking locks from them. They even damaged CC TV cameras of shops after committing the offence,\" the SP said adding that so far about 40 per cent of the stolen articles have been recovered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17619467", "title": "Shanmugam, Salgaocar forever", "text": "MARGAO: Thulukhanam Shanmugam took great pride in the only golden ring on his finger.\"Can you see the 'S' inscribed on the ring. It stands for Salgaocar. It's special to me, will always be,\" the hugely-successful former Salgaocar and Goa coach told TOI early this year during a chance meeting at his Bangalore residence.Shanmugam breathed his last on Friday, aged 93, and, for all you know, would have still had that ring on his finger. Like he admitted, that ring was special to him, and for Salgaocar, it was pretty much the same.\"He is one of the finest coaches that we had and an absolute gentleman,\" said club president Shivanand Salgaocar, who gifted Shanmugam the golden ring when he guided the club to their first Federation Cup triumph in 1988, the first Goan side to have won the tournament, India's most prestigious at that time.Shanmugam and Salgaocar repeated the Federation Cup feat the next year at Coimbatore but lost out on a grand hat-trick when they lost by a solitary goal to Kerala Police in Thrissur.Shanmugam was Salgaocar's longest serving coach, having joined the team in 1979 and left only in 1996.It was not just with Salgaocar that he achieved unparalleled success. His record of winning two back-to-back Santosh Trophy titles with Goa in 1983 and 1984 has stood the test of time.Even with the Indian team, Shanmugam's influence was hard to miss. It was the duo of technical director Shanmugam and captain Mauricio Afonso who helped India play unbelievably good tactical matches against mighty teams like Russia, Hungary and Poland in the inaugural edition of the Nehru Cup at Fatorda in 1989.\"Shanmugam changed the style of football in Goa and actually introduced the renowned tika-taka style of Spanish football which was associated with Salgaocar in the seventies and eighties,\" said Salgaocar.Among the best football brains in the country during his time and, unarguably, the strictest coach you could come across, Shanmugam somehow rebuffed offers from leading Kolkata clubs.\"I would have made a lot of money in Calcutta (now Kolkata) but Salgaocar treated me quite well, and most importantly, with respect. I never wanted to leave,\" Shanmugam had said early this year.Shanmugam, India's grandest and oldest footballer , is now gone forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17621786", "title": "China warns Japan a day after air duel", "text": "BEIJING: China is prepared to send its fighter planes to the disputed area off the Japanese coast if Tokyo again scrambles its jets and challenges Chinese surveillance activities, Global Times newspaper said in an opinion piece on Friday.\"China needs to warn against Japan's attempt to intercept, or it will result in a response from China, such as sending the air force to the area and reserving the right to take further actions,\" the state-controlled paper said.The article was in response to Japan's despatching eight F-15 fighter jets soon after a surveillance plane owned by China's Ocean administration flew over the Japan-controlled Diaoyu islands in East China Sea, islands that are also being claimed by China and are known as Senkaku in the country.\"It is necessary to speed up this action and make the patrol a regular move,\" said the article, which may have been vetted by senior Communist Party officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17621002", "title": "Simulation to help improve steel quality, feel scientists", "text": "RANCHI: Over 200 experts from across the world brainstormed in the city for the past three days to discuss technological changes in steel manufacturing which can help improve quality, reduce input cost and at the same time develop special products.The scientists, from different countries like the US, Canada, Australia, the UK, Germany, Korea, Japan, Sweden, were part of SIMPRO-12, a three-day international conference on 'Thermo-Mechanical Simulation and Processing of Steels', which concluded on Friday. It was organized by SAIL's Research and Development Centre in Iron and Steel (RDCIS).SK Mohapatra, chief of communication at RDCIS, said all the scientists unanimously agreed on maximum use of simulation to improve material design and processing. \"Experts from all the countries agreed that simulation will help in designing the materials and processes for future generation,\" said Mohapatra.Before the concluding session, 20 technical papers were presented on process simulation, process control, mathematical modelling and material characterization.Executive director at RDCIS S Varadarajan, and Prof John J Jonas of Mc Gill University, Canada, David J Matlock of Colorado School of Mines , US, and Prof SV Subramanian of Mc Master University in Canada shared their experiences in steel processing and how minor changes in processing technology can work wonder in improving quality of steel.Other important speakers were Nobuhiro Tsuji of Japan, Todd Bonesteel of the US, Heiko Kroll of Germany, Deepak Mazumdar of Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur, and J K Chakraborty of Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17619104", "title": "Neelgai poaching bid backfires on poacher", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A suspected poacher got a taste of his own medicine when he was seriously injured in a bid to poach a neelgai in Dhaba forest range but the animal retaliated in self-defence. The incident occurred on December 10 night but the forest officials learnt about it only on Thursday when Govind Aloni of Sakmur village filed an application with Dhaba range office seeking expenses for the treatment of his son Kachru Aloni while claiming that he was attacked by a wild boar.Kachru has been admitted to Chandrapur civil hospital. RFO of Dhaba range Sanjay Bhandari, said the applicant claimed that Kachru was attacked by a wild boar during night vigil in the farm. \"However, prima facie it appears to be a case of poaching bid that backfired. Kachru has injury on his chest, which is unlikely to have been caused by a wild boar. We suspect that Kachru and his friends tried to bring down a bigger animal like blue bull (Neelgai) with spear but the animal attacked Kachru in self-defence.\" Bhandari visited Chandrapur civil hospital to record Kachru's statement but he was not in a condition to speak.The RFO said investigation is in progress. \"The story submitted by Kachru's father has loopholes. We would be interrogating Kachru's friends, who were with him when the incident occurred, and also carry out spot inspection to verify their claims,\" said Bhandari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17621697", "title": "Not the \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBest\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 of poll planks anymore", "text": "VADODARA: Scared by BJP's success with Hindutva plank in the two successive assembly elections, Congress, too, is trying to project its 'soft Hindutva' face in Gujarat. And the 'Best' example, ironically, is that of the Best Bakery case of 2002.Best Bakery in Hanuman Tekri area of Vadodara was attacked by a communally charged mob, which burned down the bakery, killing 14 people on March 1, 2002. Twelve of those targeted were Muslims including the Sheikh family, owners of the bakery. Two Hindu workers employed at the bakery were also killed.\"Nobody has mentioned this name (Best Bakery) so far in any manner during the campaign. Not even Congress. Why are you raking up this old and forgotten issue?\" asked Manisha Vakil, the BJP candidate from the reserved Vadodara city assembly seat, which covers Hanuman Tekri. Vakil's reaction is understandable since her party workers have been charged of the crime. But it sounds strange when the Congress too, which has accused the Narendra Modi government a million times of the carnage, also shies away from talking about it.Congress candidate Jayshri Solanki's husband Ashwin Solanki, reacted in a fumbling shock. \" Arre ..nahin ..nahin..hamari taraf se aisi koi baat nahi hai... Sab shanti hai to fir...koi mamla hi nahin banta...( There is peace everywhere.... this is no issue now...\" and hangs up the phone on the pretext of being busy.The Supreme Court had ordered a retrial of the case in Mumbai after the fast-track court acquitted all the accused. So far, four accused have been sentenced for life. Niraj Jain, one of the defence lawyers in this case, feels those jailed are actually victims. \"You talk of the victims! Victims in fact are in the jail, languishing without having committed any crime,\" he thunders.Interestingly, another defence lawyer Rajendra Trivedi, has been given the BJP ticket from Raopura assembly seat. On being asked if it was reward for his services, he takes an offence. \"There were 15 lawyers representing the accused in the case. One of them is from Congress too. What's wrong in that? I just did it as a professional.\" But Bharat Thakkar, elder brother of a convict Sanjay Thakkar, feels disgusted with the government. \"Just don't want to talk about the government. They did not help us in any manner. Had the government helped a little, my brother would have been out here with me,\" he laments.Ironically, in the slum-like settlement area of Best Bakery, Hinna Nafitullah Khan, the sole member of the Sheikh family with her two children, Sameer, 12 and Sabira 8 years, too wants to forget the past for a better future. \"You see, I have got to live with these people. Putting everything behind, I have moved with them (Hindu neighbors) ahead. They treat me like a sister. My children are getting education. By working hard, I have set up a farm of 17 goats in this rebuilt house. Now I want to live for my children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620314", "title": "Police have to file FIR within two days: State", "text": "MUMBAI: The police will have to register an FIR within two days of receiving a criminal complaint, the state has informed the Bombay high court. And, if no offence is made out, they will have to inform the complainant within five days.The state's statements came following an HC order asking the police to inform citizens within a short period if a criminal case could be made out of their complaints.The circular issued by the state DGP asks police stations across the state to register FIRs forthwith whenever a complaint of a cognizable offence is made. However, if the police have doubts, they can conduct a preliminary inquiry within 48 hours. At the end of 48 hours, they can decide whether to go ahead and register an FIR. If the police decide not to register a formal FIR, they have another three days to inform a complainant that no criminal offence can be made out.The state was represented by public prosecutor Revati Dhere and additional public prosecutor Mankunwar Deshmukh. Advocate Dhere told the court that a correction had been issued in the circular in keeping with the court's orders.A division bench headed by Justice Abhay Oka had taken suo motu taken cognizance of the issue after coming across a large number of petitions filed in court as the police had failed to inform people about the status of their complaints. The court had said the police had an obligation to communicate to citizens if a complaint merits registration of a case. It had also pointed out that petitions had been piling up as the police did not care to communicate their decisions to complainants, who were forced to seek relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620639", "title": "Businessman hit by SUV, dies of injuries", "text": "CHENNAI: A 33-year-old businessman died on the spot when he was hit by a SUV near Uthandi on East Coast Road on Friday morning. Traffic was disrupted for about half-an-hour due to the accident.Tamil Amudhan of School Street in Muttukadu, was going on his bike towards Thoraipakkam when the accident occurred around 10am. He was wearing a helmet. After hitting him, the SUV rammed a tree on the road side and came to a halt. A few construction labourers at a site close to the accident spot rushed there.Fearing the repercussion, the occupants of the SUV, including the driver, abandoned the car and fled.Preliminary inquiries revealed that the SUV was trying to overtake another vehicle when the accident occurred. Tamil Amudhan, who ran a packaged drinking water manufacturing unit at Thoraipakkam, is survived by his wife Nithya and sons Satish, 13, and Pugazh, 10.The Adyar traffic investigation police registered a case and launched a hunt for the SUV driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620077", "title": "Crackdown on gold smuggling from Thailand", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a countrywide raid on gold jewellers and traders suspected of fraudulently importing gold through Thailand, the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) recovered Rs 8.50 crore in duties and seized five kg of gold on Thursday.The seizure was part of a month-long operation against unscrupulous jewellers and traders across the metros. The total seizure stands at over 40 kg.DRI has been on the tail of such traders ever since it observed a sudden surge in gold imports from Thailand this festive season even though the country has no reserves of its own and has prices at par with India. The raids were conducted on jewellers and traders in Delhi, Mumbai and Chennai. Similar raids were conducted a few weeks ago in these cities apart from Surat and Kolkata.According to sources, traders are fraudulently exploiting a clause in India's Free Trade Agreement with Thailand from where gold jewellery can be imported at a custom duty of 1% as against a regular duty of 4-10%. The only catch being that there should be value addition (in terms of design) of 20% in the jewellery to avail this concession as Thailand itself imports gold to manufacture jewellery.\"Simple gold chains have been imported with a certificate of 20% value addition, which is not possible. This is a clear case of duty evasion through fraudulent means. The problem is most jewellery items have actually been imported from Hong Kong and Singapore and routed through Thailand after changing its packing and getting a certificate. One of the traders we raided has his brother sitting in Thailand arranging all this,\" a DRI official said.The DRI found a spurt in smuggling at a time when traders had forecast a massive dip in gold imports due to dwindling demand in a recession-hit economy. \"The demand for gold in India never dips substantially, no matter what the price,\" the DRI official said.The government had increased import duty on gold in January to curb its import as it viewed it as an unproductive investment. The move, however, has not brought any substantial dip in demand but contributed to smuggling, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618929", "title": "Kadam assures spl GR for sarpamitras", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 100 sarpamitras, under the banner of Vidarbha Sarpamitra Samiti, took out a rally to the assembly on Friday in support of their various demands. A delegation of 10 sarpamitras later met forest minister Patangrao Kadam and submitted a memorandum. Principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF) (Wildlife) SWH Naqvi was also present during the meeting.Sarpamitra Monu Singh said, \"Patangrao Kadam has assured that all possible help will be extended to the sarpamitras and a special Government Resolution (GR) will be issued to include our demands since the existing GRs have no provisions for them.\"Some of the demands include issuance of identity cards, free medical facilities in case of accidents, snake catching kits, insurance cover, developing snake parks and venom collection centres to facilitate employment for sarpamitras.\"Kadam informed that ID proofs have been issued to sarpamitras in other regions and reasons behind their non-issuance here would be investigated. He also said the problems encountered by sarpamitras were serious. He asked Naqvi to look into the issue and submit a report by Tuesday,\" added Singh.Kadam has also asked the sarpamitras to meet Naqvi on Tuesday and get acquainted with the developments. \"During a rescue attempt one of our female colleagues was bitten by a cobra and suffered serious health problems. She had to spend around Rs3 lakh on treatment. When we approached the forest department, we were told that there was no GR which categorized snakes as wild animals. Hence, the forest minister has assured us of bringing out a special GR,\" said Singh.He also informed that Kadam will be visiting Nagpur next month and have a detailed discussion with sarpamitras on their problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17621149", "title": "Arrest of Guptas imminent", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice KC Bhanu of the AP high court on Friday paved the way for the arrest realtor Gowri Shankar Gupta and his brother Gopal Gupta in a case of duping DLF Ltd to a tune of Rs 280 crore. The judge made this order while upholding an order of the fourth additional metropolitan sessions judge, who earlier cancelled the bail granted to the duo by a trial court. The HC found fault with the two as they were seeking bail without surrendering before the trial court.Earlier, the sessions judge cancelled their bail on the ground of non-appearance in the magistrate court while seeking bail. A case was pending against GS Gupta, his brother and several others at the Central Crime Station charging them with cheating real estate major DLF Ltd.The Guptas had moved the Supreme Court earlier, seeking anticipatory bail. Dismissing their bail applications on May 18, the apex court granted relief to the duo by giving protection from arrest for a period of three weeks. Later, they moved the magistrate court seeking bail and were granted eventually.The Central Crime Station ( CCS) challenged the magistrate court order on technical grounds before the sessions court and got the orders dismissed.The Guptas then, moved the high court challenging the orders of the sessions court. Public prosecutor Vinod Kumar Deshpande said that the petitioners should have surrendered before the trial court before seeking bail. Without that, granting them bail would be illegal, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17619264", "title": "Plan afoot to lessen red lights", "text": "NOIDA: To ease flow of vehicles and better traffic management between Delhi, Noida, Ghaziabad and Faridabad, Noida traffic police have synchronized the first set of signals along one of the major arterial roads in the city. They are now timed to allow traffic to move freely with a minimum of stops.Traffic cops plan to adjust the green-light time for the entire city's system of nearly 75 traffic lights. For starters, commuters can experience a free-flow traffic corridor on Master Plan-II road.In the first phase of the plan, synchronization will initially be implemented on selected corridors, like from Nithari crossing towards NTPC , Sector 55, and Flex crossing in Sector 61. \"The next routes to be orchestrated will the Master Plan-I and 111 roads. This would mean 'no-stop' movement from Delhi via DND, from Ghaziabad via NH-24 and from Faridabad via Kalindi Kunj,\" said Dharmender Singh Yadav, traffic inspector. \"After completing work along these high-density traffic corridors, we will then cover all busy junctions and crowded points,\" he added.Moreover, the decision of the traffic police to manually operate a few traffic signals during morning and evening peak hours will spell further relief for commuters.Officials said traffic signals will be synchronized so motorists do not get stuck at red lights repeatedly.\"If commuters drive at a steady speed (about 40-50 kmph), they should get subsequent lights green,\" said MP Singh, SP (Traffic).Cops say that due to lack of synchronized signals, cases of people jumping red light and accidents had increased manifold. \"Poorly timed signals frustrate motorists and this in turn leads to a rise in number of red light jumping cases. We expect such violations to decrease once all signals are synchronized,\" Singh added.Traffic cops also said that they were mulling over installing 'vehicle activated signals'. \"The system has sensors which read the density of vehicles and automatically change traffic lights,\" explained Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17620546", "title": "Aged woman robbed, killed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Thieves struck in the city since Thursday night killing an aged woman and looting shops and residences. Their victims included a jewellery shop in Tarnaka. The thieves plundered more than 50 tolas of gold and five kilos of silver in the raids.At Injapur colony, Vanasthalipuram, burglars throttled a 70-year-old woman to death and decamped with 15 tolas of gold and some cash. S Balamma, the victim, was alone at her house. Her younger son Shiva Reddy, who lives with her and works in a media house, was away in his office. When Shiva returned home at 6 am on Friday, the main door was open. When he went inside, everything was topsy-turvy and his mother was in an unconscious state. Later, it was confirmed that she was dead. The almirah was open and the valuables including gold were found missing,'' Vanasthalipuram police said.In an another incident at Tarnaka, burglars targeted a jewellery shop from where over 30 tolas of gold and 4 kilo of silver were stolen. The shutter of Gold World, a shop on the Tarnaka main road towards Habsiguda, was found open by its owner Ashok Kotari when he came to open it on Friday morning and gold and silver ornaments kept in the display shelf missing. \"The shop was closed by the jeweller at 9pm on Thursday. The exact value of the missing property is still being ascertainedby Katari and his staff,\" Osmania University additional inspector K Madhu Mohan Reddy said.Police said that the CCTV cameras installed in the shop were found to be non-functional and there was only one watchman for the entire building. The jewellery shop staff claimed that the CCTV cameras stopped working only a few days ago. Mohammed Mahmood, the watchman, told the cops that he was awake till 4 am.In the other incidents, the residents of Lecturers Colony, Hayathnagar, woke up on Friday to find nearly 5 houses targeted by burglars. While no valuables were taken away by burglars at four houses, Narsi Reddy, a businessman, lost five tolas of gold and other valuables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17620713", "title": "Techie's wife commits suicide", "text": "BANGALORE: Mamata, 22, a homemaker, hanged herself from a ceiling fan in her residence at Pragati Nagar, under Electronic City police limits, on Thursday night.Mamata was married to Ajay, a software engineer working with an IT major. Police said the couple, from Orissa, was married for two years.On Thursday night, police suspect the couple had an argument, after which the woman locked herself in a room and ended her life. Ajay broke open the door, brought her down and rushed her to a nearby private hospital where she was declared brought dead.Mamata did not leave a suicide note.Police said preliminary investigations didn't reveal any foul play on the part of the husband. Mamata's parents, who arrived from Orissa, told police their daughter was keen on moving back to Orissa. They said they had discouraged Mamata from coming, promising her they would come down to Bangalore. She may have been depressed over not being able to return to her hometown.Police said the elderly couple did not want to register any case against their son-in-law. A case of unnatural death was registered by Electronic City police. Mamata's body has been kept at Victoria Hospital for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621566", "title": "CM eyes bigger role in national politics", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Bengal is running Bengal, Bengal can run India tomorrow,\" chief minister Mamata Banerjee declared on Friday, stressing on a bigger role for herself in national politics, hours ahead of her first visit to Delhi ever since she quit the UPA.The chief minister was interacting with captains of industry at a business conclave in Hyatt Regency Hotel, which Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar also attended. But he arrived late and missed the much-hyped meeting with Mamata, thus putting to rest the buzz on JD-U and Trinamool Congress forging an alliance of non-BJP and non-Congress parties.Nitish told reporters, \"I couldn't meet Mamataji because of the flight delay\". He also ruled out an interim election saying, \"The government will run like this.\" But Mamata's preoccupation with matters political in the run up to 2014 Lok Sabha elections was apparent as she aired her views before members of the Young President's Organisation (YPO)-World President's Organisation (WPO).Highlighting the importance of regional parties in national politics, she said, \"Regional parties understand local aspirations. They connect better with the people.\"Soon after the meet where she told the YPO/WPO members, \"They (the Congress) bulldoze and try to get their way\", Mamata left for Delhi immediately to catch a Delhi flight which was two hours late. Accompanied by MPs Derek O'Brien and Mukul Roy, the CM will convene an investors' meet jointly organised by Fion Saturday. She would also go on to see Parliamentarians of \"like-minded parties\" at the Central Hall on Monday. This would be Mamata's first visit to the Capital since she pulled out of the UPA.\"They (the Congress) bulldoze and try to get their way,\" Mamata to the YPO/WPO members.Walking out of the closed-door event, the chief minister said, \"It was a very good meeting. I have asked the investors present to come to Bengal and invest in tourism, roads and infrastructure.\"Among those present was Vijay Mallya, chairman, U B Group, was present. The 85 YPO-WPO members from Kolkata included Sanjiv Goenka, Harsh Neotia, Karan Paul, Utsav Parekh and Rajeev Jhawar. The star attraction was author Jeffery Archer. Bollywood stars Sonam and Anil Kapoor were also there.Mamata was introduced by Goenka as one who was instrumental in ending the 34 years of Left rule. \"MBA now stands for Mamata Business Acumen,\" said the RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group chairman. In her speech, Mamata said, \"I don't know good English like the Spanish English or British English. I came from a very middle class family and have never gone to big schools. I shall address in my own way.\"She then referred to the 34 years of Left rule, saying, \"Our finance is in a bad shape, all because of them. Yet our GDP is 6.94 % against the national average of 5.5 %. Bengal has lost several mandays in the past because of bandhs. Our target is to make it zero. We don't want bandh or strike.\"The chief minister laid bare her cards and talked about her \"political compulsion\" regarding \"no forcible land acquisition\". She then elucidated on the latest land allotment policy that proposed to auction government land for industry.\"We have land. Come and invest. Not in big industries, but in health, education, roads and tourism.\" She added that the state firmed up 14 projects soon after announcing the land allotment policy.\"The CM answered every question with ease and encouraged the investors to get connected with Brand Bengal,\" said M P Derek O' Brien.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619417", "title": "Excise department all set to put a cap on liquor licences", "text": "PANAJI: The state government may have been quite liberal in granting licenses for the sale of alcohol in the past but it is now in the process of issuing a notification to stop giving fresh licenses for sale of alcohol in housing societies in villages.An amendment to excise rules is being made, said a government official.Excise commissioner Menino D'Souza said the decision has been taken since families living in housing societies having alcohol-vending outlets are exposed to nuisance. This is quite common in the villages, where commercials units on the ground floor comprise bars or retail/wholesale liquor vendors.In all, 8,818 licences have so far been issued by the excise department.These include licences for sale of alcohol in bars, hotels , sale of packaged bottles, Indian made foreign liquor (IMFL) and foreign liquor (FL).Bardez tops the list with 2,116 licences, Salcete ranks second with 1,912 licenses, while Tiswadi has the third liquor licences - 1,065.The excise commissioner said the number of licences is more in Bardez and Salcete, as these coastal areas have a large number of eateries and bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621174", "title": "Sectors 9, 43 to get another parking lot", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following repeated requests from city residents to construct parking lots in commercial areas of sectors 9 and 43, Chandigarh municipal corporation is considering adding one parking lot each, in both the sectors. MC's parking wing will inspect both the sites before starting the work.MC has also identified the probable sites in the commercial areas of both the sectors where these parking lots can come up. Both these sites are situated adjoining the market complexes and the parking lots constructed here will accommodate 200 to 300 vehicles at a time.MC's parking wing superintendent Kashmira Singh said, \"We are considering constructing a parking lot each in sectors 9 and 43. The project is being assessed and a decision will be taken after thoroughly inspecting the sites and their feasibility.\" An inspection is being done throughout the city to check the feasibility of adding parking lots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620886", "title": "Bhanu Athaiya returns Oscar fearing theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Renowned Bollywood costume designer Bhanu Athaiya has returned her Oscar statuette, the first to be won by an Indian, to its original owner, the Academy of Motion Pictures Arts and Sciences, Los Angeles, for safekeeping fearing it could meet the same fate as Rabindranath Tagore's Nobel medal which was stolen. The statuettes were couriered in a special container and have been received by the Academy earlier this week.\"It was a burden. I wanted the trophy to be safe in future and in the right hands,\" the 85-plus Athaiya, who had won the award for Gandhi (1982), told TOI over the phone. In an emailed press release she explained, \"I do not trust anyone in India to keep it. If Tagore's Nobel medal could be stolen, what is the guarantee my trophy would be safe? In India, no one values such things and we lack a tradition of maintaining our heritage and things pertaining to our culture. \"\"Athaiya was slated to travel to LA in 2013 and hand over the trophy to the Academy. However, after she was diagnosed with a life threatening brain tumour in June, she decided to return it as soon as possible,\" the release added. Scott Miller , MD of administration, AMPAS , wrote to her in an email, \"We are in the process of creating the finest motion picture museum in the world, and I'm certain it (the statuette) will find a place to be displayed there.\"In the foreword of her autobiography, Gandhi's director Richard Attenborough called Athaiya, \"the revered doyenne of Indian costume designers\". Her body of work is outstanding. Who can forget Nadira's shimmery gown in Shri 420 (1955), the gorgeous dresses of Waqt (1965) or even the clothes of the villagers in Lagaan (2001)?Athaiya is also on the \"lookout for a responsible organisation or a museum to preserve her sketches and illustrations which she made for various film stars and producers down the years,\" the release said.The costume designer has one lasting regret: the government has never recognised her work. Even a Padmashri eludes her.Times ViewMany may not agree with Bhanu Athaiya's decision to hand over her Oscar to the Academy for safekeeping and feel she is being unduly paranoid in doing so. There is, however, no denying that both our society and our governments have done little to inspire confidence in anyone that we as a nation have a sense of history. The shabby manner in which several of our centuries-old monuments are maintained by the authorities and treated by those who visit them is a manifestation of the absence of this respect for historically important things. The government must take the lead in changing this, but all of us as individuals must do our bit to inculcate such a sense of history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620430", "title": "Economy needs to grow at 9% for govt schemes\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 success: Kapil Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Blaming the Opposition for stalling the reform process in Parliament Union minister Kapil Sibal said that the Indian economy would have to grow at least 9% for government schemes to be successfully implemented.Sibal, the minister for communications and information and technology, said the Opposition should go hand in hand with the government in taking forward the reforms agenda.\"There are several very innovative schemes that we have put forward and we are expecting that Parliament would rise to the occasion to understand the importance and gravity of growth. That unless we have double digit growth, at least 9% growth, we'll not be able finance these schemes,\" Sibal said at a DAVP function to mark the launch of the Government of India Calendar 2013.Sibal said there is no point moving forward with these schemes if the opposition does not allow the bills concerned to be passed in Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619375", "title": "Act lacks 'conviction' to offer children protection", "text": "PANAJI: Although Goa is the first state in the country to have a special legislation in place for the protection of children-The Goa Children's Act, 2003-it has a long way to go before it can lay claim to having achieved the objective.Principal district and sessions judge, Anuja Prabhudessai, who also presides over the children's court every Monday, pointed out that though we have an Act, the conviction rate for crimes against children in \"not satisfactory\".\"Between 2003 and 2012 the conviction rate was just 52. It is poor,\" said Prabhudessai on Friday, addressing a seminar organized by NGO Children's Rights in Goa (CRG) and the directorate of women and child welfare.Speaking on the subject 'Best practices of the children's court in Goa', she said the low rate of conviction means we cannot say we have achieved the goal of protecting children.In six years, 410 cases of crimes against children were registered, of which 114 cases ended in acquittals.\"There has been awareness about the Act and people do come forward to register a complaint under the Act, but insensitivity of society persists,\" said Prabhudessai.Elaborating, she said, \"Sometimes, we as a society, try to ignore crimes against some children, saying they are migrants (children of labourers from other parts of the country who work in Goa).\"\"We have to develop zero tolerance towards such insensitivity,\" she stressed, emphasizing that only joint efforts by society, NGOs and policing authorities will bring justice to children.Further, emphasizing the need for speedy disposal of cases, Prabhudessai said the children's court has to have regular hearings as it is not possible to hear accumulated cases on a single day.Currently, the children's court conducts hearings only on one day of the week, making it a total of just four hearings in a month.\"There's preference given to old cases and we cannot hear all cases listed during the day,\" said the court's president.Indicating that there are signs the situation is likely to improve in the future, she said, \"The high court has recently given its approval for the court to have four sittings a week. We are awaiting this notification.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17618561", "title": "I-League action to return to Cooperage on Jan 8", "text": "MUMBAI: It's been two and a half seasons since the city has witnessed an I-League game, but the New Year is set to bring with it some cheer for football lovers.The Western India Football Association (WIFA) has finally managed to obtain a No-Objection Certificate (NOC) from the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC) for the construction of stands - the lack of which ensured that the city's three I-League clubs played their games in Pune and Delhi.\"The MHCC had requested a blueprint of our plans which we have already submitted and we should have the NOC in our hand by Saturday. The work on constructing the stands will begin as soon as we acquire the NOC.We are targeting the January 8 I-League game (Air India vs Salgaocar) and we think it's achievable,\" said Henry Menezes, CEO of WIFA.The Cooperage is a heritage structure and the lack of an approval from MHCC was threatening to starve football lovers of I-League action in the city for a third year running.A Chinese company has been given the tender of constructing the stands and kiosks - all of which can be easily dismantled. \"More than 50% of the material is at the ground and the rest should follow once we get the NOC.We have even asked officials from the company to fly down to India to complete the job as soon as possible,\" informed Menezes.While Mumbai FC and Air India have been using the Balewadi Stadium in Pune as their base this season, newly promoted ONGC play out of the Nehru Stadium in Delhi.The Cooperage was initially set for a December 23 opening when Mumbai FC plays East Bengal, but a police complaint filed by the BMC against WIFA last week, citing construction without adequate permission, stalled it.\"We have submitted all the documents that the MHCC have asked from us. We should be able to wrap up the construction of stands, toilets and changing rooms within 15 days,\" said Menezes. The stadium already has light towers installed for evening games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17621472", "title": "City likely to get real-time air pollution monitor", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore is set to get a real-time air pollution monitor soon. It is learnt that a suggestion to this effect has been made by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) to the state pollution control board and the former has agreed to partially fund it.The Continuous Ambient Air Quality Monitoring station would enable to gather pollution data real-time and more accurately. At present, the city depends on three ambient air quality stations, where samples are collected and analysed manually.A senior Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) official said real-time monitors will broadcast pollution data directly to its servers. A senior TNPCB said it would help experts to calculate pollution levels in the city more accurately. However, TNPCB is yet to notify the CPCB proposal.Currently, real-time air pollution monitors are used at Royapuram and Kathivakkam in Chennai and Cuddalore and Tuticorin. Officials said TNPCB is about to complete the installation of a new monitor at Koyambedu, a traffic hotspot in Chennai. \"Purchase of two new real-time monitors suggested by CPCB is being considered by TNPCB. If we approve it, Coimbatore and Manali, a highly polluted industrial area near Chennai, will get advanced systems to monitor air pollution,\" said a senior TNPCB official.The monitoring station, which costs around Rs 70 lakh, has to be housed in an air-conditioned chamber. It will have sensors to record pollution levels automatically and will function round the clock. It will also have power back up systems. The present air monitoring stations do not function during outages.Experts have been claiming that the manual stations underestimate actual pollution in the city as they are unable to generate accurate data. \"It is high time for us to revise the pollution monitoring standards. New pollutants can be found in urban environment and we lack a proper system to analyse levels of benzene and other dangerous pollutants. The current PM10 (particulate pollution) standard also has to be revised,\" said a senior consultant working for the state environment department.Another pollution expert working for government projects on conditions of anonymity said the recent Diwali pollution figures from manual monitors in Chennai were unusually low. He said the data looked faulty to those who have tracked pollution levels in the city for long, especially the levels of oxides of nitrogen (NOx). \"How is this possible? It can only happen if the monitor is fixed at the wrong location or if the data was manually corrected later,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620348", "title": "Olympic medalists live 2.8 years longer than aam aadmi", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's Olympians Saina Newal, Mary Kom, Abhinav Bindra and Sushil Kumar have something to cheer about.A first-of-its-kind study has found that Olympic medalists live longer than general population, irrespective of their country of origin, medal won or type of sport played.The latest edition of the British Medical Journal on Friday announced that researchers had compared life expectancy (LE) among 15,174 Olympic athletes, who won medals between 1896 and 2010, with general population groups matched by country, gender and age.All medalists lived an average of 2.8 years longer - a significant survival advantage over the general population in eight out of the nine country groups studied.Gold, silver and bronze medalists enjoyed roughly the same survival advantage as did champions in both endurance and mixed sports.Medalists in power sports had a smaller, but still significant, edge over general population.The authors say that possible explanations include genetic factors, physical activity, healthy lifestyle, and the wealth and status that come from international sporting glory.In a second study, researchers measured the effect of high intensity exercise on mortality later in life among ex-Olympic athletes.They tracked 9,889 athletes with a known age at death, who took part in at least one Olympic Games between 1896 and 1936 together representing 43 disciplines requiring various levels of exercise intensity and physical contact.They found that athletes from sports with high cardiovascular intensity (such as cycling and rowing) or moderate cardiovascular intensity (such as gymnastics and tennis) had similar mortality rates compared to athletes from low cardiovascular intensity sports like golf or cricket.Researchers say that everyone could enjoy the \"survival advantage\" of elite athletes by meeting physical activity guidelines.However, the researchers did find an 11% increased risk of mortality among athletes from disciplines with a high risk of body collision and with high levels of physical contact, such as boxing, rugby and ice hockey, compared with other athletes.They suggest this reflects the impact of repeated collisions and injuries over time.In an accompanying editorial, two public health experts point out that people who do at least 150 minutes a week of moderate to vigorous intensity physical activity also have a survival advantage compared with the inactive general population.Estimates range from just under a year to several years.But they argue that compared with the successes, which have been achieved in tobacco control, \"our inability to improve physical activity is a public health failure, and it is not yet taken seriously enough by many in government and in the medical establishment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "manali/shimla", "code": "17620976", "title": "Heavy snow cover across hills in north India", "text": "MANALI/SHIMLA: Residents of high and mid hills in Himachal Pradesh, including tourists towns of Shimla and Manali, woke up to a white layer of snow on Friday morning. Snowfall in Shimla, Kullu, Kinnaur, Lahaul-Spiti, Chamba, Kangra, Mandi and Sirmaur districts turned a large portion of the state silvery white and evoked fresh wave of cold.State capital Shimla received 7cm snow which continued in the morning allowing tourists time to enjoy the snowfall. Manali received 20 cm snow while Rohtang pass and Solang valley received 90 cm and 50 cm fresh snow respectively. Kalpa in Kinnaur received 10 cm snow and snow accumulation in Keylong (Lahaul-Spiti) was 12 cm. Dhauladhar ranges too continued receiving snowfall and Triund, a popular trekking destination above McLeodganj, received 5 cm fresh snow.Road links to Khajjiar from Dalhousie have been blocked after 20 cm snowfall, while Dalhousie itself received 12 cm fresh snow in last 24 hours. Kufri near Shimla experienced around 15 cm of fresh snow and Mahasu peak received nearly 1 foot of snow, while Kharaptthar in upper Shimla was under 1.5 feet of snow, hampering bus services further up.According to Himachal Pradesh Road Transport (HRTC) officials, nearly 68 buses were stuck in interiors of the state, including upper Shimla, and buses towards Kinnaur, were plying through alternative routes. Though two buses were sent from Shimla to Chopal and Kotkhai on Friday on trial basis, they could not reach their destinations as ice on roads causing skidding of vehicles. With snowfall and heavy winds, erratic supply of electricity in different localities of the state continued to irk residentsTraffic system was partially paralyzed in Manali after the highway was covered with thick layer of snow. Manali-Rohtang-Keylong highway has been blocked permanently and 60 cm snowfall at Jalori pass has cut off Anni and Nirmand sub-divisions from Kullu.Telephone and electricity lines were snapped in upper Dalhousie and Khajjiar area after heavy snowfall. Manali spent its night without electricity and it proved nightmare for those who depend on electrical room heaters. Snowfall has revealed preparedness of electricity department as residents of Manali hardly got electricity for couple of hours in the whole day.Despite some natural hurdles, it was like dream come true for thousands of tourists staying in Himachal. \"I kept watching snowfall from my window the whole night. It was so beautiful,\" said Prerna Aggarwal, a tourist from Delhi. Another tourist from Hyderabad, Mahesh Murad, said he enjoyed skiing and snow fight with his wife Siyali all day. \"We spent our day near the hotel and made many snowmen.\"According to meteorological department director Manmohan Singh , high hills may get more snowfall while lower hills may experience rain in next 24 hours.Travelling unpreparedHundreds of tourists wearing chappals and light casual clothes, were given a shocking and cold welcome by snowfall on Friday morning when they had to walk on snow to reach their hotels after the highway was blocked.Kullu-Manali national highway was partially blocked in the night and over a dozen Volvo buses had to stop at Aluground, 5km before Manali. Some of the tourists got heavy duty jeeps to their destinations while others had to wait for hours. Many of them preferred walking on snow to the hotel.Meanwhile, shoe and woolen stores in Manali remained crowded all the day as unpreparedness of tourists to tackle inclement weather forced them to purchase compatible outfits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17619951", "title": "City boy to represent state in South Asia quiz", "text": "PATNA: Students of St. Karen's High School danced to Salsa beats, sang melodious songs and displayed their acting skills through English and Hindi plays at the 'Cultural Bonanza' organized at the Rabindra Bhawan to mark the school's annual day on Friday.Additional DG A C Verma, who was the chief guest on the occasion, congratulated the students for the splendid show. Also present on the occasion were Patna University's Prof Shankar Dutt and school director D P Galstaun. Students of St Karen's Nursery School would be performing at 'Sitare', a cultural event, on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17619937", "title": "UGC hints at a separate board for undergraduate education", "text": "MUMBAI: If an idea mooted by the University Grants Commission (UGC) is brought into action, all the states might have a separate undergraduate board on the lines of school boards such as ICSE, CBSE and state boards.The implementation of such a plan will result in universities getting more time for postgraduate research and education.In a questionnaire sent out to colleges and universities, the UGC has asked them, among other things, whether it would be \"appropriate to have a state board of undergraduate education on the lines of CBSE/school boards or an undergraduate board in each university\" so that varsities can focus on postgraduate education and research.UGC's joint director for the western region G Srinivas said, \"We have sought opinion of colleges on several issues and this is one of them. The idea is aimed at strengthening collegiate education,\" he said.The UGC is also trying to overhaul the process of college affiliation and ensure that more colleges benefit from its funding. In a bid to take feedback from all the stakeholders, the UGC has been holding seminars for colleges and universities on the current affiliation system. One such seminar will be held in Pune on December 14-15.In its questionnaire, the UGC has asked colleges and universities to list reforms that can be introduced to improve the education system. \"Can colleges be affiliated to any university in the country and not be bound by geographical jurisdiction? Can the relationship between a college and a university be defined as that of a master-slave, a mother-child or any other,\" the commission has asked in its questionnaire.\"Colleges are being neglected by universities. Out of the 33,000-odd colleges in the country, only 7,000 are recognized by the UGC and receive funds for development. Most colleges do not have permanent affiliation, which is why they are losing out. The exercise is to get many more colleges under the UGC's purview,\" Srinivas said. \"Temporary affiliation fee has become a source of revenue for universities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17621126", "title": "Mahadev Mandir panel to file fresh plea in court", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Mahadev Mandir Committee will file a fresh petition against a court order stopping the construction of a temple close to the historic Charminar within 10 days. The members of the committee said they would like to see the matter resolved soon.It was earlier reported in these columns that construction work of the Mahadev Mandir within 100 metres of Charminar was underway and parts of the temple were being excavated to build a cellar. Devotees said they were merely repairing the old temple but Syed Khaleelullah, a local lawyer in his PIL filed in the high court, claimed that illegal expansion work was underway. The Mahadev Mandir Committee members said they would be submitting their side of the story over construction before the HC within 10 days, although the court according to them has given three weeks' time for responses. \"The temple is 150 years old and is a legal entity. Permission to carry out civil work was obtained earlier. We will post our replies in the HC as soon as possible,\" said a committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17621767", "title": "Scientists seek pardon for gay code-breaking hero", "text": "LONDON: Leading scientists including Stephen Hawking urged Britain on Friday to pardon World War II code-breaker Alan Turing , who committed suicide after he was convicted of the then crime of homosexuality.Often hailed as a father of modern computing whose codecracking is credited with shortening WWII, Turing took his own life in 1954, two years after he was sentenced to chemical castration for the \"gross indecency\" of homosexuality. \"Successive governments seem incapable of forgiving his conviction for the then crime of being a homosexual, which led to his suicide,\" the scientists wrote in a letter published in the Daily Telegraph newspaper.Hawking and 10 other scientists , including Royal Society president Paul Nurse , described Turing as \"one of the most brilliant mathematicians of the modern era\" . \"It is time his reputation was unblemished,\" they said. Turing died aged 41 after poisoning himself with cyanide.In his short life, he lay the theoretical foundation for the modern-day computer and unravelled Nazi codes, which some historians argue saved millions of lives by cutting the war short.He is credited with breaking the \"Enigma\" code used to encrypt communications between German U-boats in the North Atlantic ocean, but he was virtually unknown to the public at the time of his death as his work was kept secret until 1974. He also published pioneering work on early computers.In 2009, Britain's then PM Gordon Brown issued a posthumous apology to the code-breaker , saying he had been treated \"terribly\" . Homosexuality was decriminalised in Britain in 1967.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17621110", "title": "Flush with funds, GHMC lines up projects", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to concentrate on major projects, what with its financial position improving in the past one year.Nearly half a dozen flyovers and bridges apart from link roads, road widening and junction improvement projects would be taken up by the GHMC. For these, the corporation has earmarked over Rs 378 crore under the Greater Hyderabad Development Plan (GHDP) in the budget proposals for the financial year 2013-14.Officials said the corporation will take up rail under bridges (RUBs) at Uttamnagar (Safilguda), Sanjeeviah Park and Tukaramgate, road over bridge ( ROB ) at Falaknuma and provision of another vent at Rani Gunj in the next few months. Cost estimations are being worked out for a link road between Raj Bhavan and Begumpet to be taken up soon. Another major flyover at Gachibowli at a cost of Rs 38.91 crore will be taken up soon for which tenders have already been floated.Officials said Balanagar and Narsapur junction flyover is being taken up by the roads and buildings (R&B;) department at a cost of Rs 90 crore for which designs are being prepared. Another major flyover at Amberpet (No 6 junction) near Sri Ramana theatre has been entrusted to the National Highways Authority of India.Tukaram gate RUB, which was originally planned for two lane, will have four lanes. Though two bridges - one at Kandikal gate and another at Uppuguda -- were approved a couple of years ago, the GHMC has taken up only Kandikal project. It hopes to complete it by December 2013 and take up the Uppuguda bridge after that.Officials said more funds have been earmarked in the proposed budget for 2013-2014 for various projects because of improvement in the financial position of the corporation. The corporation even cleared a few months ago a loan of Rs 475 crore it took from the State Bank of Hyderabad.\"Revenues of the corporation have increased in the current financial year, especially from the property tax and building permissions. Now more project works would be taken apart from regular infrastructure facilities in the city,\" GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu told TOI on Friday.Under this plan, various infrastructure projects like flyovers, widening of link roads, road widening, improvement of footpaths and junctions would be taken up. The GHDP project with an outlay of Rs 813 crore was launched last year. In the last financial year (2011-12), Rs 18.50 crore was spent by the corporation under this plan and another Rs 215 crore was earmarked for the current financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619521", "title": "Inflation at 10-month low, rate cut hopes dim", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inflation moderated to its slowest pace in 10 months in November, fuelling expectations of an interest cut but the sharp revision to previous month's reading is likely to dash hopes of any easing in tight monetary policy soon. Data released by the commerce ministry on Friday showed inflation rate , as measured by the wholesale price index, rose to 7.24% - slower than the previous month's 7.45% and 9.46% in the same year earlier month.But price pressures still remained a risk. The government revised upwards the September reading to 8.07% from the previously reported 7.81%. Policymakers said the moderation in inflation augured well for the economy and expected it slow further in the months ahead. \"Inflation is a challenge. Inflation worries the government. While CPI inflation is sticky, good news is that WPI inflation seems to be trending downwards... If it trends downwards, there will be some reason for comfort,\" finance minister P Chidambaram told Parliament.Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia said the moderation in inflation was a good signal. \"I think moderation of inflation is a very good signal. We expect it to moderate slowly and it is good that it has happened,\" said Ahluwalia.\"I don't regard 7+ per cent inflation as comfort zone. But the important thing is that if you think it is heading down, then may be the time has come to recognize that inflation is clearly softening and growth is weak and I am sure that RBI knows what to do,\" he said.The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will review monetary policy on December 18 and many economists say they might cut interest rates to revive faltering growth. Inflation still remains above the central bank's comfort level while retail inflation is hovering around double-digit levels. While the RBI has indicated that rates may ease, it has said that the decision would be influenced by the growth-inflation dynamics as they unfold. RBI governor D Subbarao has so far fended off calls from the finance ministry to ease rates to revive growth.Data showed that price pressures remained stubborn in cereals, rice, wheat, pulses, fruits and eggs, meat and fish. Wheat prices rose an annual 23.19% while eggs, meat and fish were up 14.19% in November. Vegetables prices were down an annual 1.19% but potato prices shot up an annual 72.20%, while price of pulses rose 19.10%. Food inflation has remained a policy challenge for the government for nearly three years and economists have called for improving supplies to tame the problem.Some economists said RBI is likely to postpone its rate easing until the January-March quarter. \"RBI is likely to wait till January - we maintain our view that the RBI will ease 50 basis points in the January-March quarter. This is in line with the RBI's guidance in its October policy, recent high-frequency data (October IIP up 8.2% and November CPI higher at 9.9%, headline WPI inflation remaining over 7%, and CPI at near double-digits,\" said Rohini Malkani, economist at Citigroup India.\"But it's a close call. The RBI has been known to surprise, and while consensus is for RBI keeping rates on hold,Today's print on core WPI coupled with recent reform measures does give an outside chance of the RBI once again surprising markets in the review on December 18,\" Rohini Malkani, economist at Citigroup India, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17621645", "title": "SDM to attend \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKhula Darbar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 in Damdama", "text": "GURGAON: In continuation of the'Prashashan Aapke Dwar' (governance at your doorstep) programme, Vivek Kalia, sub-divisional magistrate (SDM), Gurgaon South, will spend Friday night in Damdama village and will attend the 'Khula Darbar' on Saturday, where he will hear the grievances of the residents of the neighbouring villages.Vatsal Vashisht, SDM, Pataudi, will do the same in Chawan village.On Saturday, Kalia will hear the grievances of the residents of Damdama and three other neighbouring villages at the government primary school in Damdama from 9.00 am onwards.According to a spokesperson from the district administration, Kalia will hear grievances of villagers from Damdama, Bahlapa, Kherla and Garhi Wazidpur. He has appealed to the residents of these four villages to derive maximum benefits from this programme as all the officers of sub-division level will be present at the darbar.In Pataudi, Vashisht also hear the public grievances of Chawan and surrounding villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618880", "title": "Vehicle-thieves find chain-snatching more lucrative", "text": "NAGPUR: Soaring gold prices - which is well above Rs30,000 per 10 gm currently - have been luring outlaws to adopt a much easier modus operandi of snatching mangalsutras on streets rather than breaking into houses or stealing vehicles. This has posed a serious challenge for the city police.Last week, crime branch nabbed two youngsters, who were earlier arrested for vehicle thefts and burglaries, for their alleged involvement in seven offences of chain-snatching at different places in the city. Around 65 gms of stolen gold has been recovered from the duo. The latest action has given cops hope of considerably bringing down chain-snatching incidents.It is learnt, Mohammed Ishtiaque, after his release from jail, teamed up with Shaikh Ashraf, alias Shahrukh. Earlier, Ishtiaque was netted in 2010 when an interstate gang of vehicle thieves was busted. The gang's networks spread across Madhya Pradesh. Crime branch had recovered around 26 stolen bikes from the gang. Ashraf was arrested for his involvement in different offences. Ashraf, who earlier stayed at Cotton Market, keeps shifting to different locations to evade arrest. Ashraf and Ishtiaque had been staying at Jaripatka for some time now. The crime branch sleuths picked them up from the hideout.The duo had mortgaged the stolen gold to a financial institution for a loan of substantial amount. Police said the duo splurged this money on various addictions.Ishtiaque and Ashraf have committed offences at Ambazari, Dhantoli, Lakadganj, Ganeshpeth, Pachpaoli, Sadar and other places. While Ashraf drove bikes at top speed, Ishtiaque snatched chains from women by following them till they reached a desolate place. Police feels the duo may have committed more offences but are trying to mislead investigators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17620714", "title": "Rs 1.5L compensation for kin of rain victims", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Friday announced ex-gratia compensation of Rs 1.5 lakh to the next of kin of eight persons killed in unseasonal rains this week.Making a statement in the state assembly, revenue and disaster management minister S N Patro said the untimely rains on December 11 and 12 killed eight persons of Jagatsinghpur (four), Kendrapara (three) and Balasore (one) districts and also damaged paddy crop and houses in the affected regions. Damage assessment in Dasarathpur and Binjharpur blocks of Jajpur district was on.Patro, who Speaker Pradip Amat had the previous day asked to inform the House about the damages due to unseasonal precipitation, said five others were injured due to lightning in Jagatsinghpur district. Their condition is stable, he added.The state government has provided immediate relief of Rs 5000 each to the bereaved families and Rs 2000 to those injured, he said, adding, ex-gratia compensation of Rs 1.5 lakh would be given to the next of kin of those dead from the chief minister's relief fund.Preliminary reports suggest 25% of the paddy crop in 5801 hectare was damaged in Jaleswar, Soro, Bahanaga, Nilagiri and Oupada blocks of Balasore, Patro informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17621255", "title": "High court seeks MoEF stand on killing of tiger", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Friday asked the Union ministry of environment and forests to explain its stand on a petition seeking a CBI enquiry into the killing of a tiger at Wayanad recently. The petition alleges that killing has brought dishonour to the nation, tiger being India's national animal.Considering the petition filed by advocate R Sudha, a Green Cross World Environment Protection Action Group activist, division bench comprising of chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique ordered the sending of notices to the ministry of environment and forests and Tiger Conservation Authority of India, seeking explanations.The tiger, which had created panic among the villagers at Tholpetty in Wayanad district, was shot dead by a special team of forest department officials on December 2.Officials had claimed that the tiger was shot dead after efforts to drug it using tranquillizers failed. The forest department's move was after villagers reported that the tiger has been killing cattle in two villages over the past three weeks.The petition at the high court points out that the tiger was trapped once before and it had to be killed now as officials failed in trans-locating it to a suitable place.TOI had reported that the tiger, said to be at least 10 years old, was captured as a cattle-lifter on November 14 but released back into the wild the same day.Though the tiger had not attacked humans, which is the only provision by law to allow its killing, forest officials shot the tiger dead, joining in the frenzy of the local people. Instead of shooting, forest officials could have trapped the animal after asking people to stay away, the petition said.The shooting was in violation of provisions of Wildlife Protection Act as the tiger was not a man-eater, the petitioner alleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17619912", "title": "Shortage of drivers affects radio cabs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The transport department might still be raking regulatory issues for the operation of radio taxis in the city, but the two-month old service - 'Flash cabs' is getting an encouraging response from people. At least 20 people are booking radio taxis everyday in Lucknow. The private firm which has launched the service will formally launch it in a day or two. \"It's the shortage of drivers that has kept us from launching it officially,\" said Shashank Kumar Agarwal, CEO and director of a hospitality group which has launched the service.Though the officers in the transport department say that the high fare charged for the service is a regulatory issue, they might not be contemplating action against the service. \"It cannot charge more than AC taxis,\" said an official. But, the department, as of now, hasn't thought about taking any action. \"We are not facing any regulatory issue, and what we charge is the cost for the actual distance travelled,\" said Agarwal.The radio cab service will be available at places like Bara Imambara, Charbagh, Baradari, Chhatar Manzil, Hussainabad gate, La Martiniere Boys College, Residency, Roomi Darwaza, Hazratganj, Taj Hotel, Shaheed Smarak and airport.People can call a cab by dialling (7800501501) or make an online booking (www.flashcabs.com). People can book the cab for inter-district and inter-state travel, as well as for travelling within the city limits. The service is backed by a 24x7 customer care support, GPS navigation, emergency alert switch and pay by cash/card option.The fare is different the day and the night-time travel. The day-time charges, from 7.00 am to 10.00 pm, would be Rs 150 up to 7 kilometres and Rs 16 per kilometre after that. The night-time charges, from 10.00 pm to 7.00 am would be Rs 200 upto 7 kilometres and Rs 22 every subsequent kilometre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17619269", "title": "Development projects hit as top brass in legal tangle", "text": "NOIDA: Development work in Noida has been suffering a great deal due to the ongoing legal battle on the postings of the chairman and CEO. Noida Authority has now decided to list and complete all minor works in Noida while major developments will resume only after the board meeting is held.Noida Authority OSD Manoj Rai said that major development works cannot be undertaken without involving the top brass. \"We have started shortlisting minor works. The board meeting's date is likely to be declared by next week. Work on the intelligent traffic system and Metro extension will only be possible when the board issues tenders after due budgeting,\" Rai said.Sources said when Akhilesh Yadav took over as chief minister, he directed the Noida, Greater Noida, Yamuna Expressway and Ghaziabad authorities to speed up development work, especially on the intelligent traffic system, widening of NH-24 and Metro rail extension. He then posted Sanjeev Saran as CEO and Rakesh Bahadur as chairman of Noida Authority due to their earlier stint in the region. But now their appointments are in a legal tussle and development projects are at a standstill.\"For the last two months, the Authority has not been able to hold board meetings to approve the budget and sign an MoU with DMRC due to the court case,\" said a senior Authority official. Important projects including three multilevel parking lots, five underpasses, disbursal of compensation to farmers, etc are in limbo,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17620691", "title": "Cancer survivor sub-inspector tells seniors his tale", "text": "BANGALORE: Sub-inspector Puttaswamy will be the mascot for a drive by the state police among its rank &amp; file to enforce the ban on tobacco consumption in public.This survivor of oral cancer will address a workshop for senior police officials in Mysore on Saturday.Puttaswamy, who almost lost his voice but recovered sufficiently to speak without the help of a voice box, will drive home the point that effective implementation of the tobacco ban is crucial for a healthy society.The Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation) of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution Act (COTPA), 2003, bans consumption of tobacco in public and police are responsible for enforcing it.Additional Director General of Police (Crime &amp; Technical Services) AM Prasad said state police will enforce COTPA to bring down smoking in public places and enforce the ban on sale of tobacco products near educational institutions. The workshop aims at creating awareness among police officials on how best to enforce COTPA.\"Bangalore lacks strict implementation of COTPA Districts like Gadag have strictly implemented it and bring COTPA cases into their monthly crime list,\" said oncologist Dr US Vishal Rao, who is conducting the training programme for the police.Dr Rao came across Puttaswamy's case while liaising with the police. \"He's the right person to showcase the ills of chewing tobacco,\" he said, adding that COPTA implementation has become necessary as there's growing incidence of oral cancer among youths.ADGP Prasad admitted that Bangalore police are yet to aggressively book cases under COTPA. He expects them to put in place an effective drive against tobacco consumption by this month-end.Only two casesBangalore police have booked only two cases under COTPA, both under Section 6A (ban on selling tobacco to minors) between May and September, 2012. Not a single case has been booked under other Sections like 4 (ban on tobacco consumption in public), 5 (prohibition of brand promotion of all tobacco products), 6B (ban on sale of tobacco within 100 yards of educational institutions) and 7 (mandatory pictorial warnings on tobacco packs).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kalol", "code": "17621201", "title": "Sonia takes on Modi over Sir Creek, UPA funds", "text": "KALOL: With campaigning for 2012 assembly elections in the last leg, Congress president Sonia Gandhi stepped up her diatribe against chief minister Narendra Modi.Addressing an election rally in Kalol on Friday Sonia alleged that the Modi government has misused Central government's funds given to Gujarat to harp on false development claims and 'fake image building'.\"UPA government has given crores of fund for agriculture, water harvesting and other welfare schemes to Gujarat. But those funds are misused to trumpet false claims of development and for your fake image building,\" she told people of eight assembly constituencies of Gandhinagar and Mehsana districts. These constituencies along with 87 others will go to polls on December 17.Sonia said that it was Central government who got 108 medical services to Gujarat, but in a veiled attack alleged that Modi claimed it as its project.\"It was Congress who brought 108 to Gujarat. But people have stuck their photos to make false claims,\" she said. She added that people in Gujarat have understood the false propaganda and will not fall into the trap.The Congress president also accused the Modi government of caning women seeking applications to get a home and sending farmers to jail for electricity thefts. \"The government has been busy protecting the corrupt and punishing the innocent,\" she said.Avoiding naming Modi, Sonia accused him of provoking voters by raising the Sir Creek issue. \"People have found a new trick of trying to instigate voters using the sensitive national security issue. We at any cost will not allow anyone to play with country's unity.\"She was referring to Modi's letter to the prime minister over Sir Creek issue. Modi had flagged concerns in the letter that centre was thinking of handing over Sir Creek to Pakistan and the same should not be done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17620918", "title": "US House passes resolution denouncing attack against Sikhs", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Illinois House has passed a resolution denouncing attacks against Sikh Americans, in particular the shootout inside a gurdwara in Wisconsin in August that killed six Sikh worshippers.Acknowledging the American Sikh community's long standing commitment to the United States , the resolution said that the massacre in Wisconsin, and other racially motivated attacks, has caused Sikhs and other communities to live under an \"unfair burden of vulnerability\".Denouncing hate-fuelled violence and encouraging civic engagement and participation among the immigrant and minority communities of Illinois, the resolution sought to create greater awareness among the general public about Sikhs and other minority communities.\"This legislation is an acknowledgement of the racially motivated atrocities that have been committed and a commitment by the state of Illinois to devote resources to educating the greater Illinois community on Sikh Americans and South Asian Americans\", said Ekta Arneja, midwest regional coordinator, United Sikhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619252", "title": "MSEDCL recovers over Rs 18L in fines", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited disconnected as many as 40 illegal connections in Kothrud and Pimpri divisions in the last two days. A fine amount of Rs 18.67 lakh was recovered from consumers who were holding unauthorized connections. The distribution company also lodged a police complaint in one of the cases.According to MSEDCL officials, 21 illegal connections were found in Warje and Kothrud areas, while 19 were found in Pimpri division. Action was taken against two consumers who had restored their connections which were disconnected earlier for non-payment of dues. A fine of over Rs 12,000 was collected from them. Officials said meter reading is taken while disconnecting the supply and also when the power supply is restored officially.Meanwhile, the power company has activated 2,109 new connections. MSEDCL has initiated a pilot project in which power connections are given on demand. The new connections were given in Kothrud, Shivajinagar, Pimpri and Bhosari divisions. A special unit has been set up to provide new connections. Citizens may contact toll free number 18002339119, officials said. All bill collection centres of MSEDCL in city and rural areas will remain open on Sunday, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17618773", "title": "State govt tightening purse strings", "text": "MUMBAI: With an ever-rising debt burden, the Maharashtra government is showing financial prudence while making important decisions. After having a tough time convincing his cabinet colleagues to settle for limited supplementary funds in the previous cabinet, finance minister Jayant Patil took a stern view of two proposals likely to result in wastage in the cabinet meet on Thursday. This is a sign of things to come in the future, officials said.Sources said the finance minister objected to a proposal for allowing reimbursement to lower level staff of retired high court judges. Patil informed the cabinet that such a provision was not even there at the Centre and so why should the state waste any money on it. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan finally convinced Patil to allow the proposal to pass with some alterations.\"As it is the state has no money for its own projects and works. There is no need to provide for any allowances when even Centre doesn't pay for the same,\" said a minister.Another proposal which came up in the cabinet on Thursday night was for making Nagpur to Nagbeed rail route a broad gauge. The Rs 260 crore proposals's cost has been escalating and Patil took a strong view of this as well. \"This the right time to show some financial prudence since the state is going through a crisis of sorts. Whatever the political interpretations of these decisions, we must be fair while allocation money,\" said an official.In the previous cabinet earlier this week, the state government's allotment of additional funds sought under the head of supplementary demands attracted criticism from a section of senior cabinet ministers, most of them belonging to the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP).Home minister RR Patil, public works and tourism minister Chhagan Bhujbal and water supply minister Laxman Dhobale were amongst some others who had slammed the state expenditure priority committee for ignoring the needs of their respective departments and allocating funds elsewhere in a 'non-transparent' manner.The committee is headed by finance minister, principal secretary finance department , among others. A senior cabinet minister said it could NCP's inter-personal clashes which are leading to the complications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621010", "title": "Nod eases way for Punjab to transfer environment clearance", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court's clearance for mine auction has paved the way for Punjab government to transfer the environment clearance of 23 quarries from its mining department to lessees.While a Supreme Court order has made environment clearance mandatory for all quarries, the mining ban imposed by Punjab, till the stipulation is met, would not have created scarcity of sand and gravel had environment clearance to quarries been transferred to the lessees, which have to comply with general and specific conditions laid down in it.The 23 quarries had got environment clearance and the government invited tenders through e-auction. But before the tenders were opened, the auction price was challenged in the high court. In its February order, the Supreme Court had mandated environment clearance for all quarries under category A, above 50 hectares, B below 50 hectares to five hectares and below 5 hectares.Sunil Jakhar, leader of opposition in assembly, said, \"We have taken up the matter with the Union government, that in Punjab there are about 2,700 small brick kilns which are not being allowed to function. This is causing unemployment to over six lakh labourers. This problem has arisen due to the lackadaisical approach of the Punjab government, not having amended its Minor Minerals Concession Rules of 1964 as mandated by the Supreme Court directive on February 27, 2012. States like Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh have on the directive of Supreme Court amended their Minor Mineral Policy 1957 and 1964 unlike Punjab.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621586", "title": "Robbers cut off man\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s tongue in east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Armed assailants sliced off a 40-year-old man's tongue after he resisted a robbery bid in east Delhi on Tuesday evening. The victim was identified as Madan Lal who lives with his family in Trilokpuri , east Delhi.The incident occurred near Dharmshila Hospital in New Ashok Nagar. Lal, originally from Rajasthan, works at a private company in Noida. He was returning home carrying his salary in a black bag. As he neared the hospital, three assailants intercepted him and held him at knifepoint. They asked for his bag, but he refused.A scuffle ensued and the goons sliced off his tongue. Even as Lal raised an alarm, they decamped with his bag and cellphone. Lal was rushed to the Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital where he is under observation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17621789", "title": "School shooting: Girl says there were 7 'booms'", "text": "WASHINGTON: It was horrendous,\" said parent Brenda Lebinski, who rushed to the school where her daughter is in the third grade. \"Everyone was in hysterics - parents, students. There were kids coming out of the school bloodied. I don't know if they were shot, but they were bloodied.\"The Sandy Hook Elementary School teaches children from kindergarten through fourth grade - roughly ages 5 to 10. Television images showed police and ambulances at the scene, and parents rushing toward the school.Parents were seen reuniting with their children and taking them home. \"This is going to be bad,\" a state official said. All Newtown schools were placed in lockdown.Lebinski said a mother who was at the school during the shooting told her a \"masked man\" entered the principal's office and may have shot the principal. Lebinski, who is friends with the mother who was at the school, said the principal was \"severely injured\". Lebinski's daughter's teacher \"immediately locked the door to the classroom and put all the kids in the corner of the room\".A girl interviewed by NBC Connecticut described hearing seven loud \"booms\" as she was in gym class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17623146", "title": "Licences of two theatres in Madurai suspended for violation of norms", "text": "MADURAI: Cracking down on cinema theatres violating rules, the district administration has suspended two theatres from screening films for a month's time for overpricing of tickets.Action was taken after the theatres were found failing to comply with the rules even after they were penalised twice earlier. The 'C' form certificate of Thangaregal theatre near Madurai Junction railway station and Guru theatre, near Gnanaolivupuram in Arapalayam in the city has been temporarily suspended for a month's time. The 'C' form certificate is essential to screen films in theatres, which will be issued by the district administration after the construction of the theatre. The certificate is valid up to three years, said a district administration official.The licences were suspended based on Section 9 of Tamil Nadu Cinema Regulation Act. The Act can be evoked and the licence of the theatre can be suspended temporarily or permanently if any irregularity persisted for the third time, the official said.The two theatres were already fined with Rs 2,000 and 4,000 respectively during the first and the second time when irregularities were found in ticket selling. But the theatres persisted with irregularities, he said.Madurai district collector, Anshul Mishra, had instructed the officials to conduct surprise checks at theatre, to curb irregularities. The instructions came after the collector received several complaints from the public that theatres are fleecing money from them.During the inspection, the theatres were found issuing tokens instead of proper tickets. They were collecting as high as Rs 300 and Rs 200 per ticket, which is manifold higher than the stipulated rate. The suspension will come into effect only after a month's time, since rules allows the theatre owners to go for an appeal during the time, the official said.The collector strictly warned the theatre owners to comply with the rules. If they are found continuing with irregularities their 'C' form licence would be suspended permanently, he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621485", "title": "Missing industrialist\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body found in Meerut", "text": "NEW DELHI: The body of a young industrialist from northwest Delhi, who had been missing since July, has been traced to Bhawanpur in Meerut.Amit Kumar (26) was kidnapped and killed five months ago after his family \"failed to deliver the ransom amount of Rs 2 crore on time\" , a source said. Investigators, however, believe he was murdered even before the ransom call was made. Both the Meerut police and the outer district police of Delhi have confirmed the death. However , no one has been arrested.A resident of Majlis Park near Azad Mandi, Amit owned a truck chassis manufacturing factory at Transport Nagar. \"Amit was returning home from the Badli area around 9.30pm on July 2 when his family lost contact with him. Hours later, the family received a ransom call stating that Amit had been kidnapped. As a proof, the kidnappers directed the family to the abandoned car. We received a call from the family when they noticed blood on the seats of the car,\" said an investigating officer.The Badli police had set up teams to look for him and during this search, Delhi Police traced the body to Meerut, which was recovered by the Bhawanpur police in Meerut near Jai Pulia on July 4. Delhi Police contacted Amit's family who identified the body.Delhi Police said it had asked the UP police if the DNA samples were preserved before cremating the body. \"If we get a positive answer, we will ask the family to go for a DNA test. With the recovery of the body, we have more clues on the assailants,\" said the investigating officer. A murder case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17621690", "title": "An Indian dancer from France", "text": "In a befitting finale to the Uday Shankar Dance Festival, Rabindra Sadan on Friday featured Bharatanatyam by Devayani. The city, yet to recover from the loss of Pandit Ravi Shankar , was reminded of the early connection the sitar maestro had, as a 10-year-old member in the dance troupe of Uday Shankar, with the French city of Paris. For,Devayani is a French dancer who, besides performing Bharatanatyam in Delhi, Mumbai, Paris , London, Bonn, Athen, Madrid, has played the lead role in a successfulTelugu film, America Ammayi, where a girl from America danced a solo Kuchipudi at the Chidambaram temple!Devayani is a name French-born Anne Chaymotty chose for herself because of its proximity to Yamini (Krishnamurthy), the name of the Bharatanatyam dancer she greatly admired. This was in 1980s, after she came to India. She'd already trained in Western Ballet, Flamenco and Modern Dance. She'd also been initiated into the Aesthetics of Theatre and Cinema at Sorbonne University.And she'd been inducted into the world of adavus and padams by Amala Devi, a soloist in the troupe of Ram Gopal, a contemporary of Uday Shankar.In India Devayani sought the tutelage of masters such as Muthuswami Pillai, Kalanidhi Narayanan, Swarnamukhi, Vempati Chinna Satyam, Balamurali Krishna, and Yamini Krishna! Under Kalanidhi she concentrated on the expressional aspect or abhinaya.With Swarnamukhi she specialised in the karana postures associated with Nataraja as seen in reliefs and sculptures. From Vempati she received training in Kuchipudi. Padmavibhushan Balamurali Krishna introduced her to the intricacies of Carnatic vocals, and from Yamini she learnt in 10 sessions 'the Cosmic Dance of Shiva.'Lessons for a lifetime, we might consider these to be. But Devayani did not stop her riyaaz: she pursued the vigour of Kalakshetra style under Justin McCarthy even as she took to teaching in Delhi and promoting Indian dance and culture internationally. If these have animated her dance, they've also enriched her faith in the universality of Bharatanatyam. Today she is a living example of the fact that art knows no national boundary. For, at the end of the day, art invests life with beauty, harmony, and a better understanding of the universe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621498", "title": "Two girls abducted from SE Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 16-year-old girl and her 14-year-old cousin were allegedly abducted by unidentified men from outside a government school in Pul Prahladpur , southeast Delhi, on Thursday evening.The cousin had gone to the school at the pretext of accompanying the 16-yearold girl, a student of Class XI, home from school. They reside near Sonia Gandhi Camp in the area.The parents got worried when the girls didn't return. They tried to contact the school but it had closed for the day. They then launched a frantic search in the neighbourhood but could not find them. At last, they approached the police who registered a case of kidnapping on the basis of the statement of the father of the 16-year- old girl.Police sources, however , said they checked with the school authorities and found that the girls hadn't gone to school on Thursday . The girls' parents have given the names of some suspects to the police, who are being questioned. Meanwhile, witnesses told police that they had seen a Santro car taking turns around the school.\"We have also questioned local shopkeepers. None of them reported any untoward incident. There is a possibility that the girls were lured by by some people. We have sent a team to Mussorie after we got a tip-off about their presence in the town. But it is too early to comment \" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17620761", "title": "Tomar may be elected to the post unopposed", "text": "BHOPAL: The BJP leadership, thereafter, decided to elect'' Lok Sabha MP from Morena and national general secretary Narendra Singh Tomar as the state BJP president in the election year. Tomar is scheduled to file his nomination papers as candidate for the post on Saturday morning in the presence of senior BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad. Sources claimed there will be no second nomination filed since the orders have come from 11 Ashoka Road. Hence, Tomar will be elected to the post unopposed.Rajya Sabha MP Prabhat Jha will bow out as Tomar, who is known to be close to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, is expected to take over from the next week. Narendra Singh Tomar is not new to the job of state party chief. He has previously held the post from November 22, 2006 to May 7, 2010. The ruling BJP got a second term after winning the 2008 assembly elections during his tenure. He was made national general secretary and moved to New Delhi as the RSS sent Jha to take charge of the party in the state.The difference between Narendra Singh Tomar and Prabhat Jha were perceptible from the very beginning. While Tomar was a silent and low-profile worker with total loyalties to chief minister Chouhan, his successor Prabhat Jha was keen to show he had a mind and voice of his own. He abundantly spoke to the media and gave his versions as often as chief minister Chouhan. Party workers observed that while Tomar was Chouhan's trusted man, Prabhat Jha was eager to present himself as an alternative to the chief minister's post. This soured relations between Chouhan, who over the years established himself as a confident popular leader, and Prabhat Jha who enjoyed the support of the RSS.At Tuesday's meeting in New Delhi, it was argued that in an election year the party needed a man who would speak less and work in tandem with Chouhan, if the BJP was to come back for a third term. Speaking to TOI, a party leader explained: There is no alternative to Shivraj Singh Chouhan in the party. He will lead the BJP again for assembly polls 2013. Retaining Prabhat Jha would mean trouble as the state party president would not agree to every decision taken by the chief minister. The major challenge would be during ticket distribution just before the elections. Chouhan will want candidates of his choice while Prabhat Jha would not approve of them. There is no possibility of such a situation arising with Narendra Singh Tomar as state party chief.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17621267", "title": "Coast Guard conducts Clean Sea-4 operation", "text": "KOCHI: The fourth edition of national pollution control exercise, 'Clean Sea -4', organized by the Indian Coast Guard off Kochi coast on Friday, showcased the preparedness and readiness of the force to effectively contain an environmental disaster in case of an oil spill.India's first pollution control vessel Indian Coast Guard Ship (ICGS) Samudra Prahari, advanced offshore patrol vessels (AOPVs) - ICGS Samar, Sangram and Sankalp - fast patrol vessels (FPVs) ICGS Kasturba Gandhi, Savitri Bai Phule, two fast attack crafts (FACs) , three Chetak helicopters, two Dornier aircraft, oceangoing tug of Indian Navy INS Matanga, Shipping Corporation of India (SCI) tanker MT Motilal Nehru, and vessels from Cochin Port Trust participated in the exercise which saw the mobilization of resources available in the west coast of India.The exercise was reviewed by Indian Coast Guard director general vice admiral M P Muralidharan. Officials from ONGC , BPCL , state maritime Boards, Cochin Port Trust, and pollution control boards also participated in the exercise.The exercise commenced with a demonstration of deployment of river booms by CPT vessels. A Seavac heli-skimmer was also used in the operation. The outer-sea oil spill containment was tested and demonstrated using MT Motilal Nehru, the SCI tanker, simulating the role of vessel in distress. Coast Guard FACs, FPVs, helicopters, AOPVs, and aircraft were used to contain it using ocean booms, skimmers and oil spill dispersers. The extraction of oil using side-sweeping arms and skimmers and storage by Dracone barges was also demonstrated.The Coast Guard has formulated a National Oil Spill Disaster Contingency Plan (NOSDCP) and established three pollution response centres at Mumbai, Chennai and Port Blair. Vice admiral M P Muralidharan said the Coast Guard would have more than 100 ships of varying sizes and capabilities by 2018. He also said that the construction of the Indian Coast Guard Academy at Kannur was expected to commence by the middle of next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619452", "title": "Goa University on course to tweak 'cosmetic' work", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's higher education curriculum has only been undergoing cosmetic changes and the Goa University has already begun the process of reviewing the syllabi, which will have to be framed from scratch if needed, the state varsity's vice chancellor Satish Shetye said on Friday.He said he was left \"frustrated\" when going through some course modules, as they failed to define what aptitude was needed in a student to take up the course.\"Part of the frustration when I joined Goa University, and while I was looking at each of the courses offered, was that it was not said what a student has to undergo before joining a particular course. The details are there technically on the website. But I could not make sense of it even as a university official,\" said Shetye who joined the university in September.\"We need to define what a student can expect from a course and what his aptitude to join a course should be in language which can be understood even by the students' parents,\" he stressed.Speaking at a government organized seminar to discuss quality improvement measures for higher education, he said the task will be handed over to the university's board of studies.\"The tradition of preparing such documents in non-specialist language is not there and this could be part of the problem,\" he added.The vice-chancellor said the university has begun the process of making up for the shortcomings.\"We have started the process and I told my colleagues that the curriculum of a BCom course, for instance, could be emailed to around 1,000 chartered accountants , which is a very easy task now considering the advancement in technology and the available connectivity. Even if 10 respond with their suggestions, the exercise will be a success,\" said Shetye.\"I need the document in a digital format so that any word in a course module can be searched on the computer,\" he added. The former head of the Dona Paula-based national institute of oceanography (NIO) said, \"The syllabus has only undergone cosmetic changes so far. We need to frame it from scratch if needed after reviewing it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17621768", "title": "Aerobics boost brain power", "text": "MELBOURNE: Regular exercise and remaining physically active not only benefits the body, but also the mind, new research has found.The study review by Hayley Guiney and Liana Machado from the University of Otago , New Zealand, focused on the importance of physical activity in keeping and potentially improving cognitive function throughout life.Studies in older adults reviewed by the researchers consistently found that fitter individuals scored better in mental tests than their unfit peers, journal 'Springer' reported. Intervention studies found scores in mental tests improved in participants who were assigned to an aerobic exercise regimen compared to those assigned to stretch and tone classes.Interestingly, these results were not replicated in children or young adults. The one area where physical fitness or regular exercise was found to have an effect on cognitive function in these age groups was for memory tasks.Both the updating of working memory and the volume of information which could be held was better in fitter individuals or those put on an aerobic exercise regime.Climb stairs slowly to burn more fatLook before you leap! Ascending one step at a time actually burns more calories than leaping up multiple stairs, a new study has found. Although more energy is initially expended when taking two steps per stride, over time, more energy is burnt up when you take your time, according to scientists from the University of Roehampton. Researchers found climbing five flights of stairs five times a week - an ascent of 15m - burnt an average of 302 calories if stairs were taken one at a time. However, taking two steps with every stride will only burn 260 calories, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17621052", "title": "Jharkhand Mukti Morcha rallies to gain lost ground in Santhal Pargana", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) is putting all efforts to regain its lost ground in Santhal Pargana after the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) and the Congress made inroads into the once JMM bastion riding on the success of the 20-day-long Panem agitation.Almost all senior JMM leaders, including deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, were in Amrapra to address a rally on Friday and vowed to fight for villagers and their welfare.All ministers from the party in Arjun Munda-led government, including Haji Husain Ansari, Hemlal Murmu and Mathura Prasad Mahato, were present on Amrapara ground.The protest against Panem Coal Mines, led by JVM-P's Babulal Marandi, had received huge support from local people, especially displaced families. Agitators halted mining at Pachuwara and stopped supply of coal from here affecting three power plants in Punjab.The Congress too supported the protest.The protest was called off on December 9 after Panem coal Mines agreed to construct a 50-bed hospital and a school in the locality.Terming the agitation as a blackmail tactic to extract money from the miner, the JMM leaders said they would soon expose everyone. \"We have come to know that JVM-P chief Babulal Marandi first tried to extract money and even had a series of meetings with officials of the mining company in Kolkata. Only after the negotiation failed did Marandi sit on a dharna and he was joined by former deputy chief minister and senior Congress leader Stephen Marandi,\" said Soren.\"I am sure that people of Santhal Pargana are very intelligent and they will not fall into the trap of people like Marandi who do everything for political gain. He is never concerned about welfare of masses,\" the deputy chief minister added.Jharkhand Mukti Morcha leaders also recounted party chief Shibu Soren's role in the formation of the state and its welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621470", "title": "A 7-year fight for a fire station to save precious minutes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Bhagirath Palace fire may have been controlled in time had the authorities acted upon a Walled City resident's appeals to create a fire station in the area. It's been seven years since M Nafis , 45, started his lone campaign for setting up a fire station within or near the Hauz Qazi police station, or at least stationing a fire engine at the Hauz Qazi intersection for a quick response.Nafis, a resident of Lal Kuan in Old Delhi, is driven by memories of a major fire tragedy in his neighbourhood and the persistence of the factors behind it. In the summer of 1999, a fire ripped through the chemical market of Lal Kuan, taking 57 lives. \"When that fire broke out, one of the main impediments to the rescue operations was the narrow, congested streets, making it difficult for fire tenders to reach the spot. As the area is densely populated, the issue remains ,\" says Nasif.With the nearest fire station situated at SPM Marg, it takes at least half an hour for the fire brigade to enter the area , provided there is no congestion , residents say. \"It is to avert another tragedy that for the past seven years I have been asking the authorities to put in place measures that can help in dealing with a disaster,\" says Nafis, adding, \"the idea is to have the firefighting paraphernalia close at hand. As the area is congested and some of the bylanes are only 3-foot wide, it would be a task for the rescue team to get to the site of the disaster\" .Nafis wrote his first letter to the then fire chief in 2005. Since then, he has also appealed to local MLAs and politicians . The fire department responded to him in 2006, explaining that \"no action was possible\" due to space constraints in the area.Fire department officials gave TOI the same reason, and blamed the city's planners for Old Delhi's vulnerability to fire.\"It is like creating a fire hazard and then doing damage control. Let us plan the city better; there are many factors that have to be taken into consideration,\" said a senior fire officer. \"We need to ease the congestion and shift the dangling overhead wires underground. There is a need to reduce the fire risks,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620129", "title": "Guard saw robber, went his way", "text": "MUMBAI: The attempted robbery at a jewellery store on Waterfield Road, Bandra (West), at the break of dawn on Thursday has once again exposed how poorly trained security guards are and how callous residents can be towards security issues.A resident of the compound where the store is located and one of the security guards got to know that the robbers, who had come on two motorbikes, were assaulting a security guard in a bid to loot the jewellery shop, but did not alert the police. This has been revealed in CCTV footage, which the police have collected for investigation.The staff of the store, Tara Jewellers, use a gate separate from the one used by the building's residents. Both gates have security guards.On Thursday, around 4.45 am, four men-the robbers-arrived at the compound's gate near the store. While they were attempting to open the gate, the security guard there walked towards them-without a stick or a weapon-and asked them why they were there. By then, the men had entered the compound. They started beating the guard, who began screaming for help. The robbers took him to a corner and started to break the shop's shutter.After a couple of minutes, two of a family residing in the building returned from somewhere and blew the horn of their vehicle outside the other gate. The guard was not there. One of the robbers, mistakenly thinking that the guard they held hostage was managing the other gate as well, hurriedly walked over to open it. As the vehicle made its way in, the guard in charge of the gate arrived on the scene, but merely stood behind the robber, not asking him any questions.The robber then went back to the shop to assist his partners. The guard locked the gate and went inside the building, away from the robbers' gaze..He later told the police that he had informed a building resident that four men were trying to loot the jewellery store, but they did not pay heed. Seeing this, and out of fear, he did not bother to inform anyone else or scream for help. The resident concerned told the police that the guard had said \"dakaiti ho rahi hai\", but he did not understand this and so did not call the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17620627", "title": "Auto drivers still waiting for help", "text": "MYSORE: Most of the autorickshaw drivers who lost their vehicle in suspected accidental fire at Beedi Colony here on Wednesday are pinning hopes on their community leaders for help. They don't have insurance to claim damages.Mazdoor association member K C Shaukth Pasha claimed that of the total 23 autos damaged in the fire, only a few of them have insurance. However, all the owners/ drivers have possession documents. Residents of Azeez Sait Nagar will extend a helping hand to them. \"Sheriff Auto Stand owner Riyaz too has promised help from his side,\" Shaukath said.Aslam, a 47-year-old auto driver, told TOI: \"I'm worried about my future. We are not in a position to afford second-hand auto, which would cost around Rs 50,000. We are desperately waiting for help. I have been running an auto for the past two decades to feed my family of five. I had never come across such a situation,\" Aslam added.Meanwhile, investigation into the incident continuing, and police are probing the case from various angles.An unconfirmed source claimed that it was a case of arson and police are on the lookout for the accused who are absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17621751", "title": "Maneka takes dig at Sonia\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s speeches", "text": "VADODARA: The other Gandhi, estranged member of the Nehru-Gandhi family and BJP member of Parliament, Maneka Gandhi, who was in the city on Friday to campaign for BJP's Manjalpur assembly candidate Yogesh Patel took a dig at UPA chairperson and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's speeches. She was reacting to a question on chief minister Narendra Modi's remarks that Sonia should come better prepared for her campaign in Gujarat.Maneka, who usually keeps away from extensive election campaigns, told reporters that she was here as she shared a long relationship with Patel and respected him. She said that while she had not seen Sonia's speeches, it was a fact that Sonia's speeches had to be written.\"I do not know who writes them. But I know that these are written by somebody,\" she said. Maneka added that when Indians went abroad they caught up with English very well and, in an oblique reference to Sonia said she wondered why Hindi could not be learnt in a similar way.When asked about her opinion regarding Modi being called as prime ministerial material, Maneka said that it would be good if this happens. \"If someone has done good work at the microcosm, he can do good work at the macrocosm as well,\" she said.Reacting to Rahul Gandhi's jibes at Modi saying that the chief minister was a marketeer, Maneka said that only a good product could be marketed. \"One cannot market a bad product,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619288", "title": "CBI chargesheets three central excise officials for taking bribe", "text": "PUNE: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Friday filed a chargesheet against three central excise officials for allegedly taking a bribe of Rs 1.25 lakh from the partner of a hotel for not levying service tax on a multi-purpose hall with retrospective effect.The chargesheet was filed by inspector D K Bali through special public prosecutor Ayub Pathan before the special court in charge judge S P Tavade. The chargesheet was filed against central excise assistant commissioner P V Anangachekar (retired), superintendent Vidhyadhar Joshi and inspector Vinaya Kale.The officials were arrested on a complaint lodged by Ramdas Gaikwad, partner of hotel Gandharva at Chakan.Joshi and Kale were arrested for allegedly accepting Rs 1.25 lakh from Gaikwad for not levying service tax on a multi-purpose hall opened inside his hotel. Angachekar was arrested for negotiating the 'deal'.The chargesheet states that Joshi and Kale had allegedly demanded Rs 5 lakh from Gaikwad for not levying service tax on the hall.After negotiations, the amount was reduced to Rs 2.5 lakh. Joshi was arrested for accepting the first installment at his office.The chargesheet was filed under relevant sections of the Indian Penal Code and Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618806", "title": "Over 10.6k milk coops shut", "text": "NAGPUR: The government informed the legislative council on Friday that 10,666 primary cooperative milk societies in the state, out of total 26,647, were closed. Animal husbandry, dairy development and fisheries minister Madhu Chavan, however, stated that the government was making all efforts to revive these societies by offering them special packages. For boosting milk production, government had announced packages for regions like Vidarbha and Marathwada, he said. He added that for six suicide-prone districts of Vidarbha, the government had already announced prime minister's and chief minister's special packages and was now implementing Integrated Dairy Farm Park under National Agriculture Development Scheme.Chavan stated that the government had already granted Rs1 crore for all 11 districts in Vidarbha and eight of Marathwada for strengthening basic infrastructure related to milk production in villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620043", "title": "Senior accountant duped by duo at ATM", "text": "LUCKNOW: A senior accountant of a government department was duped by a woman and her accomplice on Thursday evening at an ATM located in sector-Q crossing under Madiaon police station. The man who was taller than the victim Chandrabhal, stood behind him inside the ATM and noticed his pin code discreetly, said the police. Meanwhile the woman also entered the ATM and the duo acting as a couple pleaded Chandrabhal to let them use the ATM immediately under the pretext of running late for a function.The man in a bid to help the victim started removing Chandrabhal's card from the machine. He claimed the card was stuck in the machine, but managed to recover it somehow. Unsuspecting Chandrabhal left the ATM and reached his home. He went to his bank to withdraw money on December 12 but to his surprise found out that Rs 50,000 was debited from his saving account. He was told that his ATM card was swiped on various occasions between 1st and 12th December.He produced his ATM card to the bank officials, but on close examination noticed it was not his own one. The man at the ATM had replaced his card with a similar looking fake ATM card.The police registered a case against the man and woman in the said incident.In a separate incident a person disappeared with Rs 57,700 from Daliganj area on Friday noon. In the said incident, a collection agent of a trading company was returning with the amount, when an unknown person told him that some cash had fallen on the road from his pocket. The victim Balkrishna bent down to check for the currency, while the miscreant disappeared with his bag that was kept on his bike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17620964", "title": "High court raps excise department on liquor vends", "text": "SHIMLA: Himachal Pradesh high court on Friday pulled up the excise and taxation department for failing to check opening up of liquor vends near educational and religious institutions.Hearing a petition about a restaurant-cum-bar being opened on a road leading to a government engineering college in Mandi even before the college was inaugurated, a division bench of Justice Deepak Gupta and Justice Kuldip Singh observed, \"In case the allegation of the petitioner is correct that this restaurant-cum-bar will cater to students of the college and nobody else. It makes a mockery of the avowed policy of the state to ensure those youngsters are kept away from intoxicants.\"The judges noted that the issue of location of liquor vends was coming before courts time and again and pointed out that when the Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act 2003 prohibited sale of tobacco products within 100 meters radius, why should liquor be permitted to be sold only at a distance of 60 meters from educational institutions.\"Health of the children and the future of our society is much more important than revenue collected by the state,\" the judges opined. They also observed that it was noticed liquor was being sold to many underage persons and asked the principal secretary, excise, to let the court know whether any liquor vend owner or salesman in the last 10 years had been booked for selling liquor to underage persons.The judges also decreed that the 2013-14 excise police spell out minimum age of a person to whom liquor could be sold. Noting that drunken driving was the chief cause of accidents in Himachal and the state had a stronger law that other states about drunken driving, treating the offence equivalent to culpable homicide not amounting to murder, the judges observed, \"We see no reason how the said state can permit liquor vends to be opened on highways.\"The court directed that a committee headed by the chief secretary should prepare a draft excise policy in which minimum age a person who can purchase liquor be defined in a clause about minimum distance of a liquor vend from educational institutions, places of religious worships and highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17620703", "title": "Toll plaza allows free passage for locals", "text": "NASHIK: The Pimpalgaon toll plaza of PNG Tollways that had suspended toll collection after owners of local goods carriers launched a series of agitations for exemption from payment, began toll collection from Friday.However, local motorists, falling within 20-km radius were given free passage through the toll plaza. This also included vehicles carrying agricultural produce and all taxis. Sources at the toll plaza said that it was an interim arrangement until the issue was resolved. They said that motorists, however, were being appealed to produce some documents to support their claim of being local residents.The bandobast, maintained by the rural police was also relaxed to some extent. However, sources at the plaza informed that the collection of the toll fee began at around 3.30 pm on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620786", "title": "Sandeep, Sardar command top base price of Rs 15 lakh at HIL", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hockey India on Friday announced the base price of 246 players who will participate in the Hockey India League.Indian captain Sardar Singh and drag-flicker Sandeep Singh are at top of the list with a base price of $ 27,800 (Rs 15 lakh each approx).They are above three foreign players Jamie Dwyer, Moritz Fuertse and Teun de Nooijer whose base price is Rs 13.5 lakh. Players have been divided into 13 categories ranging from Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 15 lakh. The auction is on Sunday.HIL AUCTIONS: BASE PRICESINDIANSRs 15 lakh : Sardar Singh, Sandeep Singh;Rs 10 lakh (approx): Gurbaj Singh; Shivendra SinghRs 7.5 lakh (approx) : Ignace Tirkey; V Raghunath; Danish Mujtaba; Gurvinder Chandi; SV Sunil; Sarvanjit Singh; Tushar Khandkar, S V SunilRs 5 lakh (approx): Rupinder Pal Singh, Birendra Lakra, Kothajit Singh, Manpreet Singh, SK Uthappa, Yuvraj Walmiki, Nithin ThimmaiahNOTABLE FOREIGN RECRUITSRs 13.5 lakh: Taeke Taekema; Glenn Turner (Both AUS); Oliver Korn (GER), Mohammad Imran, Mahmood Rashid (Both PAK), Pol Amat (ESP); Justin Reid Ross (SA)Rs 11 lakh: Jaap Stockmann; Marcel Balkestein (Both NED); Mohammad Rizwan Sr (PAK); Simon Child (NZ); Austin Smith (SA); Mark Knowles, Joel Caroll, Luke Doerner (all from AUS)Rs 13.5 lakh: Jamie Dwyer (Australia), Moritz Fuertse (Germany) and Teun de Nooijer (Netherlands);Note : Silent bids will be placed for all six Marquee players. Each will get a contract worth at least 115 per cent of the highest successful bid for the player in the auction. However, if the silent bid is worth more than this amount, the player will be entitled to get the amount mentioned in the silent bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17621447", "title": "Denied a seat at IIT, this visually-challenged youth will soon graduate from MIT", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was probably a good thing when the Indian Institute of Technology closed its door to Srikanth Bolla, on account of his visual disability, because it propelled him to apply to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). And he got through.\"I thought that if I could not get a seat at a renowned Indian institution, I must at least get into a world renowned institution. And I did,\" said Bolla. He was in the city to address a group of differently-abled students, organized by Lead India 2020 at the Kikani Higher Secondary School in the city on Friday.In 2009, when he had completed his pre-university from a college in Hyderabad, he wanted to get into IIT, but no coaching institute gave him admission. Undeterred, he applied to the MIT. \"Around 120 seats are open to international students, and I was the only blind person,\" he says. Presently, he is studying the final semester of his under-graduate degree in Computer Science and Business Management.For Srikanth, despite life being more challenging than it is for most of us, he always aimed high. Born blind into an agricultural family in Sitaramapuram village in Krishna District, Andhra Pradesh , he was admitted to a blind school in Hyderabad. He excelled in studies and scored above 90 percent in his class 10 examinations. He wanted to be an engineer and applied for the physics, mathematics and chemistry group for pre-university. But the education department said that a visually challenged person could only take up humanities. He had to run from pillar to post to get a favourable judgement. With the support of T Swarnalatha, his teacher from class 4, who translated all the books for him in audio format and braille he managed to score 93 percent. But the hurdle came when he wanted to join IIT after his pre-university. No entrance coaching institute gave him admission.Undeterred, he applied to MIT and got in. His experiences at the institute have been positive. \"They did not shower me with sympathy. Instead they provided the right environment for me to learn and grow,\" he said. Though he was the only visually challenged student the institute provided him with clay models for diagrams and concepts and even employed a tutor for him. \"Our institutions should learn a lesson from them. They have a system which supports the challenged to be like any other normal individual,\" he says.Bolla who will complete his course in May has already begun a paper manufacturing firm in Hyderabad for the differently-abled and the underprivileged. \"Sixty percent of the employees will be physically and mentally challenged and the rest , underprivileged,\" says T Swarnalatha. Bolla wants to pursue an MBA in an institute like Harvard and become India's president. No doubt his story is one oft quoted by his hero, the former President Dr APJ Abdul Kalam .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17620738", "title": "Madhya Pradesh high court issues notices to state over PDS food coupon", "text": "BHOPAL: A division bench of Madhya Pradesh high court, Jabalpur on Friday issued notices to the state's food and civil supplies department, ministry of public distribution and food, government of India and private companies - \"HCL Consortium\" on a petition challenging the manner of implementation of Public Distribution System - 'Food Coupon Project' by the State Government in May 2011.Double bench presided by Chief Justice S A Bopde and Justice M C Garg has directed all respondents to submit their reply within 2 weeks over the plea of petitioner Nirdhan Nishulk Sahayta Samiti, Bhopal-based NGO for grant of interim relief.The NGO petitioners filed the PIL mentioning that the state government floated 'Food Coupon Project' with the laudable objective of providing \"BPL card\" on the lines of Adhar Card for a target population of more than 1.25 crore BPL citizens of the state, consumers to around 22000 Fair Price Shops supplying ration at minimum administered prices. This project with the estimated budget of Rs 1,400 crore was to be worked as a PPP model, the tender of which was floated sometime in April-May 2011.Thereafter, a group of private companies known as HCL Consortium was selected and the state government executed the final agreement in August 2011 for the implementation of the project. However, in the final agreement, large number of vital and crucial conditions in the original NIT was deleted or diluted and multiple new conditions were created for favoring the private companies in the implementation of the project, the petitioner has alleged.Various conditions contained in the original NIT like termination, suspension of the contract by the State Government; forfeiture of bank guarantee; fixed time schedule of 5 yrs. for execution of the agreement, etc. were or deleted in the final agreement and altogether new clauses creating \"absolute monopoly\" by the State Government in favor of private companies is creating.The counsel for the petitioner Siddhartha Radhelal Gupta contended before the Court that the malafides of the government are evident from the way in which the crucial conditions of NIT were altered to the detriment of the State Government at the time of execution of final agreement. The company officials refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17621349", "title": "Two arrested with 40g heroin", "text": "The anti-narcotic and anti-liquor smuggling wing of city police recovered 80g heroin from two accused on Friday near Cheema Chowk. The accused - Narinder Singh of Fatehgarh Sahib and Manpreet Singh alias Sunny of Prabhat Nagar - coming from Transport Nagar in a car, tried to flee away when signaled to stop, but were arrested after a chase. Sub-inspector Harbans Singh said the heroin would be worth about Rs 40 lakh. A case was registered against the accused in Division No. 6 police station.CMC prof awarded in Odisha: Dr Bharti Uppal, professor and head of biochemistry at Christian Medical College, was awarded \"Dr Sadasivudu Oration\" at the recently held national conference of Medical Biochemists of India, \"Ambicon-2012\" in Bhubneshwar, Orissa, from December 8 to 10. She delivered a talk on \"Vitamin D, recent trends and where we stand\".College hails its alumna's glory: Alumni association of Ramgarhia Girls College organized a get-together in the seminar hall to felicitate the family of Arshpreet Kaur, who is among the top eight finalists in a music reality show on a popular TV channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17621563", "title": "Promotion quota: 20,000 UP employees on strike", "text": "NOIDA: Widespread protests against the bill for quota in promotions for SCs and STs were witnessed in Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad on Friday with nearly 20,000 government employees \u00e2\u20ac\u201d barring those engaged in emergency duties \u00e2\u20ac\u201d launching an indefinite strike against the Union government's move.All employees in the two districts , including senior bureaucrats , were locked out of their offices. The agitation also had its impact on other departments , including the collectorate , PWD, UP Jal Nigam and the power corporation. Departments like UPPCL and RTO made no revenue collections and boycotted all billing activities .Sitting on dharna since Thursday evening against the bill, demonstrators continued the protest shouting slogans against the UPA government on Friday morning. Under the banner of 'Sarvjan Hitai Sanrakshan Samiti' (SHSS), protestors belonging to the general and backward category slammed the Centre for playing politics with their future.Terming the Bill as \"unconstitutional\" and \"anti-people\" , SHSS president Shailendra Dubey said that they will; not relent until the tabling of the bill was reconsidered. \"Our protest is indefinite though our aim is not to inconvenience the common man,\" Dubey said.Dubey's counterparts in the district echoed his thoughts. \"We will keep protesting till the bill is revoked. If the government does not hear our plea then we'll be forced to take our protest to the streets and make it more intensive,\" said DK Jain, convenor for SHSS, Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad.Demonstrators said tabling of the bill will affect the rights of future generations. \"Introducing of the bill is injustice being done with senior employees. Those working since past 20-25 years on a post remain where they are and newcomers belonging to the SC/ST get promoted. This bill will only create divide amongst employees,\" said Kushalpal Singh, president, Noida Employees' Association.However, Bimla Devi, president , Noida SC/ST welfare association , said nearly 200 employees supporting quota in promotions were ready to work for extra hours not only to compensate for the loss due to the strike but to express satisfaction over the Centre's move.\"An amendment to the Constitution was necessary as SC/ ST candidates did not find place in the higher bureaucracy,\" Bimla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17621845", "title": "KSEB bleeds over Rs 22cr as govt plays blame game", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Attributing a political tinge to the loss of Baitarani coal fields in Odisha, which the Union ministry of coal had allotted to the Kerala State Electricity Board in 2007, power minister Aryadan Mohammed said the former LDF government was responsible for the deallocation.Replying to a notice for an adjournment motion moved by CPM leader and former power minister A K Balan, Mohammed told the Assembly that the lackadaisical attitude of the former LDF government had led to the loss of the coal field, which KSEB had been entitled to explore along with power utilities in Odisha and Gujarat. However, the opposition charted out the abortive attempts it made towards exploring the coal fields.It was on December 10 that the ministry of coal decided to deallocate the coal field following noncompliance of a host of conditions set by the ministry. Earlier this year, the ministry had issued a show-cause notice to the stake holders to which the board had responded with a new set of assurances.According to KSEB authorities, the board had given a bank guarantee of Rs 25 crore to the coal ministry and has been sharing the cost for running a company jointly formed by the three stake holders for the coal exploration project. \"As our share, we must have spent more than Rs 10 crore for the formation of the company and recurring expenditure. The bank guarantee was given in September 2008''. As per the coal ministry's deallocation order, 50% bank guarantee given by the stake holders would be forfeited as penalty for not keeping up the promises despite several reminders.It was only the power utility in Gujarat that had, at least, made some genuine efforts towards coal exploration. Since Orissa is already a power surplus state and shoulders socio-political issues related with land acquisition and mining, they too did not show much interest in using the coal fields in a time-bound manner, sources said.The ministry, in its deallocation letter, said the electricity board has not met any of the pre-conditions set by the ministry on time. It has also failed to come up with any solid plans on coal exploration and power generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17619981", "title": "Nitish Kumar backs quota in promotion", "text": "PATNA: Strongly favouring the provision of reservation in promotion to Scheduled castes/Scheduled tribes (SC/ST), Bihar CM Nitish Kumar on Friday said his party JD-U was in favour of the Constitution (117th Amendment) Bill, 2012, which would bring more clarity to the issue of quota in promotion.\"If the situation so arises, the JD-U will vote in favour of the said Constitution Amendment Bill in the Parliament,\" Kumar told newsmen before leaving for Kolkata to attend a function there. He also said, \"The members of SC/ST must get reservation in promotion. Despite numerous welfare measures and reservation in jobs, the condition of SC/ST people has not improved to a level that reservation in promotion be discontinued.\"The CM said the Bill being debated in the Rajya Sabha would bring more clarity to the issue of quota in promotion. He also recalled that the Bihar government had already taken a decision to continue with the provision of quota in promotion. \"The state government decided to continue with quota in promotion only after conducting a survey and in-depth analysis of data as per direction of the Supreme Court,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17620996", "title": "Abducted tutors found dead", "text": "GUMLA: All primary and middle schools remained closed on Friday after teachers demonstrated at Tower Chowk, blocking NH-23 and NH-78, following the death of two abducted teachers of Raikera Middle School in Bharno police station of the district.Headmaster Jaglal Sahu and para teacher Satendra Tiwari were kidnapped on Monday while they were returning home after school. The abductors had demanded Rs 25 lakh as ransom. But after the amount was not paid, the teachers were shot dead. Their bodies were found at Balumath in Latehar on Friday.As the news spread , irate teachers came out on roads in protest. The teachers, under the Jharkhand Primary Teachers' Association, the district VLWs Association and the Non-gazetted Employees' Federation, jointly gheraoed offices of the district collectorate, district superintendents of education (DSE) and Jharkhand Education Project in Gumla and forced them to close the offices. They also raised slogans against DC Shubhendra Jha and SP Jatin Narwal.The teachers also demonstrated at Town Chowk between 3 pm and 6.15 pm, bringing traffic to a standstill. They were adamant in calling in the DC and SP to the venue.A coordination committee of teachers and employees was also constituted to place their demands before the administration. The committee put forth a charter of demands, which included Rs 10-lakh compensation to the bereaved families, government jobs to dependents of the deceased, disassociation of teachers from civil construction and mid-day meal (MDM) works, security for teachers and government employees and quick disposal of transfer applications of teachers deputed to Naxalite-hit areas in the district.Jha said the demands would be considered and promised to write to the state government in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17620041", "title": "Pass on family traditions to future generations: Heredia", "text": "PANAJI: Writer Rudolph Heredia has said family traditions need to be transmitted to new generations and family memoirs were a way of doing this.Heredia was speaking at a session titled 'Eyewitnesses to history: Memoirs of Goa' at the second day of the Goa Arts and Literary Festival, 2012, at Dona Paula.He said each generation should interpret the family traditions in a way that was relevant to the time. Family traditions need not be hierarchical or patriarchal, Heredia added.Speaking on the topic of private and public space, host of the session Jerry Pinto said the idea of public and private space was being totally challenged by social networks with people increasingly disclosing trivial information such as what they had for breakfast through social networks.Heredia - who was involved in some humorous animated conversation with Pinto - felt this over-information (through social networks) was a way to hide real information. \"The details are obscuring reality,\" he added.Yvonne Vaz, author of the book, 'Songs of the Survivors' which is based on the Japanese bombings in Burma, said, \"Growing up to stories of the war captured my imagination and touched me deeply.\" Vaz narrated what inspired her to write the book and said she wanted to share the stories which focused on the war-time experiences of Goans and the migration from Burma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17621050", "title": "Slain ASI's daughter gets appointment letter", "text": "AMRITSAR: Punjab cabinet minister Bikram Singh Majithia on Friday handed over the appointment letter of naib tehsildar to Robinjot Kaur, daughter of slain assistant sub-inspector Ravinderpal Singh, on the occasion of bhog at her house.He later said that people like Ranjit Singh Rana, prime accused in the killing of Ravinderpal Singh, were there in every political party. \"We should throw all such elements out of political parties,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620924", "title": "Jeev honoured along with Nicklaus, Monty", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jeev Milkha Singh was awarded the Asia Pacific Lifetime Achievement Award in the august company of American legend and 18-time Major champion Jack Nicklaus and eight-time European Tour Order of Merit winner Colin Montgomerie of Scotland in Bandar Seri Begawan.He was recognized for his efforts in making Asian golf popular throughout the globe. The honour was bestowed upon Jeev during the Asian Golf Monthly Awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17619642", "title": "Discotheque opens in Patna on Sunday", "text": "PATNA: This time the disco lights are for true in the city, and not on the dance floors at private parties! For the \" Disco deewanes\" of the city, \"The Disc... man\", claiming to be Patna's first discotheque, would go on floors from Sunday. Patnaites don't need to fret anymore about the absence of nightlife in the state capital.For those seeking to forget work pressure and spend their weekends over some loud music \"The Disc... Man\" is the place to visit. \"People in the state often confuse discotheques with dance bars. We will strictly have a couple entry only and have hired a DJ from Mumbai to treat our guests to some of the best mixes,\" said Sanjeev Jha, the man behind it all.The discotheque will boasts of elegant interiors and would serve mock-tails and Thai, Chinese and Continental cuisines. Chefs from five-star hotels of Delhi would be treating your taste buds with specialities that include \"Thai fried chicken\" and \"spring rolls\". Trying to cash on the festive season round the corner, the discotheque will make its presence felt through a mega event, with DJ Kathy Force coming all the way from Russia. \"We are trying to target the city's youth and for the first time, an international DJ is coming to Bihar,\" said Jha.A \"Corporate Convention Centre\" with two boardrooms, three conference halls and a business centre with video conferencing and Wi-Fi facilities aims to provide corporate infrastructure for MICE - Meetings, Incentives, Conferences and Events, under one roof. \"With flexible soundproof partitions, the hub can host anywhere between 8-150 people at one time,\" Jha said.The disc would be open from 12 noon to 11pm. The entry fee to the disc is yet to be decided but it would be able to host about 300 people in one go. Time for some grooving on the dance floor for Patnaites, or should we say, \"Let the music play\"!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621334", "title": "Traders have a narrow escape as car catches fire", "text": "LUDHIANA: Three businessmen from Dugri Phase II had a narrow escape when the car they were traveling in caught fire near Pratap Chowk on Friday evening. The three businessmen \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Prem Kumar, Vinod Kumar and Gajendra Singh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were traveling in a Swift Dzire.Prem, who was driving the car, noticed smoke coming out of the car's bonnet and stepped out to check before it caught fire. Sources said the policemen deputed nearby reached the spot and called a fire tender to douse the fire. The three escaped unhurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618764", "title": "Ambedkar memorial to come up in three phases", "text": "NAGPUR: The Ambedkar memorial at Mumbai's Indu Mill will come up in three phases. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday told the legislative council that the first phase will involve completion of a blueprint and in the second, a global tender would be invited to set the ball rolling.The third and the final phase would have the state government facilitate construction of the ambitious project, Chavan told the council following a marathon debate on the issue. \"Dr Ambedkar was the architect of social change in our country and this memorial will promote and showcase part of his ideology and thinking,\" he said.Chavan was concluding a three-hour long debate held over a notice presented by Congress' Subhash Chavan under section 260 of the assembly rules. The chief minister gave a detailed account of how the entire process of obtaining the 12-acre land was followed, starting from the office of Prime Minister, Textile minister and secretary, and departments of the Maharashtra government.Giving credit for the making possible this 'dream', Chavan gave credit to all involved in the land allotment process. He assured that the state government will provide as much funding as possible to construct a grand and world-class memorial for Dr Ambedkar.Earlier during the day, several members of the council demanded that government must, even if it wants to take credit, do everything possible to build a grand memorial. \"Whoever wants to take credit can take it. As it is we are ashamed that this memorial is coming up 56 years late. It is shocking if you see the number of memorials which have come in Delhi as a mark of respect to a certain family,\" said BJP's Vijay Girkar.BJP's Ashish Shelar said the government must not yet think it has crossed the finish line since there are many more hurdles to clear before the memorial actually comes up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621634", "title": "Critical power to be back in a min", "text": "KOLKATA: Power utility CESC plans to bring all critical installations, including Raj Bhavan, hospitals, water works and drainage pumping stations under a remote fault identification and repair system that will reduce the duration of power cuts at these facilities to less than a minute. At present, it takes 15 to 20 minutes to restore power to emergency connections in case of a major disruption.Based on wireless network, the system will alert CESC officials about a fault through an automated SMS. This will then allow the persons concerned to isolate the fault from the network from a remote location and transfer the load to a spare line. All this can be done within a minute of the blackout. The Writers' Buildings has already been fitted with the system on an experimental basis.\"Having dealt with the power deficit situation and ensured that there is no shortfall in power supply with interruption of less than 2 minutes a day, we are now working towards a smart grid. However, this will require foolproof technology that is stable under Indian conditions. The US Trade &amp; Development Agency has forwarded a $600,000 grant to conduct a feasibility study for such a grid in Kolkata. Around 18 global consultancy firms have bid for the study. The party is expected to be selected within a month. Thereafter, the study should take six to eight months,\" said CESC executive director Aniruddha Basu.The utility will also install fault passage indicators on 4,000-odd gas-filled ring main units so that the fault can be detected faster for quicker restoration. Moreover, a large number of distribution pillar boxes are being set up to reduce the number of consumers affected in case of a low-tension line breakdown. This will again ensure quicker restoration.\"We have also changed the maintenance philosophy by introducing condition monitoring of plants and equipment, a concept imbibed from our association with Singapore Power. Earlier, maintenance was carried out following a time-based schedule but now, the health of plants and equipment is checked periodically and maintenance carried out on the basis of the results of such health checkup,\" said Basu.CESC also plans to launch a major customer data updating drive that will enable the linkage of a consumer number with the consumer's cellphone number so that when he or she books a fault from the phone by either SMS or voice, the consumer number will be automatically registered. Now, customers have to read out the consumer number from a bill when registering a fault complaint with the call centre.\"Locating an electricity bill when there is a power cut is a difficult proposition. But the consumer number is needed since lodging the premises number or consumer name won't do as there can be multiple meters in the same address and names are spelt differently by individuals. Hence, linking it with a phone from where the complaint is being booked seemed the most logical. We will undertake a high-decibel campaign so that customers call 1912 and register their phone numbers and email IDs,\" Basu added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619312", "title": "Women's helmet 'sensitive'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Women in the capital don't require helmets as the Delhi government feels the issue is a \"sensitive\" one. In a clear reversal of its earlier assurance, the Delhi transport department told the Delhi high court on Friday that \"there is no need to amend the motor vehicle rules making helmet mandatory for woman as the issue is sensitive.\" This, despite the fact that Delhi Commission for Women (DCW) favours helmets being made mandatory. Even the government had told HC earlier this year that it wants to amend the motor vehicle rules to ensure safety of woman riders on two wheelers and make it mandatory for them to wear helmets.Appearing for the Delhi government, counsel Zubeda Begum placed the file before Justice Rajiv Shakdher. The file revealed that the transport department had re-examined the issue of doing away with the exemption from wearing helmets for women and introducing appropriate amendments earlier this month. However, the government contended that the women are not in favour of this as it is a sensitive one.Seeking more time from the court, the government counsel assured the bench that a formal affidavit would be filed in this regard, after HC stated that it expected the government to come on record with its stand.Justice Shakdher then gave time to the government till January 13., even as he questioned its argument, pointing out that the transport department file shows \"Despite a proactive view of the DCW for amendment in the rules, the government is not accepting it\".\"The government's stand is contrary to the earlier stand taken before the court to re-examine the issue,\" the court observed while hearing a plea by social film maker Ulhas P R to launch contempt of court proceedings against Delhi chief secretary for failing to obey HC's previous order. to amend transport rules to make wearing helmets mandatory for woman pillion riders on two-wheelers.Ulhas alleged that the government had failed to amend the rules as per the court's April order within two months, which expired on June 25. While disposing of the PIL by Ulhas, a division bench had relied on the government's stand reflected in its affidavit that \"the matter is being re-looked /re-examined by the department for appropriate amendment\". \"We dispose of the writ petition with the direction to the government to undertake the necessary exercise and make suitable amendments, as it deems fit, within a period of two months from today,\" the court had then said.Ulhas had originally challenged the provision in the Delhi Motor Vehicles Rules, which exempts women from wearing helmets while riding and also as pillion riders on two-wheelers. He had also questioned the exemption given to women saying that there should be a uniform law for all people, irrespective of their caste, creed, gender and religion.As per the Delhi Motor Vehicle Rules 1993, Sikhs wearing turban and women are exempted from wearing helmets while riding motor-cycles and scooters. In the 1990s, the state government had sought to make wearing helmet by all sections including the Sikh community mandatory but the move was thwarted in the wake of protests against it, the petitioner had said in his plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618941", "title": "Traffic cop saves teen attempting suicide", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after city police averted a suicide by a 31-year-old man, who had poured kerosene on himself at Akashwani square, alert cops prevented suicide by a 17-year-old girl from the Sitabuldi flyover on Friday afternoon.The teenager was about to leap from the overbridge when traffic cop LB Badate, with the support of a passer-by, pulled her back. \"She had almost jumped over the side wall. Fortunately, Badate and another man reached on time and pulled her back,\" said police.According to the police, the girl had been ditched by her lover and hence was depressed. Police said that the minor's lover got engaged on Saturday but had not informed her.\"On learning about his engagement, she called him to meet at Variety Square. After meeting him, she threatened to end her life. She rushed to the over bridge and shouted at the boy that she was going to end her life,\" said police.At the same time, passers-by informed Badate, who rushed to save the girl. Police said that the couple had been in a relationship for past many years. The two had even eloped from their houses twice.Police said that this was the third suicide attempt by the minor. She was later handed over to her family members, who claimed that she is a little mentally disturbed. So far no offence has been registered against the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17621760", "title": "Midair groping: NRI techie convicted", "text": "WASHINGTON: For a third time, an Indian software consultant has been convicted by a US court of groping a woman while they were seated next to each other on a flight to Chicago.Srinivasa S Erramilli, 45, remains free on bond pending sentencing, which has been set for April 26, 2013, by US district judge Joan H Lefkow at a Chicago court.Erramilli, on a work visa in the US, faces a maximum sentence of two years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Incidentally he was convicted twice previously for nearly identical crimes.Evidence at the trial showed that Erramilli was the last passenger to board a Southwest Airlines flight to Chicago's Midway Airport on June 14, 2011, and was seated in the only open seat available between the victim, seated next to the window and her husband, sitting on aisle seat.The victim testified that Erramilli groped her three times during the flight. She struck Erramilli and yelled at him after realizing that he had been groping her.Other passengers and flight attendants also testified during the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621040", "title": "Consider inclusion in OBC list: Haryana to Centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three days after Haryana Backward Class Commission (HBCC) submitted its report, the Haryana government on Friday urged the Union government to consider its request for inclusion of Jat, Jat Sikh, Bishnoi, Ror and Tyagi castes in its list of OBCs.\"The Haryana council of ministers, in its meeting held on December 12, decided that the (Haryana Backward Classes) commission's recommendations regarding inclusion of Jat, Jat Sikh, Bishnoi, Ror and Tyagi castes in the central list of OBC may be taken up with the government immediately so that they can get the benefit of reservation in government jobs,\" a communique to Anil Goswami, secretary, Union ministry of social justice and empowerment, said.Following a spate of protests, the Haryana government had constituted the Haryana Backward Class Commission, headed by Justice (retd) K C Gupta, in April last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17620946", "title": "Pandemonium over 'favour' to co owned by CM's relative", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh Assembly on Friday witnessed uproarious scenes when Congress members raised the issue of upgrading the registration of a company allegedly under pressure, as it belongs to state chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan's brother.The matter was raised by Purshottam Dangi (Congress) during question hour who wanted to know that how the company's registration was upgraded by the Public Works Department (PWD) from A-3 to A-4 category within 41 days, despite the rule that it cannot be done before a year.Intervening in the matter, Govind Singh (Congress) alleged that since the company belongs to the brother of the chief minister and it has mentioned its address as the \"chief minister's residence\" therefore, it was done under pressure.Leader of opposition Ajay Singh termed it as a gross violation of rules and added that the House wanted to know from the PWD Minister who all are the partners and share holders in the company.However, the Speaker did not permit it on the ground that the question does not arise at this point as it was not asked with the original question.PWD Minister Nagendra Singh, in his reply, termed the Congress' allegations as \"baseless\" and clarified that the company's registration in A-4 category was done only after it fulfilled all the conditions.He refused to cancel the registration of the company on the ground that it had applied afresh for registration in the A-4 category and not for upgradation from A-3 to A-4.The Minister also said that no officer had done anything wrong in the matter and therefore no question arises of taking any action against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17620845", "title": "Soluble stents mark the 'dawning of a new era'", "text": "The new bio-absorbable stent , which can dissolve completely after some 18-odd months in the blood vessel , is set to revolutionize the treatment of cardiac problems in India . However , the bio-absorbale stent comes with a premium price tag .\"It will cost Rs 2.85 to 3 lakh for each stent , and the entire hospitalization may cost a patient over Rs 4 lakh for a single stent ,\" said a hospital administrator . In contrast , imported drug-coated permanent metallic stents cost Rs 1.3 lakh each .Senior cardiologist Dr A B Mehta , of Jaslok Hospital , said , \"The absorbable stent may only be used for a few wealthy people in the city .\" However , Seth added , \"We are still negotiating the cost with the company , because the absorbable stent will be beyond the reach of the common man in India .\"But experts said there is no denying that the absorbable stent is an evolution .\"It's the dawning of a new era . From using balloons in the 1970s, we have now evolved to using absorbable stents ,\" said Dr Ganesh Kumar , of Hiranandani Hospital, Powai . He said the bioabsorbable device , in fact , should be called a scaffolding and not a stent . \"A stent is a permanent metallic device , while this one will dissolve completely within two years ,\" he added .Experts list three major advantages of the absorbable scaffolding . \"There is no question of stent thrombosis (clotting ) because the scaffolding dissolves ,\" said Mehta .Seth said the biggest advantage of the bio-absorbable stent is that patients will not need to take two anti-platelet (blood-thinning ) medicines for years on end .City-based cardiologist V T Shah said patients will need to take two blood-thinners till the scaffolding dissolves . \"Thereafter , they will need to take only one for up to two years ,\" he added . Long-term studies will show whether the blood thinners need to be taken at all in the long run .At present , patients with regular metallic stents can never be asked to stop taking their blood thinners for fear of some clotting occurring in the stent .\"So the patients w i t h stents w h o need to undergo another operation in the future , such as knee-replacement surgery or dental implants , are at risk of excessive bleeding. They cannot risk stopping taking the blood thinners ,\" said Shah .The bio-absorbable stent , or scaffolding , may be the best invention for younger cardiac patients who require treatment in their 30 s or 40s.\"The scaffolding will dissolve and doctors can use any mode of treatment in the future, even a cardiac bypass surgery ,\" said Seth .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17620936", "title": "Himachal Pradesh University still tense over ABVP-SFI face off", "text": "SHIMLA: The face off between Student Federation of India (SFI) and Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) in Himachal Pradesh University has intensified further with both sides demanding action against each other.ABVP held a protest march on Friday on the campus against charges leveled by SFI. Campus president of ABVP, Kushal Kaundal, alleged that SFI had been making baseless allegations against ABVP members, and instead demanded action against SFI members for violating hostel rules.The SFI had earlier claimed that five students, owing alliance to ABVP, had cleared the exams without even being present on the examination day. On Thursday, SFI had carried out massive protests in the campus demanding a vigilance inquiry. On their demand, varsity authorities had conducted a probe and found anomalies in the results of the five students and had called for cancellation of their results as well as suspension of clerical staff in the branch.SCA president Rahul Chauhan said, \"The suspension of clerical staff is not a solution to the nexus between ABVP and varsity authorities.\" He alleged that in the previous year as well ABVP students had been involved in malpractices, managing to procure fake mark sheets. \"We do not trust the committee constituted by the varsity to investigate the matter and therefore we demand a high-level inquiry into the matter,\" he said.ABVP activists have also alleged that varsity is taking no action against SFI activists for consuming liquor in hostel premises as well creating ruckus in the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17623089", "title": "Sunny Leone proud to be most searched celebrity on Google in India", "text": "MUMBAI: Indo-Canadian adult movie actress Sunny Leone is proud to learn that she is the most searched personality online, in India.The actress was named the most searched celebrity in Google's annual Zeitgeist list.The second position went to veteran actor Rajesh Khanna , who passed away in July this year.\"It is a very proud moment for me. Me and my husband Daniel Weber have worked really hard to get recognition and it is really overwhelming that people and my fans are searching me online,\" Sunny told IANS.\"I consider myself lucky. I am just one film old in Bollywood and despite that I have achieved so much,\" she added.The actress made her Bollywood debut with Mahesh Bhatt's \"Jism 2\" and will next be seen in Ekta Kapoor's \"Ragini MMS 2\".Sunny said she always wanted to achieve such recognition, but thought it was impossible.\"I always wanted to be here but thought it is not possible. But after being here I feel anything is possible. It is so amazing. It is indeed a proud moment for me and my husband Daniel,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "attili (west godavari)", "code": "17620504", "title": "Farmer duped by fake I-T officials", "text": "ATTILI (WEST GODAVARI): A well-to-do farmer from Attili village in West Godavari was duped on Friday morning by five persons claiming to be income tax officials. The impersonators landed up at Medapati Surya Bhaskar Reddy's house at about 7.30 am on the pretext of conducting a raid and took away about 110 tolas of gold ornaments and Rs 50,000 in cash. According to the superintendent of police, West Godavari, M Ramesh, the imposters came in an Innova car and convinced Reddy that it was an official raid by flashing fake identity cards. They even produced a receipt that later turned out to be fake. Out of the five, two of the cheats were in police uniform. After closing the doors of the house from inside, the imposters ordered the middle-aged couple, who were alone in the house, to hand over the keys to their cupboards on the pretext of carrying out a search and survey operation. They took away the gold and cash and left in a hurry. Suspecting their behaviour, the farmer approached the local police, who later found that they were impersonators. The police have booked a case and started investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620451", "title": "Sir Creek still 'doable', despite Narendra Modi plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sir Creek was supposedly a \"low-hanging fruit\", within reach of a resolution between India and Pakistan until the Gujarat polls intruded. Three months ago, PM Manmohan Singh , returning from Tehran after meeting Asif Zardari \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on the sidelines of the NAM summit \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had described a possible resolution on Sir Creek as \"doable\", a term first used during a lunch meeting between them in April.Now, it's undeniably linked to nationalist rhetoric and Gujarat's hopes of hydrocarbon deposits, which makes it as difficult a solution as Siachen or Jammu &amp; Kashmir.Gujarat CM and BJP's potential PM candidate Narendra Modi set the cat among the pigeons with his letter to Singh earlier this week, asking him not to \"give\" away Sir Creek to Pakistan. Signing off as a \"concerned\" citizen rather than a presumptive CM, Modi skirted the Election Commission's guidelines, while playing the nationalist card.He also casually flagged the impression that the UPA government was preparing to barter Indian interests with Pakistan. Fully aware that such impressions stick, the PMO retorted instantly, backed up by finance minister P Chidambaram . In a reply, the PMO described the charges as \"unsubstantiated allegations\". \"The contents of the letter and the timing of its release to the public, even before it was formally received in this (PMO) office, raise questions about the motives behind its issue,\" the PMO said. \"The writing and release of this baseless letter by the Chief Minister of Gujarat in his \"personal\" capacity, a day before elections in the state, is mischievous,\" it added.The damage has been done. Modi will contend that during the CMs' conclave here in April, he had asked for a hydrocarbon assessment of the Sir Creek area. The PMO reminded him that negotiations on Sir Creek had started in 1998, and carried on through NDA's rule. Over the next couple of years, Singh's Pakistan outreach on Sir Creek will be forced to clear a Modi veto.The fact is that if India and Pakistan are to arrive at a solution to this technical and vexed issue, the final agreement has to be acceptable to both the sides, which would mean some amount of \"give and take\". Over the years, technical teams of both the nations have sat down and worked out a solution that is believed to be acceptable to these countries. It is generally believed that it only required a minor political push to sign the agreement.But as with the Teesta accord, which was scuttled because West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee had raised the spectre of the state losing resources to Bangladesh , Modi's letter is likely to make it politically costly for the PM to either push ahead with the agreement or undertake a \"substantive\" visit to Pakistan. In September, 2011, Singh suffered an acute embarrassment, when Banerjee pulled the rug under his feet on the eve of his maiden visit to Bangladesh. Indo-Bangla ties are yet to recover from that rude jolt.Pakistan has been pushing India to work out a Siachen agreement to make New Delhi get off the heights of the Saltoro Ridge, which it has occupied. The Indian defence forces have argued that India retains a strategic interest in Siachen and that once they come down from the heights they could be impossible to retake. The Army's argument has led politicians questioning the political wisdom of a Siachen agreement at this point, which has effectively put the pact in cold storage.But for the optimist, Modi's letter also offers a way out. Beyond the fog of elections, a textual reading of the Modi letter suggests that a resolution short of \"giving away\" could still be possible. Whether Singh has the political capital to persist with it or whether Modi is just locking away a future agreement to be effected during a BJP-led government, remains to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620072", "title": "Student withdraws money using dad's ATM card, elopes with tutor", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 14-year-old student allegedly eloped with his 21-year-old teacher. The young student-tutor couple, probably inspired by some mushy romcom has kept their parents on tenterhooks since Wednesday. The boy is a student of ninth standard of Thakurganj branch of a leading school chain, while his female tutor, a student of BCom third year.The couple turned their cell phones off late on Wednesday but police found out that the couple Rishi and Ankita (name changed) were together and had eloped at will. \"We have found out after putting their cell phones on surveillance that their locations had been the same from the time they have eloped,\" said IP Singh, in-charge of Chowk police station on Friday. Rishi withdrew an amount of Rs 11,000 from his father's bank account on the same night from SBI ATM in Chowk area, added Singh.Rishi's father confirmed the incident to TOI and also told that his son had been taking tuitions for past eight months. Rishi wanted to focus on commerce, as he felt that it would ensure bright future for him, he said. It was then that the family got the reference of Ankita who stayed in the same locality. Ankita began teaching her student at latter's residence located in the old city area. Soon the hard work of the two started showing results and Rishi's grades, particularly in commerce, started improving.At the same time fondness between the two also kept growing. The two started meeting more often and at times also went on dates, said the police. The police arrived at the conclusions after going through the call records of the two. The duration and frequency of the phone calls as well as text messages kept increasing with each passing day.The unsuspecting families were clearly bewildered from what followed. \"Initially I thought my son had been abducted by somebody for ransom and there had been a lot of hue and cry at home over Rishi's mysterious disappearance. But Ankita's parents and my family, in a way were relieved to hear that the two fled together. We do not fear for the worse now at least,\" said Rishi's father who owns a sweetmeat shop. Ankita's father is a share broker and both the families have their fingers crossed.\"We were informed about the missing couple around 10.30 pm on Wednesday and have registered a case under 364 IPC section,\" said Singh. The police expect the couple to return to their homes after splurging the amount and said that the two will be counselled accordingly.A similar incident was reported some months back in Talkatora area. In that case a married teacher along with her kids had eloped with her school student and had abandoned her husband. Their location was traced to Darjeeling by the police and they were brought back subsequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17620842", "title": "Government Aviation Training Institute takes wing after 11 months", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Biju Patnaik airport authorities have finally decided to allow flying training at the Government Aviation Training Institute (GATI), which was stopped since January this year after the state civil aviation wing failed to pay project allocation fee to the Airports Authority of India. But before that the state aviation wingwill have to seek air-worthiness permission from the director general of civil aviation (DGCA), said sources.\"We have given verbal consent for carrying out flying activities at GATI. We will send an official letter after the aviation department gets approval of air-worthiness from DGCA,\" said airport director Sharad Kumar. He said they put restriction on flying as they had demanded 50% of the revenue being generated by the state aviation department from training, which was not paid to them. \"The government had not paid the amount till July. We received it in August,\" said Kumar.The state civil aviation directorate, which runs the GATI, said it had been paying a token money of Re 1 per year for flying training till January 2012. \"Thereafter airport authorities slapped the fee, which the state government was unable to pay till July. Although we paid about Rs 46 lakh to the airport authorities in August for allowing us to continue the flying training, they did not allow us to do so until recently,\" said Muralidhar Palai, additional secretary, general administration, who is in additional charge of director civil aviation. He said though flying activities were stopped, theory classes are on.GATI outsourced the training to a private company Global Avianautics LTD, which is running the training institute with three senior pilots and four engineers. The state civil aviation department receives Rs 60 lakh a year for providing space and two training flights. \"We have two flights for training. One is owned by the state government and another donated by Aero Club India. Now students are receiving training but they are unable to undergo practical sessions because of flying restrictions,\" said Sudhir Dey, officer on special duty, civil aviation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620554", "title": "73 tonnes of unsafe food products seized", "text": "CHENNAI: Substandard food seems to be the bane of the city. Chennai Corporation's food safety department officials on Friday seized 73 tonnes of food products from a manufacturing unit in Kodungaiyur for not having proper labels and safety marks. Officials said that most of these food products did not have a batch number, which means that they could not be tracked or their purity and safety ascertained.The seized products are worth Rs 12.34 lakh. Officials said they seized 1,450 litres of unsafe oil, 27.2 tonnes of wafers, 34 tonnes of raw materials, and 9.62 tonnes of expired masala powder from the manufacturing unit. Officials said they have taken action against the manufacturing unit as per the Food Safety and Standards Act (FSSA), 2006.District food safety officer S Lakshmi Narayan said the team carried out the raid in Muthamil Nagar in Kodungaiyur based on a tip-off. \"It was found that they have been selling these substandard products in various shops. There was nothing in the packaged products including batch number, expiry date or the address of the manufacture and date of manufacture,\" he said.Officials said that they have sent 14 samples of items to King Institute Of Preventive Medicine in Guindy for laboratory tests. \"Many children have been buying these food items because they were cheap. We have also issued a notice to the manufacturer for producing mislabeled products,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17618418", "title": "Narain Karthikeyan &amp; Karun Chandhok win Race of Champions Asia", "text": "NEW DELHI: Formula One driver Narain Karthikeyan and Karun Chandhok , taking part in the Race of Champions (ROC) for the first time, qualified for the main event after winning the ROC Asia by defeating Japan in the finals.Team India qualified for the ROC Nations Cup in Bangkok and will be in the same group as defending champions Germany comprising of Sebastian Vettel and Michael Schumacher.Karthikeyan and Chandhok won the final 2-0 after leading the group stage with four wins out of six races. Both drivers won three out of their four races.\"It is an incredible feeling to be a part of Team India's success in the ROC Asia in only our first visit. It has been really tough with limited track time but at the end of the day we pulled it off,\" Karthikeyan said from Bangkok.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17621156", "title": "Navy to build 42 battleships", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Indian Navy is building 42 new battleships in the dockyards of the country and is looking to manufacture more defence equipment indigenously and not depend on foreign imports, Admiral DK Joshi, Chief of the Naval Staff, said on Friday.Joshi said it was high time India focused on indigenous defence equipment and depend less on military imports. \"We are the world's largest importer of defence system and almost 70% of our equipment is imported. This picture is not comforting,\" he said in a keynote address at a seminar on \"Indigenisation through innovation in Indian defence sector.\"He said that out of the 44 new battleships to be commissioned into the Navy, 42 are being built at the Naval and private dockyards in cities including Cochin, Mumbai, Goa and Kolkata among others.INS Arihant, country's first nuclear-powered submarine was built in Visakhapatnam and is waiting to be commissioned into the Navy very soon. It will be ready for sea trials in the first half of the coming year. The 6,000-tonne Arihant was launched in Visakhapatnam by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in July 2009.During his address, Joshi also highlighted the need for innovation to further the nation's military might. \"Innovation is effective only if there is a supporting and stimulating eco-system comprising government and armed forces structures along with their policies, capacity, and capabilities of private industry, various research and development organizations and academic institutions.\"Emphasizing that the country needs to increase spending on high-end research and development, he hoped that the private sector would contribute significantly towards it. India spends only 0.9% of its GDP on research and development as against about 3% by developed countries. \"There is an urgent need to enhance our spending on research in science and technological and also make research in universities more attractive,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620004", "title": "Foreigners targeted in card fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons were arrested on Friday after the police unearthed a credit card cloning racket.According to the crime intelligence unit, the accused-Sameer Kasim Shaikh and Tauffik Rajabali Mistry-obtained details of credit and debit cards and then made duplicate ones. They purchased international flight tickets using the cloned cards.Nearly 30 cellphones, 25 SIM cards, four laptops, 20 air tickets, 25 credit and debit cards have been seized by the police. \"If they purchased expensive electronic gadgets from big stores, then their images could be captured on a CCTV camera. Hence, they did only online bookings of hotels and airline tickets,\" said a senior police officer. \"Most of the victims are foreign nationals who never visited India,\" said inspector Ajay Sawant.\"When a foreign national made purchases online, the credit card details were passed on by international racketeers to their counterparts in Mumbai,\" said senior inspector Shashank Sanbhor.Shaikh was arrested in 2007 along with suspended inspector Tushar Kadam for a similar fraud. Investigators are on the lookout for six persons, including two bank officials and a senior call centre employee for passing on data to the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17620629", "title": "Man robbed of valuables", "text": "MYSORE: A group of unidentified miscreants robbed a private firm employee of 40 gram jewels at Old RMC Road on Thursday midnight.According to police, four miscreants waylaid Girish, 32, a collection manager at a private insurance company, near RMC Road and snatched his valuables. Girish told the police that he was walking to have dinner when the miscreants struck him. A case has been registered at Laxmipuram police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17620978", "title": "More young blood infusing the police force", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat police seems to be going through a phase quite similar to the Hollywood flick - The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. The state police force seems to be regaining its youth as young recruits are flooding the state police.\"We now have one of the youngest forces in the country. Gujarat police has the largest number of cops below 35 years of age,\" said the director general of Gujarat police, Chittaranjan Singh. No less than 22,000 senior and junior cops have joined in the last six years alone.The result of this is that the quintessential pot-bellied cops are fast being replaced by young, suave cops who are more educated and focused than their predecessors.Police sub-inspector Kiran Chaudhary, 29, who is now posted in the crime branch, is a Bachelor of Engineering specializing in electronics and communication. After working for some time as a deputy engineer with a diary company, Chaudhary's desire to live life on the edge and take up a job that will offer fresh challenges everyday convinced him to join the men in khaki five years back.\"I joined the police force because it is quite different from the run-of-the-mill jobs in the government and private sectors. There is no way to get bored here, I love the exhilaration of crime investigation,\" said Chaudhary, whose father is a farmer in Palanpur.The likes of Chaudhary were quite alien in 1960 when Gujarat police came into being. Then very few denizens of the state were ready to join the force. \"It was not considered a respectable job at that time. Uniformed people were not welcome in marriage ceremonies and social functions because cops' presence would be considered an insult,\" said a retired senior police officer of Gujarat.Retired public relations officer of Ahmedabad police commissioner, Ashwin Jani, said: \"It was quite difficult to get candidates from Gujarat, willing to join the state police force. Till 1965, whenever Gujarat police wanted to recruit new jawans, they used to go with empty buses to states like Maharashtra, UP, Haryana and Rajasthan. There they used to actually beat drums to announce that a recruitment camp was being held for Gujarat police. Whoever was interested was brought to Gujarat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619395", "title": "HC ropes in agencies to decongest Chandni Chowk", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday expressed concern over congestion in the thickly populated Chandni Chowk area and roped in two agencies to chart a plan to solve the problem.A Special Bench dealing with traffic problems turned its attention to Chandni Chowk and asked UTTIPEC and the Shahjahanabad Redevelopment Corporation to suggest ways in which the area can be decongested after carrying out a study.Meanwhile, almost a month after being rapped for keeping the multi-level parking facility in Chandni Chowk closed, the North Delhi Municipal Corporation (NDMC) on Friday told the HC it will become functional next month.Assuring a special bench of Justice S Ravindra Bhat and Justice S Muralidhar that the parking will decongest the crowded area, the corporation said it plans to re-start the facility soon. It was answering HC's query on why the ready-to-use multilevel parking facility in the area is closed, though it had been inaugurated twice.The court also refused to grant more than two weeks time to the corporation to start the process of registering over 7 lakh cycle rickshaws plying in the city. Rejecting the NDMC's plea to grant more time, the bench made it clear the process must start in next two weeks ort else the commissioner will be held accountable.HC had earlier cleared the decks for smooth registration of cycle rickshaws and quashed a rule of the erstwhile MCD that insisted on an address/identification proof from the owners, after activists complained it had resulted in harassment of the poor.Lifting its stay on the policy and operation of the civic agency for registration of cyclerickshaws HC had said it shouldn't insist on ID proof in the application form for issuing licences. The petitioners in the case, Manushi, argued that information sought in the form is irrelevant and objectionable.Unhappy with the criteria established by the corporation for registration of the vehicle and issuance of licence, Manushi had also cited an example, \"The application form for registration seeks whether the applicant is suffering from tuberculosis (TB) and for how many years he has been staying in the city.\"The special bench constituted to monitor the capital's pilot project for non-motorised vehicles (NMV), including cycle rickshaws on city roads, had earlier stayed the policy and asked the corporation not to implement the policy till it incorporates certain changes. It had also asked the corporation to reconsider its decision of charging the annual fee of Rs 25 for renewal of the licence for cycle rickshaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620132", "title": "University HOD, teacher held for 'striptease'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) police on Friday arrested the head of Mumbai university's physical education department along with an assistant teacher for allegedly changing clothes in front of female colleagues. The two have been booked for outraging the modesty of a woman.The incident occurred in March and a complaint was lodged on August 28 after the 25-year-old victim (a contract teacher with the university) submitted an online complaint to the police commissioner.HOD Bapu Chougule (57) and assistant professor Nilesh Lohar (39) were arrested on Friday after their anticipatory bails were rejected by a sessions court on December 4, said BKC inspector GG Patil. The two have been remanded in police custody for seven days.The victims-a lecturer, a librarian and a sweeper-initially complained against Lohar to vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar and other university authorities on March 2. But when no action was initiated, they logged on to the police website and filed a complaint with the Mumbai police commissioner. The university's women's development cell, which received the complaint, had submitted its report to Welukar. The cell's chairperson Kranti Jejurkar said, \"There was no molestation. It appears the arrest has not been made on the basis of our report.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17619636", "title": "'Swadeshi' fair to continue till Dec 23", "text": "PATNA: For all those who have a 'Swadeshi' outlook and want to create a traditional aura around them, Gandhi Shilp Bazar is the place to be. From home decor to kitchenware to fashion accessories, this traditional handicraft fair has something for everyone. Inaugurated by state tourism minister Sunil Kumar 'Pintu', the fair began on Friday and will continue till December 23.Lal Mamud and his team from Assam have come down to Patna offering endless options in wooden accessories for those who want to give their home a trendy but elegant makeover. Beautiful wooden wall hangings with the face of Lord Ganesha on it can be bought for Rs 130 to Rs 180. And trendy wooden bedside lamps can be yours for just Rs 450.Also, wooden serving trays can be obtained for Rs 120 to Rs 250. Besides home decors and kitchenware, wooden furniture too is attracting people. However, that may be a bit pocket-pinching as a single wooden chair is priced at Rs 1,600. A set of a pair of wooden bangles and wooden 'jura' pin for just Rs 80, can give a unique touch to the style quotient of the women in search of something new for themselves. \"These are made of bamboo and cane wood and are scratch-proof,\" explained Mamud.At Kusum Devi's stall, one enters into a new world of jute. From cellphone pouch to cute money bags to carry bags, Kusum has a variety of items at a reasonable rate. Working women wanting to get rid of their old and worn-out folder can get stylish jute folders from her stall for just Rs 100.With artists from various parts of India, the fair has become a curious mix of talents. Pooja from Karnataka weaves 'rudraksha malas' on demand for those with spiritual quotient. Both Pooja and her husband have a rare collection of \"natural\" 'rudraksha' beads as they displayed one piece with structure of a snake with its head raised and a 'shivling' like structure beneath it. They also have a 'Ganpati rudraksh' which, they said, grows only once in every 12 years.The fair has plenty to serve young girls who have a fancy for tinkling jewellery. Sunita Kesri has endless accessories ranging from Rs 10 to Rs 600 to suit every pocket. The elegant ear dots or fancy pearl necklace all can leave women pondering what to pick and what to leave. Also, Kripa Narayan offer you 'oven safe' set of 3 'haandis' for just Rs 280 to Rs 380 and also a set of 6 cups of 'matt finish', which is a bit expensive as it costs between Rs 240 and Rs 280.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621386", "title": "Residents fear traffic chaos", "text": "LUDHIANA: City residents are quite excited. With the India-Pakistan, India-Malaysia kabaddi matches and live performance by Katrina Kaif , people can't help looking forward to the time of their lives.With the administration announcing open entry for people without invites and passes from one gate, excitement levels have peaked.The closing ceremony of the kabaddi world cup will feature bike stunts, of which Saurabh Handa of the Ludhiana Stunts' Academy will be a part. For Saurabh this is his chance of being part of history. \"What could be better than performing stunts at an event that will go down in international sporting journals for years? I have participated in many national events but this one beats the others in its scale and grandeur,\" Saurabh said.However, many residents are apprehensive of the delays diversions will cause. Assistant commissioner of police (Traffic) Elanchezian said traffic diversions will be accompanied by special parking lots for the convenience of city residents.Parking arrangement for buses has been put in place for people coming from Ferozepur Road, including Mullanpur, Pakhowal and Raikot. Parking lots have been set up in the new district courts and Punjabi Bhawan.Flow of heavy traffic will also be restricted. While authorities have tried to tighten loose ends, many residents have decided to postpone important assignments fearing inevitable delays. \"The event is a much hyped one. It is going to cause a lot of inconvenience to residents as many diversions have been created and parking places are also far off from the stadium, \" said Omkar Singh, a resident of Barewal.All in all, it is a big day for the city and is being treated as such.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621064", "title": "It will be sunny from December 18", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you miss lounging around in the winter sun, take heart. The meteorological department predicts sunny days from December 18. But the sky will be overcast on December 16 and 17, though no rain is expected.The last few days have been cloudy and it rained from 11.30pm to 3.30am on Thursday night. In these four hours, there was 13.6mm rain. Post rain, Friday remained cloudy and windy. Maximum temperature dipped two degrees to stand at 23.0 degrees celsius on Thursday. However, minimum temperature rose by three degrees. It was 9 degrees celsius on Thursday and 12.0 degrees C on Friday.Meanwhile, the cold and rainy weather evoked mixed emotions. Sector-40 resident Sushant Gupta said he loves to go out with friends in such weather. Ravneet Kaur of Sector 32 differed, saying there's nothing better than the winter sun. \"Its good that coming days are going to be bright and sunny, Winter should have sunny days,\" she said.Sector-52 resident Gurtej Singh loves the winter rain so much he regretted having missed it. \"By the time it started raining, I had gone to bed and there was no rain on Friday,\" he said ruefully.Yuvraj Sharma of Sector 19 wholeheartedly agreed. \"I am disappointed to have missed the rain. The winter rain has a different feel to it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17620487", "title": "Genco out of solar power race", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state-owned APGenco pulled out of the race for solar power generation after the state government fixed the unit price between Rs 6.50 and 7.50, the lowest in the country. After finding it unviable to set up solar power plants to sell at the rate fixed by the state government, APGenco decided to pull out of the race.On Friday, when APTransco, the nodal agency for new solar power plants, called for a pre-bid meeting at Vidhyut Soudha, no official from APGenco, fourth largest power generator in the country, turned up. \"Though we are running solar plant at Jurala and have all the expertise to bid for the solar projects, we decided not to participate in the bid process. We have many other projects on hand including Krishnapatnam and Jurala Hydro and mobilizing funds to the tune of Rs 8000 crore for solar projects would make us over-burdened,\" K Vijayanand, managing director of APGenco told TOI. But the inside story appears to be different. When the state government finalised the purchase price between Rs 6.50 and 7.50 per unit, Genco officials worked out the financials and concluded that the rate prescribed was not very attractive and would only harm its business interests. The APGenco board which met recently opined that it would be able to jump into the race only at a later stage when the prices are increased.Hundreds of entrepreneurs who are willing to set up solar power plants across the state grilled APTransco officials over lack of transparency in the solar power policy from the state government. Questions poured in starting from subsidies and tax benefits available for the solar power plants to the government guarantee for 25 years for the purchase of power.More than 250 entrepreneurs from different parts of the country attended the pre-bid meeting chaired by APTransco chairman, managing director Hiralal Samariya who answered many of the questions posed by the entrepreneurs. One entrepreneur wanted to know why was the processing fee fixed at an 'exorbitant' Rs 2 lakh when states like Rajasthan collected only Rs 10,000 for the same. Samariya explained that this condition was laid down to keep away non-serious bidders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17618595", "title": "Despite threat to post, Jain to work for changes", "text": "MUMBAI: Unperturbed by rumours that his reign as Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) chairman may end after the elections on Tuesday, Vivek Jain is going ahead with his efforts to get the lease of the Mahalaxmi Racecourse extended.There are whispers doing the rounds at the RWITC that former chairman Khushroo Dhunjibhoy is likely to throw his hat in the ring for the coveted post of chairman during the committee meeting after the December 18 elections.\"I have heard such things, whether they are true or no doesn't bother me. I'm going ahead with what I have promised to deliver to our members and the racing public in general,\" said Jain, who has been garnering maximum number of votes for almost a decade.According to Jain, the BMC response after high-level meetings, is very positive on lease extension. There has also been encouraging progress made on the issue of reducing betting tax.Jain also added that despite the financial constraints, the increase in stakes to horse owners in the coming year will be around 2 crore. The Club has also agreed to reimburse owners, the impact of Service Tax, which is over 3 crore per year.Buoyed by their 5-4 victory on the issue of Australian administrator Wayne Wood's reappointment, the opposition may try to displace Jain from the top post on Tuesday. Dhunjibhoy, however, has maintained stoic silence.Elections for the two vacant seats in the Board Of Appeal has four candidates, namely, Rusi Seth, Byram Jeejeebhoy, Asif Lampwala and Dhiraz Oza. Going by the voters' mood, it seems Lampwala and Jeejeebhoy may get the nod.There are whispers doing the rounds at the RWITC that former chairman Khushroo Dhunjibhoy is likely to throw his hat in the ring for the coveted post of chairman during the committee meeting after the December 18 elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17623317", "title": "Dhanush's 50 lakh worth song", "text": "The single man behind the success of 'Kolaveri Di', Dhanush, is featured in a song in Malayalam film 'Kammath &amp; Kammath' that is worth Rs. 50 lakh. Dhanush appears in a scene when he comes to inaugurate a hotel and then he is seen dancing to a song with popular actor Mamootty.Films producer Anto Joseph reveals that the film is made at a total budget of Rs. 9 crore and is directed by Thomson. ' Kammath &amp; Kammath ' is a rollicking comedy which has Mammootty and Dileep playing the Kammath brothers who own a hotel chain.For the set itself, the producer is said to have spent Rs.12 lakh. The song was shot at Kazhakoottam Alsaj Convention centres, near Thiruvananthapuram. Other cast members who joined the song sequence were Karthika, Rima Kallingal, Baburaj, and Raja Lakshmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621197", "title": "Constitute children\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s commission: Punjab and Haryana HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court, on Friday, directed the U T administration to constitute Children's Commission as envisaged under the Commissions for Protection of Child Rights Act, 2005, within a month. The division bench of the HC headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri also directed the Union government to give the approval for financial sanction within a week.When the matter came up for hearing before the bench, senior standing counsel for UT Sanjay Kaushal informed the court that setting up of the commission has been delayed because administration was waiting for the approval of the central government for budget allocation for creation of Children's Commission. Rejecting the stand, the high court remarked that it is a case of typical bureaucratic cobweb and directed the Union government to \"grant the necessary financial sanction within a week starting Friday\".Directions have been issued in the wake of a petition filed by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) filed through counsel Anil Malhotra seeking constitution of State Commissions and Children's Courts besides registration of all children homes and formation of a proper selection committee for protection of child rights in Punjab, Haryana and UT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621717", "title": "Kolkata to host 100th Indian Science Congress", "text": "KOLKATA: Secretary of science and technology, T Ramaswamy, met governor M K Narayanan on Friday to discuss about the 100th Indian Science Congress that is scheduled to be held in Kolkata next year.Sources said that invitations have already been sent to President Pranab Mukherjee , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , chief minister Mamata Banerjee and the governor to attend the inauguration ceremony on January 3. It will be a five-day event and end on January 7.\"The President, prime minister, governor and chief minister will share the dais on the inauguration day. Till now a list of invitees of Nobel Laureates have been drawn. We shall get a confirmation only a week prior to the event,\" said sources in Raj Bhavan. The inauguration ceremony will be held at the Salt Lake Stadium.The 100th Indian Science Congress will be held in Kolkata between january 3-7. Invitation has been extended to President Pranab Mukherjee, prime minister Manmohan Singh, chief minister Mamata Banerjee and governor M.K.Narayanan to attend the inauguration ceremony. On Friday, secretary of science and technology T.Ramaswamy attended a meeting with governor M.K. Narayanan and discussed the details of the event. \"President, prime minister, governor and chief minister will share the dais on the inauguration day. Till now a list of invitees of Nobel Laureates have been drawn. We shall only get confirmation a week prior to the event,\" said sources in Raj Bhavan.The inauguration of the event will be done at Salt Lake Stadium on December 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17621867", "title": "Apex court stays made snana order", "text": "BANGALORE: The Supreme Court on Friday stayed the November 8 Karnataka high court order allowing the modified made snana ritual.The state government had submitted to the high court that it would modify the controversial practice at Kukke Subrahmanya temple in Dakshina Kannada district.As counsel for the petitioners too agreed with the government's decision, a high court division bench of Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen and Justice BV Nagarathna disposed of the PIL, stating that the matter no longer required the court's attention.Earlier, a public interest litigation (PIL) was filed before the high court by Veerabhadra Channamalla Swami of Nidumamidi mutt and others challenging the practice.This was challenged in the Supreme Court by Adivasi Budakattu Hitarakshana Vedike, Karnataka.Contrary to the original practice, the state government had decided against serving food to Brahmins or anybody else in the outer yard on the day the ritual is held. It had also resolved to restrict devotees from rolling over plantain leaves with leftovers of food had by Brahmins.Instead, the government decided to allow them to roll over food offered to the deity directly brought from the sanctum sanctorum to the outer yard in the form of 'prasadam' and later placed on plantain leaves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620149", "title": "KGMU boost to cancer treatment in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cancer treatment in the state is now more accessible with the start of photodynamic therapy (PDT) unit at KGMU's radiotherapy department. The medical university is first in the state to offer PDT, the latest cancer treatment technique, mainly used for treating head, neck and skin cancers.Though the department has carried out eight successful cancer treatments using PDT, the unit will be formally inaugurated on the 26th foundation day of the radiotherapy department on Saturday. Head, radiotherapy department, Prof Naseem Jamal said, \"All eight patients who have been treated with PDT were detected with head and neck cancer. We have treated patients with tumors in tongue, lips and buccal mucosa using PDT.''Prof Jameel explained that since the rate of head and neck cancer is relatively higher in UP, the PDT is of absolute relevance here. Reason being that in take of tobacco and related products, and smoking is quite high in UP. In the past year, a total of 3,235 new cancer patients visited KGMU. Of these, about 65% were suffering from head and neck cancer.The biggest advantage of PDT is that cancer cells get destroyed with minimal toxicity to normal tissue. To begin with, a photosensitizing agent (foscan drug) is injected into the bloodstream. After photo sensitizing agent induction, the patient is kept in a room at below 60 watt illumination. The agent is absorbed by cells all over the body but stays in cancer cells longer than it does in normal cells. About 96 hours (four days) after the injection, when most of the agent has left normal cells but remains in cancer cells, the tumour is exposed to diode laser light. The photosensitizer in the tumour absorbs the light and produces an active form of oxygen that destroys nearby cancer cells. The light used for PDT comes from a laser or other sources such as LEDs. Laser light can be directed through fiber optic cables (thin fibers that transmit light) to deliver light to areas inside the body.However, its biggest limitation is that tumours having depth more than 1cm cannot be treated successfully. PDT is usually performed as an outpatient procedure. But it may also be repeated and used with other therapies such as surgery, radiation or chemotherapy. The cost of the treatment is between Rs 55,000 and Rs 60,000. The department has spent Rs 70 lakh for procuring PDT equipment. On the occasion, Dr S Hukku, chairman, Radiation Oncology BLK Super Specialty Hospital, New Delhi will deliver lecture on \"Education &amp; Training of Radiation Oncology in India\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620587", "title": "No toll to be charged on two-lane highways", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a major shift from its earlier stand of bringing more roads under toll network, the highways ministry would drop any proposal to charge toll on two-lane highways. Sources said that this view has emerged following consensus among officials that providing a minimum two-lane highway is government's \"social responsibility\".For over three years, there has been a debate on bringing all two-lane highways under tolling in order to recover the investment made for their expansion and the ministry had been planning to bring the issue before the Cabinet for its approval. But it has faced objection from one department or the other. \"We don't want any tolling on two-lane highways. However, we need to take a decision on what should be the norm for levying toll. Without providing any additional facility or big comfort to commuters, bringing a toll-free road under tolling would go against commuters' interest,\" a government official said.Sources said that the highways minister C P Joshi has also supported this argument, and even the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) is in favour of it. \"We will send our observation. We have been against tolling on two-lane highways and any increase in toll charges,\" a senior NHAI official said.The ministry's changed stand would send signals of how the UPA government is in favour of pro-aam aadmi measures ahead of crucial assembly polls in Rajasthan, Delhi, Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh next year.Government has prepared an elaborate plan to award at least 8,500 km single/ two-lane highways for expansion to two-and-half lanes over the next two years with 100% government funding. Majority of such projects in the first phase would be taken up in Joshi's home state Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh.Exempting all two-lanes from tolling would also help the government avoid protests at local levels. At least 50% of the over 75,000km national highways have two lanes, while around 20% of the total network still have a single lane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621492", "title": "Films to spread word on special abilities", "text": "KOLKATA: The popular medium of cinema, theatre and music will be used to create awareness on special abilities during the Awareness on Mental Ability Week starting in Kolkata from Tuesday. The Wellcome Trust/Department of Bio Technology (DBT) India Alliance has lined up a slew of events as part of the awareness campaign.These include a live performance by well-known UK-based performer Andrew Dawson (on cerebral palsy), a public lecture by actor and neuro physician Mohan Agashe and screening of several films and documentaries. These films were curated by Agashe and Gregor Kern of Munich. Besides, panel discussions and a demonstration on dance therapy for specially-abled people will also be organized.Manovikas Kendra is also one of the organizers.According to Agashe, he has been experimenting with the concept of using cinema as a tool for education for long.\"When I was part of a jury in Munich nearly a decade back, I was impressed by the film 'Way We Live' on special abilities. Since then, I have come across several extra-ordinary films that can be the most useful tools for education. These need not be special films. 'An Extraordinary Mind' changed the way people looked at Schizophrenia while 'Taare Zameen Par' made people sit up and understand Dyslexia.We have selected about a dozen films for the event in Kolkata. We may get time to screen only about 8-10 but this should help to change the mindset of people,\" Agashe told TOI.\"Our aim is to create an interface between those associated with specially-abled people and the public. As part of the Department of Bio Technology, we wish to highlight the kind of research that is underway on the subject and put it to use. Our attempt is to attack the insensitivity that prevails when dealing with people with special needs. We wish to change the attitude of people and make them understand that even those with special needs can perform like others,\" said Prof Anuradha Lohia, CEO, Wellcome Trust/DBT Alliance.Using cinema, theatre and music as tools to raise awareness about people with special abilities. The concept may sound unique but this is what the Wellcome Trust/Department of Bio Technology (DBT) India Alliance plans to do during the Awareness on Mental Ability Week starting in Kolkata from Tuesday. The organizers claimed that never has a campaign of this sort been organized in such a large scale in the eastern part of the country.The events comprise a live performance by well-known UK-based performer Andrew Dawson (on Cerebral Palsy), a public lecture by actor and neuro physician Mohan Agashe and the screening of several films and documentaries. These films were curated by Agashe and Gregor Kern of Munich. There will also be panel discussions and a demonstration on dance therapy for specially-abled people. The target audience involves care-givers, parents, teachers of both special and normal schools, doctors and anybody who wants to know more on the subject. Manovikas Kendra is also part of the organizers.\"Our aim is to create an interface between those associated with specially-abled people and the general public. As part of the Department of Bio Technology, we also wish to highlight the kind of research that is underway on the subject and put it to use. Our attempt is to attack the insensitivity that prevails when dealing with people with special needs. We wish to change the attitude of people and make them understand that even those with special needs can perform like others,\" said Prof Anuradha Lohia, CEO, Wellcome Trust/DBT Alliance.According to Agashe, he has been experimenting with the concept of using cinema as a tool for education for long. \"When I was part of a jury in Munich nearly a decade back, I was impressed by the film 'Way We Live'. This was about special abilities. Since then, I have come across several extra-ordinary films that can be the most useful tools for education. These need not be special films. 'An Extraordinary Mind' changed the way people looked at Schizophrenia while 'Taare Zameen Par' made people sit up and understand Dyslexia. We have selected about a dozen films for the event in Kolkata. We may get time to screen only about 8-10 but this should help to change the mindset of people,\" he told TOI.The actor-cum-doctor believes that films and plays help to get people interested in any subject. \"Interest is most important. Even if intelligence is slightly less, people can be educated if they are interested and there is sufficient motivation. Story-telling is a very important part of education. We had conducted a workshop on pollution with schoolchildren. The students were divided into four groups. Group I was not shown the play that we produced on the subject or given any follow-up material, Group II was shown the play but not given any follow-up material, Group III was not shown the play but given the follow-up material while the last group was shown the play as well as given the follow-up material. It transpired that there was a sea change in the attitude of members of Group IV,\" Agashe added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17622852", "title": "Zanjeer: Sanjay Dutt's look in the film revealed", "text": "That Sanjay Dutt will reprise the role of Sher Khan in Apoorva Lakhia's remake of Prakash Mehra's 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer, had been reported by this newspaper. And now we bring you Dutt's look in the film.The actor sports a bright yellow pathani and a trendy French beard in the remake.By contrast, Pran, who immortalised the role in the original film, wore a greenish embroidered kurta with a shimmering pink jacket. Add to that, his flaming red beard and moustache gave him a more conventional look.Elaborating on Dutt's appearance in the film, director Lakhia told, \"From the time we decided only Sanjay could do this role, he walked onto the sets as Sher Khan. My female assistants got very excited. Navin Shetty and Aalim have worked very hard on his look. He has a huge fan following and we wanted to make him look like a modern Pathan. The last time Sanju sir played a pathan was years back. As for Pran saab , he was a very senior and established actor when Zanjeer was being shot. It's the same situation for Sanju today.\"Modern or not, Dutt has quite a task ahead of him as he has to fill Pran's rather big shoes...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17620070", "title": "Scouts &amp; Guides programme concludes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The weeklong Scouts and Guides training programme concluded at Allahabad School of Education, SHIATS, on Friday.The students were divided into 10 groups and performed various activities each day like group songs, dance, skits. Each day began with a scout and guide prayer followed by a scout song. The groups were given the detailed history of the existence of scout and guide programme in India. RN Shukla explained the importance of physical exercise and discipline in our life. We were taught various activities such as different clapping styles, new ways of tying knots, preparing tents etc. The students co-operated with the trainers by giving brilliant performances each day which made the programme even more interesting and easy going.The five day programme came to an end on Friday. The groups put up tents and decorated them. Though the weather was cloudy, they all managed to prepare dishes, enjoying the sharing, fun and appetizing aroma that filled the air. Pro Vice-Chancellor (Academics) &amp; Dean Humanities, Social Sciences &amp; Education, Prof Newman Fernandes, accompanied by Prof Shukla, of the Directorate of Distance Education, inspected the tents of different groups, took salute and encouraged the students to remain patriotic to the nation and extend a helping hand wherever national service was required.Workshop: Under the urban health initiative, a workshop was held for doctors, consultants, midwives and other health workers to train them about the right method of breastfeeding and LAM (Lactational Amenorrhea Method). Claiming that breastfeeding is the best ideal nutrition for newborns as it has all essential substances, speakers on the occasion stressed that there is need to spread awareness among mothers. They also added that it's a safe and available nutrition for newborns.Eye camp: The cataract operation camp organized by the National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ) in and around Meja block at Manohar Das Eye Hospital, Allahabad, will conclude on December 15. The camp was inaugurated by Vinod Sharma CEO, MUNPL in presence of Deepa Sharma, president Aprajita Mahila Samaj members and official of health department of UP government. On this occasion Vinod Sharma told Meja Urja Nigam (P) Limited is one of the brightest symbols of a corporation for people, taking care of their needs and aspirations. The project has been throughout showing its concern for the rural population around in many ways. MUNPL believes in growth with a human face and R &amp; R initiatives have hugely changed the landscape of local development sector. Health camps are organised regularly in nearby villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17620726", "title": "Bhopal Hockey Association, sports department agrees before Madhya Pradesh high court to settle disputes", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court on Friday cleared the uncertainty over hosting the 66{+t}{+h} edition of the Obaidullah Khan Gold Cup Hockey tournament from Dec 17 at the Aishbagh stadium asking the sports department to facilitate separate enclosure for the Bhopal Hockey Association (BHA) members at the stadium and to sort out their differences in the next three months.Earlier, the court had directed the sports department on Wednesday to reply on the writ filed by the BHA.In its order, the court allowed the BHA to participate in organising the tournament jointly with the department. The court observed, \"As was done on the previous occasions, a pavilion for accommodating the members of the BHA would be made available and that the members of the association would be given due recognition and respect at the prize distribution programme and introduction of teams.\"The petitioner BHA and sports department agreed before the court that both parties would sit together and work out the modalities before the start of the tournament.Besides, the other disputes raised by the BHA regarding ownership of the Aishbagh Stadium, trophy of the Obaidullah tournament, the rights to use the name of the Obaidullah Khan Gold Cup hockey tournament which is being conducted since 1931 and others will be resolved mutually.The court in its order also directed the two parties to resolve the dispute among themselves within a period of three months after the completion of the tournament. When contacted, director sports, Shailendra Shrivastava said, \"We welcome court orders. We will follow it.\"Earlier, Madhya Pradesh high court had directed the state government to reply on the petition filed by Bhopal Hockey Association demanding to refrain the directorate of sports from unilaterally hosting the Obaidullah Khan Gold Cup Hockey tournament at Bhopal from December 17.The notices to this effect were issued by the single judge bench of Justice R S Jha on a petition filed by BHA secretary I Rehman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620604", "title": "Trains\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 speed fail to keep pace with cars", "text": "NEW DELHI: You may be driving your car faster than mail and express trains.Railways could manage to run its mail and express trains at an average speed of 50km an hour during 2011-12.While, the average speed of EMUs (electrical multiple units) ran at 40km an hour and ordinary passenger trains covered 36km an hour. The goods trains ran at an average speed of 25km an hour.Though the state-run transporter may be planning to run bullet trains, the trains could achieve such speed only on broad gauge. On meter gauge, the trains slowed down further, with mail and express trains plying at 30km an hour and goods trains at 14km an hour.The speed of trains, according to railways, was dependent on various factors such as the trains themselves, signaling system, rolling stock and stops.\"It is a constant endeavour of Indian Railways to improve the average speed of trains,\" minister of state for railways K J Surya Prakash Reddy said in the Rajya Sabha on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17620868", "title": "PIL against 'illegal' rickshaw-pullers", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court on Friday asked the director general of Assam Police to file an affidavit in response to a PIL filed by AGP leader Jagadish Bhuyan, where the petitioner complained against inappropriate implementation of Gauhati Municipal Corporation (GMC) byelaws of 1976 in giving licences to rickshaw-pullers in the city.The PIL alleged that the inaction by the authorities concerned has been facilitating suspected illegal migrants to ply rickshaws in the city for a long time. The high court asked the DGP to furnish the affidavit within March 6, 2013. Earlier, the high court sent notices to the commissioner of GMC and Assam Police chief in the case. However, the counsel of GMC was absent on Friday.According to the petition, altogether 16,000 rickshaws were registered with the GMC till 2011-12 and that 5,100 rickshaws were plying in the city without any registration. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17620661", "title": "Pandit Ravi Shankar's memorial services to be held in US, India", "text": "WASHINGTON: Memorial services of the legendary Indian sitar maestro and composer, Pandit Ravi Shankar , who died in California early this week, would be held in both the United States and India.Both the services, near his home in Southern California and India, will be attended by family and friends, and will offer an opportunity for loved ones to share intimate memories and thoughts about the musician, said a press statement issued on behalf of his family.\"Public concerts celebrating Ravi's music, in both New York and London , are being discussed for 2013. More information will be announced as it's available,\" it said.The Shankar family is extremely touched and grateful by the outpouring of support and kind wishes.\"Thank you all for the messages and memories you have shared with me since my Father passed away. They have made his image in my heart still more full, bright, and beautiful. He will live on in the music he gave us, and I feel him around me so strongly still,\" his daughter Anoushka Shankar said on her Facebook page.Norah Jones , his other daughter, posted videos of Ravi Shankar performing on her page and stated: \"He's 51 in the first clip and 92 in the second clip, and an inspiration in both. I love you and miss you, Pops.\" Sukanya Shankar, the wife of the music icon, said that \"he has always belonged to the public, whom he loved and cherished\".The family is also encouraging people to help carry on Shankar's mission of peace through music by donating either to the Ravi Shankar Foundation (www.justgive.org) or to their favourite charity in Ravi's name this holiday season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "silcharr", "code": "17620890", "title": "Karimganj village to get Assam University help", "text": "SILCHARr: Assam University, Silchar, has adopted a remote village near the India-Bangladesh border in Karimganj district to give it a socio-economic uplift. A university team on Wednesday visited Mukamtila village under Patharkandi block in Karimganj as part of a border area development programme initiated by the central university at Dorgakona near Silchar.The team, comprising Subhabrata Dutta, head of the department of social work; Sudipto Roy, head of the department of information technology; Ayiriddhi Bhattacharjee, teacher of the department of mass communication; and Aditi Nath had discussions with residents of the tribal village, 90 km from here and took a tour of the remote locality dotted by hills. The team of teachers of Assam University visited individual houses to take stock of various provisions and resources available for various activities and developments that can be planned for the village. AU sources said the team, during its visit, found that altogether 68 families with a population of nearly 550, all belonging to the Khasi tribe, live in the remote village. The economy of the village is dependent on beetle-leaf cultivation, a seasonal occupation.The team had discussions with various stakeholders and identified areas that need attention for the overall development of the village. Locals expressed concern about lack of proper healthcare and drinking water facilities. The team found a single teacher running a primary school with 89 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17621083", "title": "Patia case: Acquittal of 20 challenged", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The witnesses in the Naroda Patia case of post-Godhra riots have questioned the special court's decision to acquit 20 accused persons. The witnesses claim that evidence against the 20 has been overlooked.A division bench of Justice R R Tripathi and Justice R D Kothari has set January 9 for a hearing for the admission of the appeal, said witnesses' lawyer Altaf Jidran. The state government and the SIT have not filed any appeal in this case despite the fact that the limitation period was over more than ten days ago. The prosecution is expected to file its appeal against the lower court's decision within 90 days. Special judge Jyotsna Yagnik pronounced her verdict on August 29 convicting 31 and acquitting 29 persons.All the convicts have challenged the SIT court's verdict and the HC has admitted their appeals.Farzana Pathan and five other victim-witnesses of the 2002 riots have filed an appeal against the special court's decision to acquit 20 including two women - Ramila and Geeta Rathod, and a lawyer Rajkumar Chaumal. The witnesses have not questioned the trial court letting off nine other accused persons, for they were acquitted for want of any evidence against them. Those whose acquittal has been challenged were let off by the court by giving them the benefit of doubt.The witnesses, however, have now demanded an enhancement in the punishment handed down to 32 convicts including former minister Maya Kodnani and Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi. All the convicts were awarded life imprisonment. While Bajrangi has been jailed till his death, eight others have been sentenced to 31 years. Kodnani has got 28 years' jail term, while the rest have been jailed for 24 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17620740", "title": "Students of distance education entitled to study material", "text": "BANGALORE: Beginning next academic year, students pursuing distance education under the Bangalore University (BU) will be entitled to study material too. The courseware framed under the revised syllabus will be printed and supplied to those who have registered for various courses offered by DCC&DE; (Directorate of Correspondence Courses and Distance Education) from 2013-14.Hitherto, the university was only giving reference material and not study material to the students.Announcing the decision at the academic council here on Friday, acting vice-chancellor N Rangaswamy said: Although the new syllabus has already been designed, the study material could not get printed for this academic year (2012-13) due to shortage of staff and paucity of time. We revised the syllabus as the previous syllabus was outdated.''Going against the decision taken at the BU syndicate meeting regarding the erroneous BEd colleges, the council decided to write to the government against the decision. Karan Kumar, chairman of BU task force, said: \"Even if these colleges are being granted affiliation for three months, they should not be given a nod for the admission process.\"The verdict regarding introduction of 'school concept' and 'five-year integrated course' in the BU has been put on hold. \"Majority of undergraduate colleges with life science courses are closing down as there is no demand. In such circumstances, we should first analyze on what will be the fate of the new life science courses that we are planning to come up with,\" said a council member.The council also resolved to approve the reduction in course fee of MSc molecular biology course, after much debate.The council rejected the proposal to establish a deer park on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621344", "title": "When no one can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t Rajini can, CBSE tells you why", "text": "LUDHIANA: Gags apart, Rajinikanth is not a superstar for more than flamboyant clothes and gravity defying stunts. His real stunt is his the journey of his life from bus conductor to one of the most famous entertainers around the world. It is Rajini's resilience and focus that the Central Board of Secondary Education wants students to learn as part of their school curriculum.The actor's life story will be taught to students of Class VI in CBSE affiliated schools. The focus will be on the dignity of work Rajini espoused, treating his job as bus conductor and his work as a celebrated actor with equal respect. The CBSE initiative is aimed at motivating children to achieve success with hard work and dedication rather than looking for short cuts. The lesson is from the perspective of Rajinikanth's close friend Rao Bahadur who was the driver of the bus in which Rajni was a conductor.As the actor turned 62 on the much hyped 12-12-12, the CBSE initiative gave his birthday celebrations an extra zing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17623232", "title": "Textile showroom gutted near Madurai, fire personnel sustain minor injuries", "text": "MADURAI: A textile showroom was completely gutted in a fire accident on Friday morning at Thirumangalam near Madurai.It is estimated that Rs 5 lakh worth clothes were burnt in the incident. Though nobody was injured, three fire fighting personnel sustained minor injuries during their attempt to douse the flames.Passersby noticed smoke billowing from the textile showroom on Usilampatti road and informed the fire and rescue services personnel around 6.45 am. Fire personnel from Thirumangalam fire station reached the showroom around 7 am and jumped into firefighting mode. Meanwhile, two more fire tenders from Kallikudi and T Kallupatti were called in for assistance. The personnel could put off the fire completely only after two hours of fighting, police said.However, they could not save the bundles of clothes in the showroom. \"The clothes in the showroom were completely burnt. Fortunately, no lives were lost in the incident since it was early morning and there were no employees,\" said a police officer.Three fire and rescue personnel sustained minor injuries while fighting the fire. They sustained injuries during their attempt to enter the showroom by breaking the glasses. They were admitted at Thirumangalam headquarters hospital for treatment, said the police.Police are yet to receive a complaint. The cause of the fire could be ascertained only after a complaint and subsequent investigation, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17620992", "title": "Felicitation at CID function", "text": "RANCHI: The Crime Investigation Department (CID) of Jharkhand police felicitated 33 policemen at the 10th Jharkhand State Police Duty meet that started on Tuesday.Awards were given in various categories like police photography, crime investigation, law rules and court judgment examination and police observation, among others.The four-day programme of the Jharkhand police department at JAP 1 parade maidan in Doranda concluded on Friday. A total of 14 inspectors, 28 sub inspectors, 12 assistant sub inspectors and 49 police men had participated in the examinations, the press release further informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17621043", "title": "Five held for gambling", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Kalupur police held five people for gambling in a building under construction at Kadia ni pol early on Friday morning. Rumours spread about rounding up of political party workers after some banners were found at the building. Police however denied any such action. According to a Kalupur police team led by inspector NV Gamit was on patrol due to approaching state assembly elections on Friday when he got a tip-off.\"We raided a building at Kadia ni pol and found Aslam Mansuri, Popat Thakor, Mohammed Yasin Tokanwala, Tushar Patel and Javed Ali Saiyad with several sets of playing cards, Rs 51,000 in cash and other valuables,\" said a police official. Former Latif aide Mehboob Baig Mogul alias Mehboob Senior has stake in the said building and s and thus it is known as MS building. Construction of the building was stayed due to legal issues three years back by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation and since then, it has been incomplete.ources claim a political party was having a makeshift office in its basement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621686", "title": "Trinamool 'damages' dais for CPM rally", "text": "KOLKATA: A dais set up for a CPM rally was allegedly damaged by Trinamool Congress supporters at Mishanbazar Kestopur in Baguiati police station area of North 24-Parganas on Friday. CPM leader Gautam Deb later held the meeting at the same venue under police protection.At 10am on Friday, a group of Trinamool supporters reportedly came to the venue of the meeting, threatened workers who were setting up the dais and allegedly damaged a portion of the stage. CPM leaders complained that the gang was led by the Trinamool councillor of Ward No. 34 of Rajarhat Gopalpur Municipality.Later a team from Baguiati police station came to the spot and brought the situation under control. A police picket was also posted to prevent further trouble. The rally was finally held in the presence of police.CPM leader Gautam Deb said that the Trinamool leadership was not involved in the attack. It was the handiwork of lower-level Trinamool supporters, he said.CPM North 24-Parganas district committee member Amitabha Nandi said the Trinamool damaged the dais deliberately to prevent the meeting from being held.\"They also threatened the workers who were setting up the dais and forced them to leave the spot. We suspect that the Trinamool will carry out further attacks,\" he said.Bikash Naskar, the local Trinamool councilor, defended his party. Naskar alleged that a local Trinamool worker Subir Mandal had earlier been killed by CPM supporters. The local residents, hence, did not want the CPM rally to be held in this area and tried to prevent the meeting from taking place. \"Our party supporters were involved in the matter,\" he said.A dais for the CPM's rally in North 24 Parganas in Mishanbazar Kestopur under Baguiati police station was allegedly dismantled by Trinamool Congress. CPM leader Gautam Deb held the meet in the same venue.On Friday around 10am, some Trinamool men came at the spot and allegedly threatened the men who were setting up the dais. A portion of the das was also allegedly damaged by them. The local CPM complained that some Trinamool men led by local Trinamool councillor of ward number 34 of Rajarhat Gopalpur municipality came and damaged the dais.CPM North 24 Parganas district committee member Amitabha Nandi, the Trinamool did this deliberately to prevent the meeting to occur and they damaged the dais. They also threatened the workers who were setting up the dais and forced them to leave the spot. We suspect that the Trinamool will further attack,\" he said.Later on a police team from Baguiati police station came to the spot and brought the situation under control. A police picket was also posted in the area to prevent further untoward incident. In the presence of the police the rally was finally held.CPM leader Gautam Deb later said Trinamool leadership did not do this, their lower level Trinamool supporters created the trouble.Bikash Naskar, the local Trinamool councillor said that a local Trinamool worker Subir Mandal was earlier killed by the CPM supporters. The local residents thereby did not want the CPM rally to be held here, so they tried to resist the CPM rally from being happening. \"None of our party supporters were involved in the matter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619273", "title": "Health benefits up to Rs 2L for citizens above 80 years", "text": "PUNE: Poor senior citizens over 80 years of age may get medical benefits up to Rs 2 lakh for their treatment in hospitals listed by the Pune Municipal Corporation.The women and child welfare committee of the civic body has approved a proposal to increase the amount from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 2 lakh. The proposal has been approved even though the civic administration did not approve of it.The civic body pays medical treatment bills up to Rs 1 lakh for very senior citizens who live below the poverty line ( BPL) with an annual income of less than Rs 1 lakh. It has listed hospitals for medical treatment.A Congress corporator in October had proposed that the amount be increased to Rs 2 lakh. \"Very senior citizens have more medical needs. The current assistance is insufficient,\" the proposal mooted by the corporator said. Minal Sarwade, chairperson of the committee, said the proposal has been approved.However, the civic administration foresees problems. \"There are practical problems in implementing the scheme. Availability of birth certificates of very senior citizens would be a problem. An increase in the amount will need more funds,\" the civic administration said.Sarwade said there would be no major financial burden on the civic body.\"The overall population of senior citizens is around 6% in the city. Among these very few would be above 80 years of age. The beneficiaries would number around 5,000 people,\" she said.The health benefit scheme was started on January 26, 2010. As many as 44 private hospitals in the city are designated to provide medical care to the poor under the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17620785", "title": "Millennium City swings to carols", "text": "CUTTACK: Festivity is in the air. The twinkling stars hanging low in the balconies of houses light up the streets of Cuttack preparing for Christmas.After the mad rush on Wednesday with couples making the most of 12.12.12, it is time to celebrate birth of Christ. The sweet smell of freshly baked cakes at homes floats through the air while kids are busy writing messages to hang on the decked-up Christmas trees.With vibrant red and white theme, the markets also are flooded with goodies, Christmas trees and decorative items. The crowd at these stalls is busy checking the list not to miss out on anything for the D-day.People of all religion celebrate the festival with fervour in the city. \"What draws me to the festival is carol singing. Every year, I celebrate Christmas with a Christian family living next door,\" said Sujata Das of Friends Colony.Sayed Karim, a Muslim businessman of Odia Bazar, said, \"My kids, Nazia and Rehaan, have started decorating the Christmas tree. I along with my wife Sabina follow the 21-day fasting and go around singing carols to spread cheer.\"Keeping up with the Yuletide spirit, around 150 members of Holy Rosary Cathedral gathered at Buxi Bazaar and sang carols recently. The carols in English, Hindi and Odia left the gathering mesmerized.Vicar Reverend John Barwa said, \"Every year hundreds of locals visit the church and take part in the rituals. Since Christmas is all about love and sharing, the festival is incomplete without the support of people from all religions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17620363", "title": "One killed as unidentified vehicle hits motorcycle brother sustains injury in accident", "text": "INDORE: A youth was killed while his brother was critically injured sustained serious injuries when an unidentified speeding vehicle rammed into their motor-bike in Betma area here on Thursday.The deceased identified as Gajraj Singh, 19, is the son of Amar Singh. He was the resident of Khadi village. His younger brother Lakhan Singh, 18, has been admitted to the hospital.Police said that Gajraj Singh and his brother were both brothers were returning home after work, their field when a speeding vehicle hit them and sped away. the accident took place. They came on main road when a vehicle running in break neck speed hit them and escaped from the scene.The locals present at the time of the incident informed the emergency service at 108, which rushed the two to the MY hospital. Later, Gajraj succumbed to his injuries while his brother is still recuperating in the hospital.The youths were lying on the road in the pool of blood when local people saw them. They only informed emergency 108 and also reported. The emergency service took the brothers to MY hospital. In the night at around 12.30, Gajraj succumbed to his injuries. His brother is still recuperating in the hospital.Betma police are still unaware of the incident.Betma, police in-charge Sanjay Chaturvedi said, that they directly reached to MY Hospital and did not inform police.\"We are awaiting the response from the MY Chowki and will begin the investigation thereafter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17620878", "title": "American envoy for law to protect rights of disabled", "text": "GUWAHATI: US consul general Dean R Thompson on Friday stressed the need of creating disabled-friendly states across the globe. Thompson and the US consul delegation, which visited Shishu Sarothi, a centre for rehabilitation and training for multiple disabilities here, said the state government, as well as social organizations, should press for a strong law that can protect the rights of differently abled persons.Thomson, while interacting with the students of Shishu Sarothi, said the facilities to train disabled children should be available in rural areas too.\"You don't need a high tech school to train such kids. You just need some basic infrastructure and zeal to work for them. There should be a policy to build such training schools everywhere, including the rural areas,\" said Thompson.The US consul general also asked the state authorities to use their resources in the best possible way to benefit the disabled and specially challenged children and others.\"Even in the US, the need of using all resources to deal with the issue exists. Therefore, this is the need of the hour. We are ready to help in the cause,\" added Thompson.Kirit Pradyot Deb Barman Manikya Bahadur, the scion of the Tripura royal family who was also present with the US consul delegation during the visit to Shishu Sharothi, added that he is going to press for the need of a disabled-friendly governance in Tripura.The delegation also celebrated a pre-Christmas party with the children at Sishu Sarothi. From education, rehabilitation to training and employment, Shishu Sarothi is working on the needs and concerns of persons with disabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17619657", "title": "ID must for Tatkal booking", "text": "MUMBAI: Western Railway (WR) has made it mandatory for those who book Tatkal tickets to produce an ID card with a self-attested photocopy at the passenger reservation system (PRS) centers only in the Mumbai division from Saturday.\"A person booking a ticket under the Tatkal scheme for other persons should produce his/her ID card and the ID card of the person for whom the ticket is to be booked,\" said WR's chief public relations officer Sharat Chandrayan.\"The person will also have to submit a self-attested photocopy of the ID card of the person for whom the ticket is to be booked,\" he added. However, the rule is not applicable at PRS centres in other parts of the country, including booking offices in Mumbai on Central Railway.WR has also planned to introduce biometric technology within three months at three PRS centres in the Mumbai division to prevent touts from cornering tickets. In future, a passenger visiting a PRS centre to book a reserved ticket will have to give a thumb impression on the biometric scanner.\"The system will be ensure that a person who has booked tickets once will not be allowed to book it again within a specified time limit on that particular day,\" said a WR official.The biometric scanners will be installed at Bandra Terminus, Churchgate and Mumbai Central. WR will also connect the biometric technology to the token system. \"Once a thumb impression is provided, a token number will be generated. The person will then approach the booking window only after the token number is announced or displayed on the monitor,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17620685", "title": "Justice Sen deplores boycott of court", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Friday said a bar association boycotting court if a decision or verdict is not to their liking cannot be appreciated.\"I have been ever mindful of the oath of office to which I have sworn adherence on my elevation as a high court judge. I have consciously endeavoured not to harbour any bias or ill will, and equally favouritism, to any person, be it a member of the bar or a litigant public.The larger part of my career has been spent as an advocate and therefore it is understandable that my sympathies remain with the bar. However, that does not justify any undue favouritism to the bar association when a judicial verdict is to be rendered. It has been my belief that if partiality is shown to any party, it will not remain only a first time; it shall inexorably be followed by meting out similar treatment to others. Therefore, it cannot be appreciated that a bar association should boycott any court if the decision or verdict is not to their likes and wishes. I shall say no more,\" he said in his reply to the farewell address by Karnataka State Bar Council chairman Muniyappa.His remarks come in the backdrop of a token boycott call (of the CJ's court) by the Advocates' Association of Bangalore six months ago.Thanking every member of his staff, Justice Sen said his tenure was \"extremely satisfying\". He's being elevated a judge of the Supreme Court.Stating that good work is the highest form of worship, the said: \"I must acknowledge the support of my wife Malti Sen and my three daughters. My family has given me the confidence to take the right decisions without being troubled by who may be upset by them; and equally the strength and fortitude to forbear from taking the wrong ones, in my judicial as well as private life.''Have separate HC bar association\"It was indeed heartening to note the large number advocates appeared in my court on June 12. Incidents such as these galvanize judges to give their very best. I think that the high court must have its own bar association. Likewise, each unit, city civil courts, magistrate courts and Mayo Hall courts should have their own bar associations, whose membership should be extended only to practising lawyers. This will liberate these associations from political pressures and enable them to work purely as professional bodies,\" he said.Muniyappa said Justice Sen's concern for environmental issues were reflected in his judgments. Senior judge Justice K Sridhara Rao said Justice Sen conducted himself with dignity and handled challenges deftly and soberly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17621796", "title": "Baroda eye Ranji QF berth", "text": "VADODARA: It is a do-or-die encounter for the visiting Tamil Nadu team that will take on Baroda in the Ranji Trophy match at Motibaug Ground beginning Saturday.Baroda are placed comfortably \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on the second position in Group B with 20 points \u00e2\u20ac\u201d while Tamil Nadu are languishing at the bottom of the group with just 10 points from five matches. Tamil Nadu have managed to win only one match this season, while Baroda have registered two wins so far, one of that came with a bonus point. All the hosts need to do is to ensure a draw with first-innings lead to virtually book a berth in the quarter-finals.TN players on other hand have a tough task on their hand. The visitors will have to win the match outright and try to go for a bonus point to stay afloat this Ranji season. They, however, have suffered a setback even before setting feet in the city by losing their skipper and a crucial player L Balaji to injury.Balaji suffered stress injury on his right big toe and has been ruled out for the Ranji match as well as the upcoming T20 series between India and the visiting England team.TN still have a formidable side with Test players like Dinesh Karthik, Abhinav Mukund and S Badrinath in their ranks. Though the hosts have a relatively inexperienced and young team, they would be riding high on their recent victory against Odisha. Ambati Rayudu, who has been selected for the T20 series against England, will again be captaining Baroda in absence of Yusuf Pathan.Both Irfan Pathan and Yusuf have been out of action for last few games due to injury. But, Baroda's young guns have proved their mettle by winning matches on their own. Baroda batsman Aditya Waghmode and all-rounder Abhimanyu Chauhan have been in cracking form, and so is Rayudu, who has already scored a century and four half centuries this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17623515", "title": "Housing Board gets EPC World award", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh Housing Board is set to receive the EPC World Awards 2012 for its outstanding contribution in affordable housing project. The award ceremony will be held at New Delhi on December 15.Chief minister Raman Singh congratulated the state housing board and said that the housing sector has achieved new heights in the state.\"Atal Vihar Yojana has been started to construct one lakh houses in all the districts of the state. 85% of these houses were meant for economically weaker sections and lower income groups. The board has succeeded in realizing every individual's dream of having a home by providing houses at affordable rates. The housing board has constructed 52,770 houses with basic facilities at the cost of Rs 3,000 crore in the last 8 years under various housing schemes such as Atal awas Yojana, Deendayal Awas Yojana, Kushabhau Thakre Awas Yojana and general housing scheme,\" said Subhash Rao,Chairman Chhattisgarh Housing Board. He said one lakh houses with eco-friendly features would be constructed under Atal Vihar Yojana during the next three years at estimated cost of Rs 11000 crore.Earlier, Chhattisgarh Housing Board was also awarded HUDCO best practice national award 2011-12 for its initiative to provide homes to poor, the low and middle income groups at an affordable price through various housing projects.EPC World, a monthly publication on infrastructure and construction has been awarding companies and individuals for exceptional contribution in infrastructure and construction sector for the last two years. The jury along with knowledge partner Ernst and Young have selected the housing board for the award in the third edition of EPC World Awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17620953", "title": "Reservation issue: Report divides khaps on resuming agitation", "text": "ROHTAK: Jat khap panchayats have parted ways on the issue of resuming agitation for job quota following Haryana government's acceptance of a report submitted by the State Backward Classes Commission, which has recommended 10% reservation for five castes in government jobs.While the Sarv Khap Jat Mahapanchayat (SKJM), comprising khaps based in Jind and Hisar region, has decided to go ahead with the scheduled stir, many in Rohtak, Jhajjar and Sonipat districts bordering Delhi have welcomed the government move.The leaders of SKJM met in Danoda Kalan village of Jind on Friday to review the situation and formed a 21-member committee to hold talks with the state government. It also announced to resume the agitation from December 16 and rejected the government's proposal for 10% quota.Khap panchayats and various jat organizations had earlier decided to march to Delhi on December 16 and also threatened to block all entry routes to the national capital. Sube Singh, spokesperson of the mahapanchayat, said, \"We have been agitating for inclusion in the Other Backward Category (OBC) for which there is 27% reservation in government jobs and educational institutions. But the commission's report has asked for creating a special category of five castes. There is a big gap in our demand and what the government is offering, so we have rejected it.\"On the other hand, khap panchayats including Hooda khap, Malik hhap, Dahiya khap, Kadian khap, Meham khap, Dalal khap as well as the All India Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti headed by Hawa Singh Sangwan met in Rohtak on Friday and accepted the government's proposal for 10% quota for five castes. The leaders even passed a resolution thanking chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda for accepting the proposal.Most jat and khap leaders watching the developments feel that with the khap panchayats of Rohtak, Sonipat and Jhajjar backing out, the mahapanchayat will find it difficult to keep up the momentum of the movement. Hooda, Malik, Dalal, Dahiya and Kadian khaps are very dominant. \"The absence of these khaps will definitely weaken the agitation,\" said a jat leader from Rohtak.Some khaps have also decided not to let the agitation spread in their areas. \"Any agitation needs local support base to run and sustain it. We will not let any khap block roads and rail in this region. I hope the police will take care of the law and order,\" said Pratap Singh Dahiya, a khap leader from Sonipat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17620436", "title": "No threat to govt: Shettar", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar ruled out any threat to his government following the formation the KJP by former CM BS Yeddyurappa.Speaking to reporters here on Friday, Shettar said that no MLA from BJP is joining KJP. About the MLAs who attended Yeddyrappa's Haveri convention, the chief minister said appropriate action will be taken against them after discussing the issue with senior party leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620433", "title": "New flyover to link Tidel Park and Thiruvanmiyur", "text": "CHENNAI: The design for a grade separator at Thiruvanmiyur junction, one of the longest in the city, was finalized on Friday by a committee consisting of officials from several government bodies.Putting aside the earlier plan of aligning it the flyover along Lattice Bridge Road, the steering committee, headed by highways secretary Niranjan Mardi, decided that the flyover would run perpendicular to LB road, along Tiruvalluvar Salai and West Avenue Road. The grade separator, one of the longest in the city would will now start just after the bridge over Buckingham Canal near the Tidel Park junction on Tiruvalluvar Salai, cross the Thiruvanmiyur junction and land on East Coast Road (ECR) after taking a right turn.\"The cost of land acquisition would be higher on LB Road. Also, and the road only carries local traffic. Old Mahabalipuram Road (OMR) and ECR are used by people travelling out of the city. LB Road will get ground improvements,\" said a highways official.The earlier plan, to be executed by the Corporation of Chennai, was dropped for several reasons. The flyover on LB Road was to be 607m long, with a subway for 280m. Since the corporation had neither the expertise nor the financial resources, the highways department took over the project to connect two of its premier roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17618620", "title": "I-League: Mumbai FC face Sikkim challenge", "text": "PUNE: Mumbai FC face the difficult task of starting an unbeaten run from scratch when they go to battle with United Sikkim FC in a Round 9 game of the I-League at the Balewadi Stadium, in Pune, on Saturday.The Mumbai side was impressive in their run of five unbeaten games till city rivals Air India brought that to a halt with a rude 4-1 defeat of Khalid Jamil's men when the sides clashed last week.\"The scoreline doesn't reflect the chances we had and missed, but this is something we have to accept. United Sikkim is a new game and it's important that we end up winning,\" said Henry Picardo, manager of Mumbai FC, on match eve.United Sikkim come in to this tie with an interesting pattern of their own. The promoted side have now notched 4 consecutive draws and new coach Nathan Hall would love to start his Indian chapter with a win that will ease the pressure of USFC. Pune has been a ground where Sikkim have scored regularly and Jamil's defence will be wary of the fact.But more than worrying about his defence, Jamil would hope that his strikers come up with more clinical performances than the recent past.Mumbai FC have won and drawn games in dramatic fashion when they could have coasted had the striker buried simple chances. A win could push Mumbai FC to 5th place - a prospect that should inspire the team when they take on a 12th placed USFC under lights on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618836", "title": "BJP-Sena ignored scam for long", "text": "NAGPUR: The first week of winter session has seen very little legislative business. Apparently under pressure from low key MLAs, BJP and Shiv Sena leaders have allowed the question hour to proceed but after that it has been only commotion. BJP and Sena say they are raising Rs 70,000 crore irrigation scam since last five sessions but government has refused to order a probe. Hence, they have adopted an aggressive posture this time.However, insiders in both parties say the opposition is taking advantage of rift between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and his deputy Ajit Pawar on the one hand and Ajit and his uncle and NCP supremo Sharad Pawar on the other. This is not to deny the conducive atmosphere created by series of exposes on irrigation scams by the media and Ajit Pawar's dramatic resignation, the whitewash white paper and Ajit's re-entry into government.Opposition leaders were well aware of massive corruption in irrigation projects since years. Many times issue of corruption in a one or two projects was raised by leaders like Eknath Khadse, Subhash Desai, Pandurang Phundkar, Devendra Fadnavis and Vinod Tawde. However, the systematic loot initiated through irrigation projects was never talked about. Whenever, the opposition sought a discussion on irrigation it was mainly on backlog of Vidarbha, Marathwada , Konkan and Khandesh.That the opposition was not very keen on taking on Ajit Pawar was evident from the fact that even when government did not provide copies of Vadnere Committee report tabled in winter session of 2010 to legislators, there was no outcry. Pawar's role had been directly questioned in this report. Moreover, the detailed report was abridged to just 20-page one. Same was the case with Kulkarni, Upase and Mendhegiri committee reports.Farmer activist Kishor Tiwari pointed out that massive irregularities in irrigation corporations were bared in the CAG and PAC reports of 2008-09 and 2009-10 but the opposition did not demand any action taken reports (ATR) on these. Senior BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis, however, defended themselves, \"we have much more ammunition in our hands this time. The letter of chief engineer Vijay Pandhre is clear evidence of corruption. That there is something wrong is evident from the fact that the CM agreed to publish a white paper.\"\"However, when there was no mention of the four enquiry committee reports in the white paper, we decided enough was enough. We first published a black paper to point out what the white paper conveniently did not include and then assumed this aggressive posture,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619471", "title": "A wrestler's tryst with Indian classical music", "text": "PUNE: The wrestling world's loss was the music arena's gain. His father - an avid wrestler, wanted him to follow in his footsteps, but Hari Prasad Chaurasia's heart was lost to the world of music. And his father's repeated trials of getting his son into the 'akhada' did teach this internationally acclaimed flautist one important facet that would help him in his art - breath control and stamina.Chaurasia stepped on the stage on the fourth day of the 60th Sawai Gandharv Bhimsen Mahotsav amid huge applause from the 10,000 plus music lovers. The venue of the festival so choc-a-bloc that the organisers had to stop sale of tickets and close the entry points.Chaurasia matched the mood with raag Madhuwanti. He produced some very assertive notes keeping his lips steady on the flute despite his trembling hands. Chaurasia then offered another classy rendition in a composition set to Roopak taal and played raag Bhoop. It was unlikely that the audience would let go of him unless he played Pahadi dhun. Chaurasia instantly obliged but blended additional notes in his rendition of Pahadi. Tabla maestro Vijay Ghate responded to Chaurasia's prowess with outstanding timing leading to a pleasant amalgam of musical notes and rhythm.Pune's own flautist Sunil Awchat offered accompaniment complimenting Chaurasia's presentation, occasionally bordering on an independent performance.Anand Bhate in whom late Bhimsen Joshi reposed full confidence as someone who would carry the Kirana Gharana mantle forward, opened his act with raag Pooriya Kalyan offering vilambit composition 'Aaj so bun' and later 'bahut din beetey' - a masterpiece made famous by Bhimsen Joshi.Bhate mustered great flexibility while bringing forth all aspects of Pooriya Kalyan with his exemplary 'firat' reminiscent of Pt Joshi's specialty. Since his childhood, Bhate is known to reproduce vocal music legend Bal Gndharv's style, hence it was inevitable that he sang a naatya sangeet number - 'Vud jaaoo kunaalaa sharan', followed with abhang 'Maajhe maaher Pandhari' on public demand. Bhate was able supported by Suyog Kundalkar on harmonium and Bharat Kamat on tabla.Earlier in the day Pallavi Pote sang raag Multani with the proverbial 'Gokul gaaon kaa chhora' in vilambit khayal and Gunidas' composition \"More mani re' in drut form. She was accompanied by Milind Pote on tabla and Sudhir Nayak on harmonium. Pote went on to sing a composition in raag Des and concluded with the naatya sangeet number \"Basant ki bahar aayi'Gwalior Gharana exponent Malini Rajurkar began with raag Bihag and was well on her way with Arvind Thatte on harmonium and Bharat Kamat on tabla at the time of going to press.The artistes to perform in the Saturday's session include Samrat Pandit, Aarti Ankalikar, Shriniwas Joshi - all vocal, Swapan Choudhary - tabla and Amjad Ali Khan - sarod.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17620781", "title": "Balangir bandh against slow progress of Suktel project", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Schools, colleges, private and government offices in Balangir remained closed on Friday with activists of lower Suktel action committee calling a 48-hour bandh protesting against the slow progress of work on Suktel irrigation project.The activists, who have been demanding expedition of the irrigation project work, have decided to remain on fast till the work starts. Sources said about five persons have already been hospitalized in this connection. \"Except transportation and business establishments, we closed all other offices and educational institutions. We will continue to agitate till work begins at the project site,\" said Gopaljee Panigrahi, convener of the action committee.He said that if the project work does not start before March 31, the deadline set by the central government to start the work, then fresh approval would be required from the Centre.Sources said the state government had given September 27 deadline to start the lower Suktel work following prolonged agitation staged by pro-lower Suktel activists. Project officials had gone to the site with the requisite machinery and three platoons of police force to commence the work before the deadline but anti-project activists allegedly dissuaded them from beginning the work.Balangir, which has only 3% irrigated lands, would be greatly benefitted if the Suktel project is completed soon. However, the project, covering an area of 5216 hectres, will submerge 16 villages fully and 10 partially. It will render around 14380 people of 4160 families homeless. Meanwhile, the project cost has escalated to nearly 11 hundred crores. The spill construction for the irrigation project will cost around 140.74 crore.Balangir collector Debaraj Mishra said that the administration is ready to go ahead with the project. \"There are some bottlenecks, which will be sorted out soon. We are very keen to begin the construction,\" said the collector.Stir threat by Koraput villagers for developmentKORAPUT: Villagers of four panchayats have threatened mass agitation protesting against Nalco's alleged lackadaisical attitude towards peripheral development. \"The PSU claims that it has spent Rs 55 crore on development of its peripheral areas but it is a blatant lie. About 150 villages of four blocks have been directly affected by the company and villages are still without road, electricity, drinking water and medical facilities and schools,\" alleged convenor of Nalco Neglected Periphery People Association (NNPPA) Sadhu Chatria at Putraghati.The association had also submitted a memorandum to the district administration, last week. The memorandum sought establishment of technical schools, reservation of seats for children of peripheral areas at educational institutions maintained by Nalco and permanent jobs to the displaced families at Nalco. \"We had placed our demands before the company but to no avail. We are determined to take our fight to the end this time around,\" he said.The association also alleged that extension of mining lease to Nalco violated the Panchayat Extension to Scheduled Areas (PESA) Act. The lease had expired on November 16. \"The mining lease was extended without Palli Sabha being conducted,\" said secretary of the association Suresh Saunta.The forest advisory committee of the ministry of environment and forests recently gave temporary permission to Nalco to restart operations at its bauxite mine situated in Panchpatmali hills at Damanjodi. \"The demands of the villagers are being looked into and necessary action will be taken in consultation with the company officers,\" said ADM (Koraput) Pabitra Mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17620512", "title": "Chief justic for criminal justice reforms", "text": "HYDERABAD: AP high court chief justice Pinaki Chandra Ghose on Friday lamented that our system is principally punishing the criminals among the lower class and that the white collar criminals are seldom punished. He was speaking at the 3-day southern region judicial conference which startes in here on Friday.Justice Ghose stressed the need for reforms and complete overhauling of India's traditional criminal justice system to offer greater justice to all. India has inherited and borrowed from colonial powers the current systems of criminal law and procedures, as well as rules of evidence. The rising crime rate and high rate of recidivism clearly indicate that the system is not an effective deterrent, he said. Justice Ghose said that in actual practice, the problem of crime like cases of murder, rape, theft, assault etc. is much more serious than the official figures show as several serious crimes are not reported due to variety of reasons which included intimidation and harassment of victims. Besides, in criminal cases, the prosecuting officer has power to discontinue the prosecution on the ground that the state has insufficient evidence to win the case, and has greater power over the freedom and liberty of individuals who come into his contact than any other agency. Justice N V Ramana, president of AP judicial academy, said that there is a demand from the society for 'quality justice'i.e. timely justice with minimum expenditure. A strategic planning has to be developed in this perspective so that the confidence of the public in criminal justice system will be multiplied.On this occasion, law minister E Pratap Reddy announced that a gold medal after his father's name late Erasu Ayyapu Reddy, former law minister, would be given every year to the candidates of judicial academy who are meritorious in criminal law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621160", "title": "Panjab University students\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 refusal to join firms leaves officials hassled", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The large number of dropouts in the science departments at Panjab University have landed training and placement officers (TPO) in a fix. Dropouts are those students who receive a placement letter but fail to join the company.Barely 1% of students who got a job offer in the chemical industry this year, joined the firms that recruited them through campus drive. While this is the trend at the Department of Chemistry, PU, where 80 to 90% of students interested in placement manage to get job letters, students in other departments are following suit, TPOs said. \"The high drop out ratio has led to problems for the training and placement in-charge in departments. Most students want to appear for the UGC CSIR exam for even better prospects,\" S K Mehta, chairperson, department of Chemistry and training and placement in-charge said.While students of professional departments on the campus and other universities in the region vie for a job letter, these students are opting out of the placement drive within departments.\"This creates problems for the faculty in-charge and the placement committee who work hard to get companies. The model followed by the central placement cell last year in which only genuinely interested candidates were permitted to appear for placements, should be followed across all departments,\" a faculty member said.PU's Central Placement Cell (CPC), that has been hosting Avsar, the annual placement drive over the last few years, is in the process of inviting companies. Departments at their individual level are also expected to conduct placement drive till December each year, CPC officials said.\"We are preparing for Avsar-2013 in two phases. One for professional departments in February, 2013 and the other in April next year for languages, sciences and other streams,\" S K Chadha, director, CPC, PU said.There are other departments, where students are keenly interested in teaching despite having job offers. \"Even as the entire batch is placed the inclination is towards clearing the UGC NET exam,\" Anu Gupta, TPO, department of computer science said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619329", "title": "Hearing in cases filed by CBI comes to a standstill", "text": "PUNE: Hearing in corruption cases, filed by the Central Bureau of Investigation, has come to a standstill at the special court here, following retirement of special judge D R Mahajan on December 5.Principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar has appointed additional sessions judge S P Tavade as judge of the special court for hearing urgent matters like police custody remand, bail pleas, etc. Tavade will handle the cases till a new judge is finalised by the Bombay High Court. An official at the district and sessions court here said the administration had proposed four names for the post before Mahajan's retirement.The special court has 38 corruption and disproportionate assets cases pending for trial. The government constituted six courts for trying CBI cases, including three in Mumbai and one each in Pune, Nagpur and Amravati, on March 30, 2011. The CBI has 62 cases pending in the district, western Maharashtra and Marathwada.Apart from corruption and disproportionate assets cases, the CBI has filed chargesheets against suspects involved in seven cheating and other cases. Trials in these cases are pending before the magistrate courts.The four chargesheets filed by the CBI in the fake stamp paper scam case in Pune, Thane, Mulund and Nashik are also pending before the special court here. The chargesheets have been filed under the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act. The CBI is also conducting investigating in the sensational murder of RTI activist Satish Shetty of Talegaon Dabhade.Mukund Sarda, dean of law faculty, Bharati Vidyapeeth, told TOI that the right to speedy trial was a fundamental right assured by the Supreme Court. \"However, due to lack of functioning of the special court, there is not only early denial of speed justice, but justice itself,\" he said.According to Sarda, non-functioning of special court violates democracy and rule of law. Immediate steps must be taken to restore justice by proper functioning of the court, he added.Lawyer Pratap Pardeshi, who is representing accused in corruption and disproportinate cases, told TOI that CBI cases from 2003 were pending before the special court and the HC should expedite appointment of the new judge keeping in mind the SC rulings on the right to speedy trial.Pune Bar Association vice-president Shivraj Kadam said if the process of appointing a new judge is time consuming, then under these circumstances, the HC should vest the power of a special court to the principal district and sessions judge, head of the judiciary in Pune district, so that there is no delay in conducting trials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619333", "title": "It's not a burning concern for North corporation", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rampant commercialization, unauthorized construction and lack of planning by government agencies have made Delhi's biggest electronics market a tinderbox. The North Delhi Municipal Corporation has failed to crack down on illegal activities in the market. As per the corporation, commercial activity is not allowed in Bhagirath Palace as it is a non-conforming area, but the market is protected under the Delhi Law (Special Provisions) Bill, 2011. The corporation has no plan for its redevelopment.On Friday, while four fire engines were parked on the main Chandni Chowk road, just two could enter the congested market where firefighters struggled to control the blaze that has spread to the neighbouring building. The web of overhead live cables made their task difficult. Traders say lack of civic infrastructure has made it difficult to operate from this area. \"But we can't leave it, as it is a commercial hub. If we move to another area, we will not be able to do well. The civic agency should improve the basic facilities. These cables are dangerous. Telecom companies prefer to put a new line instead of repairing an old one as it is difficult to find the cable,'' said Devendra, who has a small shop in one of the lanes.As per the Masterplan of Delhi 2021, godowns are not allowed in the Walled City. But here, most traders have shops on the ground floor and godowns on the rest of the floors. \"When I opened a shop here, there were just two-storey structures and it was mainly a residential area. But over the years, it has become totally commercial. Only 10-15 families continue to live here. Traders have constructed multi-storey buildings. In some buildings, the main access is less than four feet wide,'' said Himanshu Rohatgi, a trader.Delhi Electrical Traders Association has 1,600 registered members and the value of stored goods in the Bhagirath Palace market is estimated at Rs 100 crore. \"They can't have godowns here,'' said a corporation official. But the corporation has not taken any action against godown owners. \"We don't stock many goods. Our godowns are very small and there is no rule which says that we can't have godowns here. Also, this is a commercial area,'' said Bal Kishan Jindal, president of the Association.But some traders say there is an urgent need to redevelop the area or shift the market to a better place. \"This place is in a mess. Thankfully, there was no casualty in yesterday's incident. But a big accident is waiting to happen here,'' said Ramesh Suneja, who has a shop in Bhagirath Palace.The North corporation has not issued a single trade licence in this market. Senior officials say it is a non-conforming area where commercial activity is not allowed on the first floor and above. While traders say that they don't need trade licences as they just have offices, the corporation has a different explanation. \"We have not issued them trade licences as they don't pay conversion and parking charges. Also, they have never applied for trader licences. At present, there is no plan for the redevelopment of this market,'' said Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the House in North Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17620983", "title": "No check on overcrowded vehicles", "text": "BOKARO: Overcrowded trekkers and auto-rickshaws with passengers precariously hanging on to the rods trying to get a foothold is a common site in Bokaro. An accident looks imminent during peak hours. Yet authorities remain unperturbed even after a recent death of a teenager.While the administration is taking all steps to curb the number of overloaded trucks on the roads - the police recently launched a drive against trucks and trailers illegally carrying load beyond capacity - it is giving little attention to the problem of overcrowded public vehicles in the city.\"Hundreds of overcrowded public vehicles ply on city roads with no traffic guard to penalize them,\" said Vijay Chandra, a commuter. Travelling in auto-rickshaws and trekkers, the two kinds of public transport available in the city, is not less than risking one's life.A four-seater autorickshaw carrying eight or more passengers and a 12-seater trekker with at least 16 passengers manage to get away without being fined. Even if passengers express displeasure, drivers pay no heed to it. During peak hours, passengers are seen sitting on rooftops.Manoj Singh, a resident of Sector-II, said, \"It is both funny and shocking to see how an auto driver himself doesn't have space to sit (and) half of his body sticks out of the vehicle.\"Vijay Krishna Madhukar recently feel prey to the traffic mismanagement. The Class XI student of DAV Public School was run over by a truck after he fell from an overcrowded trekker.The speeding truck hit the boy, a resident of Dumka, when he was hanging out of the trekker. The accident took place on November 21 near the railway overbridge in Siwandih. There is little change in the situation even after the mishap.Women passengers suffer the most in overcrowded public transport. \"It is difficult to squeeze in to an auto or trekker crowded with male passengers. It is uncomfortable The unwanted gestures of male passengers sitting behind them in overcrowded vehicles trouble us most. But traffic police never object to overcrowded vehicles,\" said Priya, a commuter.Manpower crunch in the city traffic guard add to the woes. There are only 21 personnel to manage the huge traffic rush and no attempt has been made to meet the crisis.The transport officials are conducting checks on the roads to stop overloading of coals and other materials on trucks believing that it causes huge revenue loss to the state exchequer to the tune of Rs 5 crore annually. But at the same time the death of a student falling from an overcrowded trekker did not gain any attention of the authorities.However, Vijay Kumar Gupta, district transport official (DTO)-Bokaro, said they have already started regular checks to ensure road safety. \"We will soon launch a drive to curb overloading on all vehicles be it auto-rickshaw, trekker or truck,\" he said.Gupta had recently issued a directive to cement, steel, coal and power companies in the district asking them to stop overloading trucks. No such warning has been issued yet to drivers of public vehicles, who are risking thousands of lives everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17619664", "title": "Trailers worth Rs 10cr stolen", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A total of 22 transporters have complained to the Navi Mumbai police commissionerate that 96 trailers, worth over Rs 10 crore, have allegedly been stolen by some of their business contacts. One of the victims, Hitendra Kathe, who owned 15 trailers in Uran, said that one of the accused, Mangesh Chougule, had rented out the vehicles from Kathe earlier this year. Chougule made payments on the rentals till September this year but went missing soon after. Cops have recovered only 18 outer bodies of the missing trailers in and around Uran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620126", "title": "Minister in a spot over safari hunt photographs", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's minister of state for education Fauzia Khan is in a tight corner as photos from a holiday trip she made to South Africa earlier this year are being circulated in India. In them, the minister is seen holding a hunting rifle and posing with dead wild animals like zebra, springbuck, impala and wildebeest.Animal lovers have reacted sharply to these snaps and demanded Khan's resignation. When TOI spoke to Khan in Nagpur, she said, \"I had gone for a very private holiday trip to South Africa with my family this summer. In that country, the culling of certain wild animals is allowed by their forest department, depending on the carrying capacity of the jungle. So, I have only posed for a few photos with culled wild animals. We did not break any law.\"Asked why she was smiling during the poses, especially since in India it is considered cruel and illegal to kill wild animals, she said, \"I was on a private holiday trip; so, there is nothing wrong in smiling. Also, I personally did not cull or hunt the animals in South Africa; it was done by a professional person present there.\"About reactions to her safari snaps, she said, \"It was wrong to put these very private holiday pictures of mine on any website. Again, I did not break any law. When you go as a tourist to, say, Kashmir or Rajasthan, you do pose for pictures in their traditional costumes. That is why that gun is also seen in the pictures.\"Meanwhile, media personality and animal rights activist Pritish Nandy said, \"It is not a question of legality, but of morality. There is no justification whatsoever for a state minister to pose with a gun in front of freshly killed wild animals. This is shameful. She must step down as minister of state for education.\"Mumbai-based RTI activist Anil Galgali from the NGO Athak Seva Sangh said, \"Fauzia Khan must resign today itself; otherwise, the Maharashtra chief minister must sack her.\" NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik said, \"In some resorts of Africa, shooting is legal. The law of the land must prevail. If Fauzia Khan is saying she was not part of a shoot, we must trust her.\" But the BJP's Devendra Fadnavis said, \"This must be looked into... In our country, hunting is not permitted. If found guilty, she must apologize.\"Interestingly, the official website of Umlilo Safaris, which conducts tours, has removed the photographs featuring Khan and the animals. (Inputs by Sharad Vyas)(Maharashtra education minister Fauzia Khan posing with hunted animals in South Africa earlier this year. )", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618894", "title": "Blind faith for love of cricket", "text": "NAGPUR: The way England team is playing right now, Fred Raffle must have hoped for vision in his eyes to see his team dominating India in their own backyard.However, he has no issues. The Englishman was born a blind but has 'watched' every cricket match played by England since 1995. He has so far been on 25 overseas tours with his national team.One cannot believe this until one meets this 73-year-old enjoying the match like a teenager. Although, he cannot see, he feels the match from thestands by listening to the radio commentary. When that is not available he has the action described to him by friend Andrew Tripple, who sits next to him.For the last two days at the VCA Jamtha Stadium, Raffle has been following the proceedings. He's become a cynosure of all eyes as fellow spectators came to know of his blindness.The lucky mascot of England team earlier used to sit in the Sky TV commentary box and listen to the views of the former cricketers. Due to some financial problems with BCCI , Sky TV did not come to India and Raffle had to take Andrew's help with 'commentary'.\"It is a different tour for me. Although I miss the company of great cricketers in the commentary box, I cannot complain. Sitting in the gallery with Englishsupporters is also a wonderful opportunity. I am really enjoying it,\" Raffle told TOI even as he jumped in his seat as James Anderson clean bowled Virender Sehwag for duck early in Indian innings.Born in Sunderland, UK, Raffle was a psychology lecturer. He retired in 1994 after 32 years of teaching. He then followed his passion and becomes an unofficial part of the England squad. Life must have given him lot of pain but cricket always offered him balm. Overcoming the disability, Raffle played cricket as a youngster and even represented England in blind cricket tournaments.\"I love cricket. I am a Glamorgan county man. When I was young, I used to play and follow Glamorgan matches. After I retired from my teaching job, I decided to continue my passion by traveling with English fans. I have witnessed matches at 58 Test centres all over the world including Jamtha. This is my second visit to Nagpur after 2006,\" said Raffle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17621053", "title": "Mohali to get 2 more sectors", "text": "MOHALI: The district will soon have two more sectors, one for group housing societies and another for regular plots. The Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA) has decided to develop Sectors 88 and 89 on Landran road. Project feasibility has been ascertained and work is expected to begin shortly.Although authorities are yet to decide which sector will be earmarked for group housing societies, services like sewerage and water supply will be enough for a relatively larger population living in flats.The land identified for these sectors is located on the outskirts of Mohali. Private colonizers are also developing four sectors adjacent to these two. Sectors being developed by private colonizers, include 82, 83, 84, 85 and 86.Confirming the details, GMADA chief administrator A K Sinha told TOI, \"Construction of around 100 group housing societies is on the cards in either Sector 88 or Sector 89. Modern models and techniques will be used for the development of these two sectors. Tender proceedings for construction work will be initiated shortly.\"Another GMADA official said, \"All civic amenities, including public parks, markets, shopping complex, parking spaces etc will be provided in both the sectors.\" According to GMADA sources, land for these sectors was earmarked a long time ago and the master plan of Mohali was recently extended to 127 sectors.Relevant information about the two sectors will be uploaded on the official GMADA website. Following the success of Chandigarh's sector design, Mohali was similarly planned into identical 800-by-1200m sectors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17621462", "title": "Another poultry farm collapses, 3 arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police have arrested a 24-year-old woman and two of her associates for orchestrating an Rs 75 crore scam by setting up a poultry farm devoted exclusively to raising country fowls. Her husband and three other associates are absconding but police have intensified the search for them.The arrested have been identified as Karthika Manikanan, managing partner of Healthy Poultry farms India Limited. It was operated from a rented premises in Nambiyur in Erode district, by firm managers Satheesh Kumar and Prabhu. While Karthika was arrested from her residence in Gobichettipalayam, the other two were nabbed from Kolappayur bus stand when they were about to board a bus to escape.According to 57-year-old N Palanisamy of Gobichettipalayam, who filed the FIR against the firm, the company collected a huge advance from him, where each unit cost Rs 1 lakh. For each unit purchased, the investor got 400 country fowl chicks and a monthly payment of Rs 8500. As per the preliminary investigation, the company may have canvassed at least Rs 75 crore from investors across the state through newspaper advertisements. A large number of people from Erode, Tirupur and Coimbatore were cheated and each investor paid advance deposits ranging between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 15 lakh. The company stopped functioning three months ago and Karthika and her husband Manikandan, who was also one of the firm managers, went underground. Manikandan is still absconding while Karthika was arrested from her home when she resurfaced.The arrested three were produced at a Gobichettipalayam court and remanded in judicial custody on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17621062", "title": "Killed youth's kin urge IG for justice", "text": "AMRITSAR: Irked over police inaction leading to delay in the arrest of accused, including an Akali sarpanch, in the killing of 20-year-old Gurpreet Singh, the victim's relatives and villagers met Inspector General (IG), border range, R P Mittal on Friday. They said they were forced to meet the IG since cops had failed to act promptly in the case and that they wanted justice.Deputy Superintendent of Police, Ajnala, Tilak Raj said the sarpanch of Nangal Wanja Wala village was still absconding. Police have arrested only two out of 11 persons allegedly involved in the brutal killing of Gurpreet. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621144", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcStatistics helping with research, tech\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Processing interesting data like how many calories you burnt today to calculating the fat you accumulated since birth or the absorption of pollutants in your body \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the mysterious world of statistics virtually came alive at Panjab University's department of statistics on Friday.Noted statistician Hira Lal Koul, professor and head of statistics department, Michigan State University, US, was at the varsity to interact with students and faculty on utility of statistics in modern times. Along with other statisticians, he has come to the city to address a conference, \"Interdisciplinary study of mathematics, computing and statistics\".\"Be it application of statistics in nutritional science like finding calories consumption from the diet you consumed yesterday or revolution in genetic science and DNA, the potential application of statistics are immense in almost every discipline,\" said Koul, who visited the varsity last in 1975. He stated how statistics was helping worldwide to deal with areas of research and modern technology where heavy data processing was needed. Commenting on the decline in the enthusiasm for research in the Indian universities, he said, \"What used to be the trend in 60's and 70's in the universities is not seen now. Procedural delays, lopsided and unfriendly policies for researchers have hampered research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17619119", "title": "Alert city cops avert 'kidnapping' plan", "text": "NAGPUR: With the arrest of gang of five youths, all having criminal records against them, Ambazari police station's patrolling squad seems to have averted some serious crime on Thursday night.Though not disclosed officially, police sources informed that the gang was planning a kidnapping of a child near Jagat Tower at Law College square on Amraavati road. During the rounds, patrolling police found the youths discussing at the parking of Jagat Tower. On further checking, cops found sharp weapons and nylon rope along with them. Police have also seized their three bikes.Among the five, Chetan Hazare, who is suspected to be the mastermind behind the 'kidnapping' plan, is a notorious criminal. Police said that Hazare was also externed from the city limits and has many cases pending against him.Others, Abhishek Yadav (20), a resident of Gokulpeth and Shaikh Abrahim (21) of Lakadganj have robbery cases registered against them at Imambada police station while Suraj Dagore (19) resident of Valmiki Nagar and Rahul Tamaskar (22), a resident of Ajni has petty crime records at RP Nagar and Ambazari police station.According to the police sources, Hazare and his gang influence the young boys to get into the criminal activities.\"Hazare with other youths had once called Santosh Ambekar, a notorious criminal, as chief guest in a college cultural program,\" informed sources.\"They haven't revealed their plan yet but it seems that they were either planning to kill or kidnap someone or commit a dacoity,\" said PSI D R Ghode, the investigating officer.Recently, MIDC, Rana Pratap Nagar and Ambazari police have arrested many youngsters and have foiled dacoity attempts. Sources informed majority of the arrested youths are related to Hazare.All five members of the gang when produced in court on Friday, were granted police custody till Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620320", "title": "Confusion over landing rights delays Rehman Malik\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s arrival", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik's arrival here on Friday was delayed because he had to face some landing problem when the Indian Air Force (IAF) did not agree to spare its Palam technical area for his arrival over some confusion regarding landing rights given to the military aircraft carrying him.Sources in the ministries of defence and home affairs said the confusion was caused by the ground handling agent of the Pakistan High Commission who was looking after Malik's programme.A senior ministry of defence (MoD) official said that several days ago the IAF had cleared the landing of Malik's aircraft in Palam Technical Area, reserved for VVIPs and under the air force control. However, the ground handling agent for the Pakistan High Commission sought to change this venue to the new T3 terminal of IGI Airport on Thursday night. \"Even that we cleared last night itself,\" one senior MoD official said.An official in another department dealing with Malik's visit said the confusion was created by the ground handling agency appointed by the local Pakistani mission. \"The agency had asked for and received permission to land at T3 and not at Palam Technical Area,\" he said. The confusion was created because the Pakistani side thought since it was a military aircraft it could automatically land at the technical area. The delay happened because the permission was granted for T3.However, sources in the home ministry said the delay was caused by the IAF holding up permission for the aircraft to land at technical area. \"There was no delay at the air headquarters, we granted necessary clearance at the earliest possible time,\" an IAF official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620394", "title": "'Conclude inquiry within 6 months'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court directed the special investigation team to conclude its probe in connection with alleged wrong doings of the officials of UP State Industrial Development Corporation Limited within six months. The order came from a division bench of acting Chief Justice Shiv Kirti Singh and Justice DK Arora on twin PILs. The court has also directed the petitioners to render their help in the probe.According to the petitioners, the corporation's duty is to allot plots for the purpose of development of industries in the state, but under the garb of such powers, plots were allotted to developers for construction of housing units. The rate charged from the developers was ridiculously low compared to rates at which the adjacent or neighbouring plots were allotted by the New Okhla Industrial Development Authority for housing purposes, said the petitioner.It was also said that hundreds of crores of rupees were embezzled by the concerned officials for such shaggy transactions, which requires investigation, asked the petitioner. The state government has already ordered a SIT probe.The court therefore recorded its satisfaction with the decision of the state government and added that it is necessary in public interest that the allegations be inquired into on the basis of relevant records. \"Such allegations should not be ignored only because a complainant subsequently makes himself scares for one reason or other,\" said the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17620620", "title": "We haven't seen notes, can't comment: Hospital", "text": "LONDON: King Edward VII Hospital, where Jacintha Saldanha worked, said it could not comment on the contents of the notes found in the nurse's room because it had not seen them, but insisted that she was not subject to any disciplinary procedure and that there had been no criticism of her.It is believed the suicide note has left her grieving family furious, with husband Ben Barboza understood to demanding an inquiry.A source close to Jacintha's family was quoted by as saying: \"One of the letters, which is the longest, deals with the hospital and is critical in its tone. Needless to say, Ben wants a full inquiry into what happened, and he wants to make sure the truth comes out. Within the letter, Jacintha calls into question some of the treatment she received at the hospital.\"Scotland Yard detectives are examining the notes, as well as interviewing Jacintha's friends, family and colleagues at the hospital. The family has been provided with transcripts of all three notes.Labour MP Keith Vaz , who is working on behalf of her relatives, said on Thursday night: \"The truth of this matter has to come out for the sake of her family.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621383", "title": "International symposium ends at GADVASU", "text": "LUDHIANA: The two-day international symposium on the theme \"One health: way forward to challenges in food safety and zoonoses in 21st century\" and national conference of Indian Association of Veterinary Public Health Specialists concluded at the Guru Angad Dev Veterinary Animal Sciences University (GADVASU) on Friday.Organizing secretary cum director of School of Public Health and Zoonoses Dr J P S Gill said the symposium was an effort to let different sectors find collaborative ways to address challenges at the interface of livestock and human health. More than 300 delegates from US, Canada, Nepal and India participated in the symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621528", "title": "IGI throttles up anti-fog measures", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Met predicting a blanket of fog over the city from December 20, the airport authorities are readying themselves for the possible delays and diversions . The operator of IGI airport, Delhi International Airport Limited (DIAL), said on Friday that they made arrangements, such as providing real-time information to passengers on flight timings, installing more help desks and redistribution of time slots among the domestic airlines, to deal with any crisis.\"The peak hours for departure of domestic flights \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from 5am to 9am \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which also witness maximum fog, will be divided into 13 slots. The airlines will be allotted the slots depending on the number of flights they are operating; they will be free to prioritize the take-offs . Passengers will be able to know in advance about their flight status, so that there is less confusion,\" said a senior official.He said the airlines have been advised to distribute coupons to the passengers in case there is a delay. I Prabhakar Rao, chief executive officer of DIAL said passengers would be provided accurate information about flights through Flight Information Display System (FIDS) at the airport terminal .\"The number of help desks has been increased as well as the food and beverage (F&B;) counters,\" said DIAL's chief operation officer Marcel Hungerbuehler. He added, \"The seating arrangement of Terminal 1 and Terminal 3 combined can cater to 16,900 passengers and has about 6,100 trolleys for their use. There are 24 F&B; counters at T1, 27 at domestic side of T3 and 29 on the international side of T3 for the convenience of passengers .\"According to R K Jenamani , Airport Met in charge, the capital is likely to see formation of shallow fog over the weekend. \"The conditions are favourable for fog formation; the only thing against it is the wind. Let us see how long this lasts. Current data points towards a shallow fog cover this weekend , which may become dense gradually,\" he said. Jenamani said fog has started to build up in the eastern states as well as southern parts of Rajasthan . IGI airport has 10 machines to gather data related to the runway visual range, the highest for any airport in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619890", "title": "Jailed Zee executive files libel suit against BEA for suspension", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jailed Zee executive Sudhir Chaudhary has filed a defamation case against the Broadcast Editors Association (BEA) seeking an unconditional apology and declaring his suspension from the industry body as invalid.BEA had suspended Zee News editor Sudhir Choudhary from its Association in October. The Association came to a unanimous conclusion that Chaudhary was found acting in a manner ``prejudicial'' to the interests and objects of BEA.Chaudhary's name has been embroiled in controversy with Congress MP Naveen Jindal lodging a police complaint accusing the channel of seeking Rs 100 crore in advertising commitments for dropping an ``expose'' regarding irregular allocation of coal blocks to the politician.Responding to TOI queries, BEA president Shazi Zaman said, ``BEA stands by the steps it has taken and we will give an appropriate response in the court of law.'' The Association is expected to appear in the Delhi High Court on January 4.Chaudhary's demands include declaring the ethics committee enquiry as null and void, declaring his removal from membership as invalid and illegal and an unconditional apology from the Association. The BEA's ethics committee had decided on Chaudhary's expulsion.Chaudhary and Zee business head Samir Ahluwalia were arrested on November 27, and are in judicial custody till December 22. A Delhi court will hear arguments on the third bail plea of the two arrested Zee editors. The duo has given their consent for voice sample tests as sought by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17621013", "title": "Palamu Tiger Reserve in a fix over relief payment", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Authorities at Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) are in a fix over payment of compensation to the family of a man who was killed by an elephant on November 24 inside the reserve park in Betla.Usman Ansari (40) was guarding crops from atop a machaan (a makeshift structure held by four bamboo poles) when a jumbo attacked him. A grievously injured Ansari was rushed to Ranchi Institute of Medical Sciences ( RIMS). He succumbed to injuries four days ago.The ruckus over payment started after Ansari's two wives demanded the remaining amount. According to park authorities, Ansari's family was given Rs 1 lakh for treatment. The state government has fixed Rs 2 lakh towards compensation in case of deaths caused by animals in the reserve forest. This, however, is not applicable to deaths due to snake bites.Premjit Anand, conservator of PTR core area, said as the deceased has two wives and nine children, the remaining amount of Rs 1 lakh can be given only when the wives file a succession certificate signed by competent authority besides share system defined under Islamic laws.Farmers here have direction to build machaan not below 15 ft as an 8-foot tall elephant can stretch its trunk up to 14 ft, said Anand. But Ansari's machaan was below the instructed height and hence the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17619622", "title": "'Reservation may hit private universities plans'", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the state's cabinet passed the 25% reservation clause in the Private Universities' Bill on Thursday, educationists believe that reservation might act as a deterrent for many who are actually keen on setting up campuses here.The Private Universities Bill or the Maharashtra Self-financed Universities (Establishment and Regulation) Bill was promoted in the state to pave the way for private parties to create world-class universities. Political parties and student bodies had opposed the bill as it did not have any provisions for reservation. The parties asked the higher and technical education department to include disadvantaged groups in these private universities.Principal TA Shiware from KPB Hinduja College mentioned that private varsities will not get subsidies from the government. \"Reservation should be given to students from economically backward sections, who are good at studies but not able to afford education. The idea should be appealing to the parties interested in setting up campuses here,\" he said. The break-up of the 25% reservation is yet be clarified.Another principal said, \"Private varsities coming to the state will ensure that students have lots of options. It will definitely benefit the students if they manage to maintain good quality education, particularlyas the public education system is dwindling every year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17619470", "title": "'Previous govt to blame for fin crisis'", "text": "MARGAO: Industries minister Mahadev Naik said the erstwhile Congress government should be blamed for the current financial situation in Goa. He made the statement on Friday while inaugurating a two-day regional seminar on rights and entitlements of persons with disabilities at the Navelim district library.He said the BJP-led government under the leadership of chief minister Manohar Parrikar was trying to give Goa good governance and bring about changes in Goa, \"unlike the Congress government which did nothing\". Naik stated that the government was committed to providing assistance to the people with disabilities in Goa and the government would soon introduce schemes which would be implemented through an NGO in the state, which would receive financial assistance of 50 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621257", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcKin not informed\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court sentenced three persons, including a woman, to 10 years rigorous imprisonment in an over two year long dowry death case. The victim, in her early 20s, committed suicide by consuming some poisonous substance on July 27, 2010.\"Only one-and-a-half months after the marriage, Pankaj and his family members started harassing Rinku. They beat her and pressurised her to bring more dowry. The victim's family members tried to appease them with expensive gifts but they did not mend their ways,\" a police official said on Friday.He said Rinku poisoned herself and was taken to PGI where she died. Police also said the accused did not even inform the victim's family members, who received the news from the police. The court held the accused guilty on the basis of circumstantial evidence and statements of eyewitnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17621843", "title": "Police raid rice godowns in Kozhikode, Wayanad", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police, on Friday, conducted raids at wholesale rice godowns in Kozhikode and Wayanad districts and seized over 500 sacks of rice which were stocked illegally.In Vadakara, the police team led by DSP Josy Cherian seized over 300 sacks of rice stored illegally from five different shops. In the surprise check, Kozhikode city police seized 19 sacks of rice stocked illegally at wholesale godowns at Valiyangadi. The raid was conducted by a team of officials led by district police chief (Kozhikode city) G Sparjan Kumar to check illegal hoarding of rice.Police raided 27 shops in the city, said the district police chief adding that they could find irregularities in the accumulation of rice only in one shop. \"We have registered case against the shopowner under Essential Commodities Act for not maintaining proper stock register,\" he said. Case was registered against PM Associates at Valiyangadi.In Wayanad, raids were conducted at 10 wholesale godowns at Mananthavady, Sulthan Bathery and Kalpetta. Police seized 209 sacks of rice from two godowns at Mananthavady. While 11 sacks of rice with FCI seal were seized from one godown, 198 sacks of raw rice were seized from the second godown.The raid started which around 11.30am lasted for a few hours. Officials with the civil supplies department also took part in the raid. The raid was conducted as part of the state-wide operations to check the hike of rice price. Minister for civil supplies Anoop Jacob had earlier assured that the government will take all steps to check the spiraling price of rice in the state.Protest against raidRice dealers in Vadakara protested the decision of the government to conduct raids at wholesale shops. The move of the government, instead of bringing down rice price will affect the sale of rice, they alleged.The rice dealers closed the shops in protest and a protest march was also taken out in Vadakara.In a news release issued on Friday evening, Kerala state committee of the Kerala vyapari vyavasayi ekopana samithi alleged that raid was meant to divert people's attention from the government's hasty move to allow foreign direct investment in the retail sector. \"KVVES will be forced to keep the rice godowns and shops closed if the government continues to disturb the traders with raids, said KVVES state president T Naziruddin. \"Instead of identifying the real reason for price hike, the government is harassing the traders who are engaged in rice trade after obtaining licence from various departments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17620749", "title": "Royal prank call DJs get death threats", "text": "MELBOURNE: The staff of an Australian radio station, whose DJs made a prank call to a UK hospital that led to the death of an Indian-origin nurse, have reportedly received death threats, prompting some of them to move to safe houses.About a dozen staff of Sydney-based 2DayFM radio station have been moved into safe houses and up to 10 executives have been assigned bodyguards following death threats against them, the Daily Telegraph reported.The station management has recruited 24-hour security to guard the staff and the safe house venue, the report said.The development came after a threat letter was received on Thursday against Michael Christian, one of the DJs whose prank call led to the death of 46-year-old Jacintha Saldanha.The letter, which came from South Australia , stated \"bullets out there with your (Christian's) name on it\", it is claimed. Further unreportable threats involving a shotgun were also made. The letter was seized by detectives for examination.Australian police have initiated a probe into the death threats and have spoken with the Southern Cross Austereo's employees about security and other matters and are also monitoring social media for other threats, the paper said.The company which runs 2Day FM radio station has been under severe criticism after Mel Greig and Christian posing as Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles made the call which was received by Saldanha at London's King Edward VII Hospital.She put them through to a colleague who divulged details of the pregnant Princess Kate's health conditions. Saldanha was subsequently found dead.Meanwhile, the company said it was preparing at the long-haul, with specialist security expected to be in place for several weeks or months.\"We still have details to come from the hospital and the release of the suicide note. Depending on what comes from that could trigger more anger,\" the paper reported quoting a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621323", "title": "Thakur Udai Singh new Namdhari HQ administrator", "text": "LUDHIANA: Thakur Udai Singh, nephew of the Namdhari spiritual leader Satguru Jagjit Singh who passed away on Thursday, was declared the administrator of Namdhari headquarters at Bhaini Sahib. The announcement was made on the directions of the deceased leader's wife Mata Chand Kaur after thousands of members of the Namdhari community bid adieu to the Satguru.The spiritual leader was being treated at Apollo Hospital, where he was admitted on November 23 with a complaint of severe chest infection. Thakur Udai Singh is the younger son of Maharaja Beer Singh, the younger brother of the late Satguru, and was close to him since childhood.Jagjit Singh's grandson Jai Singh lit the pyre at the Namdhari Darbar in Bhaini Sahib, where his mortal remains were consigned to the flames, on Friday afternoon. Chief minister Parkash Singh Badal attended the last rites of the spiritual leader along with many dignitaries from different walks of life. \"He was a great spiritual ambassador and an eminent social reformer who played a proactive role in eradicating social evils like female foeticide, dowry and drug addiction,' Badal said.Among the religious leaders present at the cremation were head of the Dera Beas Baba Gurinder Singh, Baba Lakhvir Singh Ratwara Sahib and Sant Amrik Singh Panj Bhainian. The \"Bhog\" ceremony of the deceased spiritual leader would be carried out at 1.30pm on December 23 at Bhaini Sahib.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17621490", "title": "Finance minister to skip Kotkasim in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: Finance minister P Chidambaram is all set to skip his scheduled visit to Kotkasim block in Alwar district on Saturday reportedly following a hectic lobbying by the state and the district administrative machinery with their New Delhi counterparts.It is learnt from sources that the finance minister will only meet the district officials in Alwar before going to Neemrana, where he will attend the NBER-NCAER conference.The shoddy implementation of pilot project on direct cash transfer of kerosene subsidy at Kotkasim became an embarrassment for the UPA government, which is gearing up to replicate the model on pilot basis across 43 districts in the country for many of government's welfare schemes.TOI has carried a string of reports from the ground zero showing that the cash subsidy never reached the beneficiaries even after one year since the launch of the project in December 2011.Kerosene demand in the district has plunged by 90% after the implementation of the project. While it might have plugged leakage, but several poor people could not afford to buy the commodity at Rs 49 as the subsidy didn't reach him.Recently the district administration has started opening bank accounts of people on war-footing as they were informed that the finance minister will visit the block to know first hand the deficiencies in the implementation process.His impending visit prompted authorities to hold special camps and transfer the cash subsidy to the beneficiaries who were left out.The government is planning to link around 30 welfare schemes to Aadhaar cards (unique identification number UID) in the initial phase based on which the subsidies would be transferred to their bank accounts.While states have been accelerating the pace of issuing Aadhaar cards, it looks unlikely to achieve coverage of 80% of the people, the benchmark the government has set for linking welfare schemes for direct cash transfer. Even the leading states such as Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra in achieving higher coverage has is far behind the required penetration. Till last week, the penetration of UID cards in Rajasthan was as low as 20 per cent. Chidambaram's visit was expected to give a fillip to the exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17620961", "title": "Doctors force headbands onto HIV patients", "text": "AHMEDABAD: AIDS patients at Jamnagar's general hospital are made to wear headbands which proclaim their HIV positive status. The Gujarat high court (HC) on Thursday issued notices to concerned authorities after this issue was brought to its notice in a public interest litigation (PIL).The PIL was filed by advocate Vijay Nangesh highlighting the \"improper\" practice in G G Hospital in Jamnagar. The lawyer submitted that the patients infected with HIV are given a band to be tied on their heads so that others could identify them and keep distance from them. He also produced photographs of patients carrying tags of HIV on their heads.The petition claims that such a branding of HIV infected people is inhuman treatment to them, for this marking leads to isolation of these patients as other patients and their relatives maintain a \"safe distance\" from them. The petitioner also pointed out that this inhuman practice also causes panic among other patients who are in the hospital.The PIL cited a guideline given by the Supreme Court saying that the identity of such people must not be disclosed. The lawyer also cited rules framed by the Medical Council of India in this regard. The PIL has demanded immediate restriction on this practice of disclosing AIDS patients' identity. It has also sought action against responsible officials.After hearing the case, a bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala sought reply from the state health department secretary, Jamnagar collector and the medical superintendent of the GG Hospital. Further hearing on this issue is kept next week.Meanwhile, other PILs are also being heard by the HC on the issue of HIV infected people. The high court has ordered CBI probe in the incident of HIV infection among thallassemic kids in Junagadh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619468", "title": "Parrikar has made U-turn on separate cadre: Shantaram", "text": "PANAJI: Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik has been informed by Union minister of state for home affairs Mulapally Ramachandran that Goa is not interested in having a separate cadre of All India Services.This matter became known during a debate held in Rajya Sabha on Friday on North-Eastern Areas (Reorganization) Amendment Bill, 2012, which has provided a separate cadre of Indian Administrative Service , Indian Police Service and Indian Forest Service to Manipur and Tripura.When Naik asked why Goa was not considered for a separate cadre, the minister replied that Goa has stated it does not want a separate cadre and showed him the letter of the Goa government dated April 4, 2012, written to the Union home ministry.Naik said he thought chief minister Manohar Parrikar favoured a separate cadre for Goa and now owes the state an explanation why he has made another U-turn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620068", "title": "Man held for Rs 4L burglary in Kandivli", "text": "MUMBAI: A man was arrested on Friday for breaking into a house in his neighbourhood and looting valuables collectively worth Rs 4.10 lakh. Yasim Khan (26), the accused, resides in Ganesh Nagar near New Link Road in Kandivli (W). He knew that a family in the area was preparing for a wedding and had stored gold and cash in their house.Late on Thursday, Khan broke into the house of Radha Nair. He looted Rs 3 lakh in cash, two briefcases, wrist-watches and gold ornaments worth Rs 1.10 lakh from Nair's cupboard. He then decided to snatch the gold chain that Nair, who was asleep, was wearing. The woman woke up and screamed for help. \"Nair gave the cops Khan's name and description and he was then arrested,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621312", "title": "Woman found dead, in-laws booked", "text": "LUDHIANA: A 24-year-old married woman was found hanging at her house in Ghumar Mandi on Friday. A case of dowry harassment has been registered against her husband and in-laws. Police said a case has been registered against Bhavneet Kaur's husband Balpreet Singh, his mother Manjit Kaur, father Manjit Singh, sister Sweety and her husband, Honey for dowry death at the division number 8 police station on the statement of her father Davinder Singh of Janta Nagar.Davinder Singh alleged that Bhavneet's in-laws started harassing her for dowry soon after her marriage with Balpreet Singh. He said they used to beat her up. According to Davinder Singh, Honey told them that Bhavneet was not well on Friday morning, but they reached her residence to find her dead.Ghumar Mandi police post in-charge Pawan Kumar said Balpreet Singh told them he lived on the first floor with his wife while his parents lived on the ground floor. He said he was not home when his wife died. When he came back he found the door locked from inside. When Bhavneet did not open the door for a long time, he broke the door open to find her hanging.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17621441", "title": "Court officials attach Bharathiar Uni bus to compensate 2 farmers", "text": "COIMBATORE: Navavur Pirivu in Maruthamalai Road witnessed high drama on Friday morning when a bus owned by Bharathiyar University was confiscated by court officials to compensate two famers who gave up their lands for the setting up of the university three decades ago. The bus was on its way to the university after picking up students from the city but was stopped by district court's Amin S Nagaraj at around 8.30 am at the junction. He told students to get off the bus as it had been attached following a court order.University registrar Dr P K Manoharan, former registrar Dr P Thirumavalavan and Syndicate member K Murugavel rushed to the spot and started arguing with court officials for initiating revenue recovery against an educational institution bus which was carrying students. They insisted that the students be dropped off at the university as they were not a party to the land dispute. This angered more than 100 farmers who had gathered at the junction and they attempted to manhandle the officials. The police were called to the spot and they managed to pacify the university officials who returned to the institution. The bus was not immediately handed over to the two farmers who had secured the court order as they felt the university may try to repossess the vehicle. Thus, court officials took it to the Vadavally police station and then to the district court complex for safe custody.For the 1068 farmers who had given up their land during the 1970s, it was a moment of celebration. This is the first instance the court has ruled in their favour. The order, issued last October, entitles the two farmers to recover 11 vehicles of the varsity. An earlier attempt made during the first week of November this year, to attach the vehicles from the varsity campus failed when they were locked.Before Bharathiar University was set up in 1982, 1,068 acres of land was acquired from farmers by paying a nominal compensation. The farmers have been fighting against the university, seeking higher compensation. Their cases are at different stages in various courts.About 1.56 acres of land belonging to R Murugesan (77) of Marudhapuram and his younger brother R Mariappan (65) was acquired by Bharathiar University in 1979-80. The claimants filed a land acquisition petition in the first additional sub court in 1986. Both Murugesan and Mariyappan had become landless after the acquisition and they did not have adequate resources to buy land. The court directed the university to pay '2,600 per cent of land at 15 per cent interest. But the university failed to do so. Following this, the claimants approached the second additional sub court for attachment of university property. The court on July 20 this year gave its order to attach 11 vehicles belonging to Bharathiar University.\"The vehicles have to be mobile while being attached. Thus, it is difficult to find the opportunity to do so,\" said Murugesan's lawyer, S Vijayakumar. The compensation to be released to all the affected farmers is worth Rs 201.26 crore and the university had so far failed to implement all court orders directing it to pay the compensation, he pointed out.Many of the 1,200 farmers feel cheated as officials had acquired 994.04 acres at a meager Rs 1,000 per acre. Ironically, most lands acquired by the university remain vacant. \"The compensation should have ranged between Rs 3,000 and Rs 7,000 per acre. Instead, they had approached the court to delay the process. Now they are not honouring the court verdict too,\" Vijayakumar said.University Vice Chancellor G James Pitchai was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618964", "title": "Frail Uddhav vows to keep Sena flag flying", "text": "NAGPUR: Within a month of losing his legendary father Bal Thackeray , Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray is back in the business of getting his flock together. In a whistle-stop visit here he appealed to partymen: \"Stop shedding tears. I see the flame in you that Balasaheb has ignited. Let us take on the opponents. I am ready to lead the state and take it forward to number one in the country.\"The Sena leader, who has also gone through a bad health patch recently, was looking extremely frail. \"I have been through a major tragedy. But there is no time to grieve. I came to share my grief with you as head of the Sena family. Let us keep the saffron Sena flag flying high,\" he said in an emotional 15-minute speech. After which he returned to Mumbai. The enthusiasm among party men was palpable as they shouted full-throated slogans hailing Balasaheb and Uddhav. Sena youth leader Aditya Thackeray was also present.He reminded partymen that his decision not to assume the title of 'Shiv Sena Pramukh' - that his father held - was instantaneous. \"This is because I know and everyone knows that no one can replace him. The qualities he had were unique. The way he inspired people with his thoughts and ideology and united people across the state were something no other person can do. So there will was and will be only one Sena Pramukh,\" he said.Uddhav warned his detractors and political rivals that he was ready to take them on. \"I will be organizing party conventions in all regions from January, here in Vidarbha too. I have resolved to actualize every dream that Balasaheb had. I will take the state to its glorious past,\" said the Sena leader.Earlier, party legislator Ramdas Kadam, in his introductory remarks, singled out Nationalist Congress Party and said the Sena would expose NCP for its corruption in irrigation and other scams and decimate the party. This was indicative of the lurking fear within the Sena that in post-Balasaheb phase several of its followers would desert it and switch over to the NCP or Uddhav's cousin Raj Thackeray's MNS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17621623", "title": "Mismanaged shelters little relief for homeless", "text": "KANPUR: When fatigue takes over and his body gives in, 67-year-old Sanjay lies down anywhere on Kanpur Central Railway station's freezing platforms and passes the painful nights under the open sky. Every morning, covered in dew, he begins his day with bouts of wheezing and coughing. Sanjay is among the hundreds of homeless people in the city who do not even have a shed to protect them from the weather which continues to grow chillier by the day. This, despite the High Court guidelines which have instructed civic authorities to maintain shelter homes for the destitute, especially during winters.It is important to mention here that the city has nearly 28 shelter homes, but not even half of them are open as yet. Most of those that are functional open at night only, and that too without basic facilities like mats, blankets and drinking water.As per the SC and HC order, all shelter homes should function 24 hours a day. The HC guidelines also say that facilities like drinking water, toilet, electric connection and medical aid to cope up with emergency should be provided in all shelter homes.However, a survey by TOI revealed disturbing realities. At the shelter home at Express Road, TOI found that only one floor of the three-storied shelter home was open. This floor, open on all sides, had no blankets and mats. As the railways station and bus depot are near this shelter home, a majority of homeless people opt for it. However, locals said mismanagement by the civic authorities has turned this shelter home into a hub of anti-social activities during day time. They said known drug addicts can be seem taking drugs and playing cards throughout the day at the shelter.The condition of shelter homes near Sarsaiyya ghat and at Jageshwar Hospital was even worse. Both these shelter homes are meant to cater to about 100 people, but they had only a few torn mats and pillows. No toilets, no drinking water, and insanitary conditions made them almost inhabitable.Similar was the scene at the newly-built shelter home at Mootijheel where there was only one blanket and that too was being used by the in-charge of the shelter home. Meanwhile, the shelter homes at Panki, Parmat Ghat, and Birhana Road were found closed.Complaining about the poor management of municipal authorities, Anita, a social activist said nearly 35 thousand homeless people across the city sleep outdoors because of the lack of a proper shelter. The shelter homes constructed for the homeless are under-utilised and most of them remain locked. The homeless are not even aware of the existence of the shelters as some of these shelters are located in places that are difficult to find. The shelters are only for men and no separate space is provided for women, she said.When TOI raised this issue before the municipal authorities, they remained refused to comment on the presence of anti-social elements and the absence of cleanliness in the shelter homes. However, the authorities assured provision of blankets as soon as possible. The officials also claimed that there are proper blankets at Sarsaiyya Ghat shelter home but they store them in a private place due to attacks of monkeys.\"It is difficult to manage things right now as the winters have arrived early. Because we are hampered by shortage of workers and funds, we'll need some more days to fulfill the requirements,\" said UP Agarwal, city health officer, Kanpur Nagar Nigam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17620078", "title": "Workshop on breatfeeding method held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Under the urban health initiative, a workshop was held for doctors, consultants, midwives and other health workers to train them about the right method of breastfeeding and LAM (Lactational Amenorrhea Method).Claiming that breastfeeding is the best ideal nutrition for newborns as it has all essential substances, speakers on the occasion stress that there is need to spread awareness among mothers. They also added that it's a safe and available nutrition for newborns.Ironically, one third of children below five years of age die due to malnutrition every year across the world and the 2/3rd children below one year die due to insufficient nutrition.There is a strong need of encouraging right way of breast-feeding among mothers and there should be at least two years gap or difference between the births of two children.On the occasion, eminent speaker, Priya Jha said \"LAM family planning method is an effective, natural and latest method for contraceptive and women who are breast-feeding their babies can easily opt for it\". The WHO had recommend LAM method in year 1990.She added that this method has no side effect on body and right method of LAM method is effective in family planning.Experts, meanwhile, said that health officials should make attempt to promote the LAM method among slums located in city areas and efforts are also being made to ease the misconception related to the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620663", "title": "Rise in air pollution goes undetected, government plans to add five more monitors", "text": "CHENNAI: Pollution experts have for long said that the actual pollution in the city is much higher than the state pollution control board data claims. This, they said, is because the monitoring stations are in the wrong places and don't provide accurate data. Now, the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board plans to set up five pollution control stations and a mobile monitor to provide accurate, real-time data.The process to procure pollution monitors for the five locations, including in Manali, one of Chennai's most polluted suburban neighbourhoods, has begun. Both projects are partially funded by the Central Pollution Control Board. \"It is time to revise the pollution monitoring standards and increase the number of stations as new pollutants can get into urban environments anytime. We lack a proper system to analyse the levels of benzene and other dangerous pollutants. The current PM10 (particulate pollution) standard also has to be revised,\" said a senior consultant working for the state environment department.For instance, said another expert working for the government projects, the recent pollution figures for Diwali were unusually low, leading many to believe that it was due to the TNPCB's anti-pollution campaign. However, those who had studied the usual pollution levels and the considerable fluctuations, especially the levels of oxides of nitrogen, would know that the post-Diwali data released last month, the expert said, was 'corrected'. \"Either the pollution monitors were fixed in the wrong locations or the data was manually corrected later for unknown reasons,\" he said.Besides the monitoring stations being in the wrong places, the city's major dump sites are also not monitored by the TNPCB despite complaints about the quality of air due to the burning of garbage. Highly polluted areas, including those around Chennai Central and the Kodungaiyur and Perungudi garbage dump yards still lack pollution monitors. Stations to measure ambient air quality are currently situated at Anna Nagar, Kilpauk, T Nagar, Adyar and Vallalar Nagar.A series of studies over last few years by Urban Emissions.Info of the Institute of Financial Management and Research (IFMR) has shown that Chennai is one of the most polluted cities in the country but remains without an efficient monitoring system.TNPCB member-secretary S Balaji said they had identified locations to install five ambient air quality monitoring stations in the city before March 2013. \"Installation of a real-time pollution monitoring station at Koyambedu is on,\" he added. These stations, unlike the existing ones, will send real-time air pollution data to the TNPCB servers.\"The location of the existing stations, some located inside building complexes and others far away from the actual spots to be monitored, has been criticized. Now, we are keeping this in mind while setting up the new stations,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619944", "title": "Government to review EPF circular on salary, allowances", "text": "NEW DELHI: You can breathe easy with the government reviewing a circular issued by the Employee Provident Fund Organization (EPFO) that had asked employers to deduct the subscription from the gross salary, including allowances, a move that would have reduced the take-home salary of over 5 crore workers.A senior labour ministry official said there was a \"rethink\" on the circular that was issued on November 30, although a final decision is yet to be taken.The official added that the circular did not actually change the rules and had not clarified which allowances needed to be included in the calculation of basic wage. The circular was meant to ensure that employers did not shirk their responsibility, the official added.Officials said the circular was largely meant to protect employees earning below Rs 6,500 per month (for whom EPF is mandatory). In such instances, there have been cases where employers have split up the basic wage into various allowances, so as to reduce its contribution to the EPF.It is not mandatory for those earning above Rs 6,500 per month to opt for the EPF, but once employees opt for EPF, there is no opting out of it till the amount is withdrawn in full. Many employers expressed reservations after TOI first reported it on Tuesday as the circular would impact their wage bills. Typically, high salaried employees in the private sector do not opt for EPF.Employees have to contribute 12% of their basic wage towards PF and the amount is matched by their employers. The issue of employers shrinking the size of the basic wage and inflating allowances to reduce their PF burden has long plagued the EPFO.Both employers and trade unions objected after TOI first reported about it on Tuesday. \"We have sent a letter to the labour ministry objecting to certain provisions in the circular,\" D L Sachdev, AITUC national secretary and trade union representative in the Central Board of Trustees of the EPFO , said. The consent of the CBT was not taken before issuing the circular, Sachdev added.Besides, in a note, consulting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers pointed to conflicting judgments on the subject. \"Recently, the Madhya Pradesh high court ruled that allowances that are given universally, necessarily and ordinarily to all employees form part of the basic salary. The judgment has been challenged in the Supreme Court and the matter is yet to be decided. The decision of the SC would perhaps provide a direction in the matter but till then, this circular is a wake-up call for the employers to review their position in relation to compensation structure,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17622663", "title": "Pakistan pacers can upset Indian batsmen: Misbah, Hafeez", "text": "KARACHI: Pakistan's one-day captain Misbah-ul-Haq and Twenty20 skipper Mohammad Hafeez believe that the pace bowlers picked for the much-anticipated series in India have the ability to rattle the strong batting line-up of the hosts.\"I believe that the pacers selected in the squads have the potential to upset the Indians in their own backyard,\" Hafeez said.He said tall left-arm pacer Mohammad Irfan would be used as a \"surprise package\" in the Twenty20 series.\"For the pace bowlers, it is a great opportunity to shine and establish themselves in the team because a series against India is always followed very closely by everyone,\" Misbah added.Hafeez will lead Pakistan in the two T20 matches while Misbah will be captaining the one-day squad for the three matches in India.The two squads feature several pace bowlers including Umar Gul , Junaid Khan, Wahab Riaz, Mohammad Irfan, Anwar Ali, Asad Ali and Sohail Tanvir.Four of the bowlers are left-arm pacers.\"I am very confident and positive that we have the team to beat India and win both the series,\" Hafeez stated.Misbah conceded that matches against India are always high-pressure games for players from both sides.\"But being professional players we are supposed to live and adjust to this unique pressure and I will be telling all the players to go and just play positively on the tour,\" Misbah added.Asked about the omission of experienced all-rounder Abdul Razzaq from both squads and that of flamboyant all-rounder, Shahid Afridi from the ODI squad, Misbah said both had served Pakistan cricket well.\"But people must remember that any decision related to dropping a senior player is not just because of the captain such decisions are taken collectively.\" Misbah said.Hafeez also insisted that there was no conspiracy behind the axing of Razzaq.\"There is no doubt about the ability of Razzaq and his performances but the selectors selected the squads keeping in mind the conditions in India,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17621608", "title": "Protests against promotion quota bill gain steam", "text": "KANPUR: State government employees from different departments staged a strong protest against the reservation in promotion for SC/STs here on Friday. While in some of the government offices, the employees boycotted work, in others they tied black ribbons as a mark of protest.The engineers and other staff of Kesco went on a strike and staged a massive dharna at Kesco head office in Civil Lines.The staff of Kanpur Nagar Nigam and Kanpur Development Authority also staged a demonstration in their respective office campuses against the bill. The workers of the two government departments alleged that the by introducing the bill, the government is actually attacking right to equality of the common people. Similar protests was raised by the workers of GPO and various city-based trade unions. The staff of government departments protesting against the promotion quota bill said that they have full support of teachers, lawyers, and the common man over the issue and the protest would continue in the days to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620298", "title": "'Uttar Pradesh govt committed to upgradation of SGPGI'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS) celebrated its 32nd foundation day on Friday. On the occasion, chief secretary Jawed Usmani reiterated state government commitment to encourage higher standard of achievements for SGPGI.Usmani said, \"Despite financial constraints, the state government is committed to encourage excellence of this institute. The government will continue to upgrade the facilities and not allow any impediments to come in its way and that the institute has effective autonomy in place.\"The chief secretary also said that they have to still address basic problems of mother and child health, scourge of infectious diseases, lack of potable drinking water and lifestyle diseases that afflict the urban middle and upper classes such as hypertension, heart diseases and cancer.He invited renowned cardiac surgeon Dr Devi Prasad Shetty, who delivered the foundation day lecture, to launch healthcare project in the state. He assured Dr Shetty that all possible administrative and financial assistance will be provided by the state government for the project.On the ocassion, SGPGI director RK Sharma said the trauma centre, advanced ophthalmic centre and emergency medicine departments will be functional soon. The creation of these departments was announced by the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav some months ago.Former UP and Uttarakhand chief minister ND Tewari was also present at the programme.The awards for excellence and good work were given away to Jatinder Kumar for best resident, Sanjay Kumar Dwivedi and Amrita Mathias for best technicians and ShivDayal Gosai and Lokhi Rai for best nurses of the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17620108", "title": "Govt staff boycott work in protest", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Demanding the withdrawal of Centre's decision to pass the reservation in promotion quota bill in parliament, government employees abstained from work on Saturday and raised slogans against the Central government.A meeting at Vikas Bhawan was also held where employees of different departments including irrigation, PWD flayed the decision to introduce quota in promotion.Employees leaders said that the decision would adversely affect the interest of employees from general and other categories as they would be deprived of chances of promotion in government jobs.They demanded withdrawal of the Bill failing which they would be forced to intensify agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17620623", "title": "They bring alive a fading beat", "text": "For Durgappa and his family members music is their livelihood. They make music instruments and their expertise lies in making percussion instruments like mridangam, maddale, tabla, dolu and dagga. They also repair musical instruments.For the past seven years, this family hailing from Nargunda village in Gadag district, has made a small shop in Car Street their home.Durgappa belongs to Bagirkar (Channadasa) community. He says that he is happy to continue the age-old vocation of Bagirkars when most people from the community have changed their profession. His wife Saku Bai, son Veerendra, uncle Ramu and brother Manju are also engaged in the profession.Durgappa said that he learned the nitty gritties of the profession from his ancestors and his father was also an artist who made musical instruments.He said that the family moved to Mangalore as it is a bigger city. \"We get more work here. Our customers include yakshagana troupes, drama troupes, bhajan mandirs, clubs, schools and organizations. They come here either to buy new instruments or to get their instruments repaired,\" he said.Durgappa brings raw materials for the instruments such as metal drums, wood and skin from neighbouring Maharashtra.\"It takes at least four days to complete an mridangam. A tabla can be finished in two days,\" he added.According to him members of the Bagirkar community not only make musical instruments, but are also good at playing them \"Many of my family members play percussion instruments for drama, dance and other cultural programmes in his village,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618922", "title": "Innovation movement is need of hour: Pitroda", "text": "NAGPUR: Stressing on the importance of innovation in today's world, Sam Pitroda, adviser to the Prime Minister on Public Information Infrastructure and Innovation, said that the need of the time was an innovation movement.\"Innovation is needed for everything. From having the capacity to compete at the international level to bringing down prices to ensure affordability in our own country, innovation is a must. Innovation is not limited to industry only, innovation is in redefining our own selves,\" said Pitroda. He was speaking via video conference during the University Industry Congress organized by University Industry Interaction Centre, Nagpur University.He said that connectivity has played a very important role in the new world. \"It has changed everything. Today, individual innovation is almost impossible and a collaboration of various fields has been further facilitated by the internet. From lab to market, the product needs a lot of collaborative efforts to be successful,\" he said.He also observed, however, that Indians were not very pro-change. \"We are culturally not tuned to use innovation to move forward. For this, we have to change our mindset. As efforts in this direction, we have set up National Knowledge Commission and National Innovation Council,\" Pitroda said. But he also said that the changes should be durable and not disposable.He also said that various state level innovation councils were started. \"I hope that Nagpur University takes lead and sets up a city level innovation council,\" he added. He added that it was time that we went back to out tradition of innovation. \"Our history is full of innovators. I urge youngsters to go ahead and do crazy things. Because, unless you do crazy things, you are not going to innovate. In future, we need job makers and not job seekers,\" said Pitroda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621107", "title": "2 years on, three get 10-year rigorous imprisonment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court sentenced three persons, including a woman, to 10 years rigorous imprisonment in an over two year long dowry death case. The victim, in her early 20s, committed suicide by consuming some poisonous substance on July 27, 2010.The accused, including husband of the deceased Pankaj, mother-in-law Sunaina and sister-in-law Babita were booked on the complaint of victim, Rinku's elder brother Vinod Kumar. \"Only one-and-a-half months after the marriage, Pankaj and his family members started harassing Rinku. They beat her and pressurised her to bring more dowry,\" a police official said on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17620087", "title": "'Role of women equally imp in field of science'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With a pledge to strengthen the Indian scientific scenario, the fifth science conclave organised by the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad concluded on Friday. The weeklong congregation witnessed six nobel scientists, 40 eminent international scientists and 1800 participants from different parts of the country.Walter Kohn, noble laureate winner in chemistry in year 1988 addressed the participants in the pandal this morning from US through video conferencing focussing on advantage of science and technology. On a lighter note he started by thanking technology by quoting, \"Happy to be in India without travelling to India\". Talking about his early research work which involved quantum field theory, the study of the interaction of subatomic particles he recalled the days of Second World War where how as a student his studies were hampered during that time. Then he talked about semiconductors and how as a young researcher he was very much interested in the solid state physics. Citing his own personal example he emphasized that to be successful in the field of science one should have strong analytical skills. He showed a photograph where John Bardeen, William Shockley and Walter H Brattain, the pioneer of solid-state physics and the inventors of transistors were shown busy with their research work. He said that transistors were the fundamental device in the early development of solid state electronics.He concluded his speech by talking about his work with electronic structures known as DFT i.e. Density Functional Theory which proved to have applications way beyond solid state electronics. He ended his speech by saying that because of DFT's wide-ranging applications to chemistry and bio-chemistry, he was awarded the Noble Prize in Chemistry. He answered to the questions of the students present in the arena.JK Bhattacharjee, Harish Chandra Research Institute on the occasion shared his experience with WKohn citing an incident from 1979 where he went together with him for the same job and talked about the co-incidence that he is again sharing the same stage with him today.Editor-in-Chief of the Proceedings of the Indian National Science Academy, Krishan Lal started his speech on the topic-Fascinating World of crystals. He also told that why he fascinates of mankind natural crystal as gems, jewellery. Natural diamonds are not too attractive and beautiful as these are seemed. The largest ever natural diamond with weight 3106 carat, the Cullinan diamond was discovered in 1905 by South Africa. He also enlightened the historical perspective of Indian culture with diamonds, gems and jewellery. He also explained the scientific understanding of diamond and chemical composition structure. He concluded that crystals prepared from diamond and charcoals were identical.Speaking on the occasion a scientist, KF Lindahl spoke on the \"Women in Science 2012\". She raised a burning question of why so few women are found in the field of Science, Politics, Business, Law, Medicine, Engineering etc. She emphasized on how the participation of women leads to diversification of gender which results in different points of view and different approaches in identifying and solving problems. According to her not engaging women wastes brainpower, not employing women wastes resources spent in their education and training.She concluded her speech by saying that women too are equally important in field as vast as science and talked about some remedial measures to combat this. OP Vyas felicitated her.Nobel Laureate Prof. Deisenhofer talked about Structural Biology of Photosynthetic Light Reaction. Later Prof Sajal Das, Director, Centre for Research in wireless mobility and networking ,University of Texas, US spoke on \"Cyber-Physical World: A Perspective from Pervasive Computing and Smart Environments\" and Dr SP Singh, Department of Chemistry, Kurukshetra University threw light on Reflections On Indian Science: Challenges And Opportunities.Dr M D Tiwari, director, IIIT- Allahabad speaking at the valedictory session said that we all are witnessing a resounding success of the fifth science conclave which is due to untiring effort and dedication of IIIT-A fraternity.\" Words &amp; phrases are just not enough to express my sincere thanks and gratitude to the support that all of you have been extending. I am also sure of setting our sights towards the future, and I sincerely hope that all of you will continue to support this endeavor with the same zeal and dedication\", added Dr Tiwari.The fifth science conclave could not have been so grandeur and opulent without round the clock efforts of different committees and their volunteers which comprised of Audio &amp; Light / Stage Show &amp; Cultural Committee, Registration Committee, Transport Committee, Media Committee etc.The audio &amp; light/stage show &amp; cultural committee under the guidance of Dr Anurika Vaish, Division Head MBA/MS worked in sync to make the event a grand success. On the other hand the registration committee under the guidance of Dr S Sanyal worked day in and day out to make sure that all participants of the science conclave are properly entertained.The Transport Committee under the guidance of Dr Seema Shah made sure that there is smooth flow of transport coming in and going out during the entire science conclave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17622968", "title": "Vidya Balan-Siddharth Roy's cross-cultural wedding", "text": "The ceremony followed Tamil and Punjabi traditions while the feast was strictly south Indian fareEarly on Friday morning (4 am, say sources), Vidya Balan's family had started preparing for her traditional wedding ceremony. And by noon (when the Kanyaadan took place), the actress was officially married to Siddharth Roy Kapur.The family-only wedding took place in Green Mile Bungalow, on Carter Road, Bandra. The venue had a large open space that was canopied to keep the sneaking paparazzi at bay. The rituals - a mix of Tamil and Punjabi traditions, began at 5 am.Vidya and Siddharth arrived at bungalow decorated with orange flowers and small golden bells, amidst a host of family members. In fact, the groom was greeted by Vidya's family in full Punjabi regalia with dancing and dhol beats. But the wedding didn't start before celebrating an anniversary - that of Vidya's elder sister Priya and husband Kedar's. \"It's the same day her sister got married. So they had a small function to celebrate the wedding anniversary also,\" said a friend of Vidya.The wedding started with Vidya in a red saree. She later changed into a mustard saree with a pink blouse. And also wore a kanjivaram in between. The groom, on the other hand stuck to a yellow kurta and a pink turban throughout the ceremony.\"Vidya also had to sit on her father's lap during the Kanyaadan while the purohit chanted Sanskrit mantras,\" the friend added. By 2 pm, the ceremony was over and the banquet laid out. \"The spread was south Indian vegetarian fare. There was masala idli, gunpowder dosai and bisibele bhaat. The spread also had tahire sadham and tomato rice,\" the friend told us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621629", "title": "Girl stabbed by relative", "text": "KOLKATA: A first year student of a college in Budge Budge Institute of Technology and a resident of Usti in South 24-Parganas was seriously injured after being stabbed by one of her relatives on Friday evening. The relative, Seikh Haider, was also injured as he had slashed his wrist with a knife. Both were hospitalized and police have started a probe. At 5:30pm on Friday, when the girl Najia Khatun (23) was returning home after college, Haider took her to a place near Guiti and stabbed on her neck and stomach, Khatun was about to return home after college as Haider, who is a relative of the girl tried to take her to a place at Guiti.After taking her there, Haider suddenly surfaced with a knife and then tried to slash her wrist. Khatun got frightened and she tried to flee from the spot. Haider chased her and then caught the girl. He then stabbed Khatun with the knife on her neck and stomach. Locals rushed in as Khatun was rushed to a local nursing home in serious condition. The locals also caught hold of Haider and also admitted him to a hospital. The police has started a probe as to why Haider committed the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17621764", "title": "NGOs, citizens\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 groups release manifesto", "text": "VADODARA: Two days before the second phase of Gujarat elections, several NGOs and citizens groups released 'Vichare Gujarat' (Think, Gujarat), a peoples' manifesto, urging voters to choose their candidates after giving due consideration to the issues concerning citizens of the state. By promising 50 lakh houses in his party's manifesto, CM Narendra Modi has unwittingly admitted that at least two crore Gujaratis are homeless right now. Then, how does he explain all the talk of development that he is supposed to have done,\" representatives of about 40 organizations like Janpath, People's Union for Civil Liberties and Gujarat Lok Samiti said. tnnExpressing concern at atrocities against dalits, the members pointed out that the state police had failed to arrest even a single accused in the Thangadh violence during the 82 days after the incident, which was surprising since the same state police had nabbed an accused from the Nepal border within one week of his stabbing and killing a woman.Stating that there had been gross violations of constitutional and democratic practices in the state during the past ten years, the members pointed out that days of assembly sittings had been on the decrease while the seat of deputy speaker had been allowed to stay vacant all these years.\"There are 13,000 RTI applications still pending , even though, following public pressure, the government increased the number of RTI commissioners to three from one . Smaller stats such as Haryana and Goa have three commissioners while states like Punjab have ten commissioners,\" they said.The state government had also not bothered to add any members to the state human rights commission and the women commission ,which were one-man army right now. \"The district level human rights courts get no publicity, which is the reason why there have received only 50 cases in the last ten years,\" the representatives said.\"No protection officers have been appointed despite growing incidents of violence against women, and despite alarming number of missing children, no commission for child protection has been appointed. This, in a state with 11 lakh children out of schools,\" they claimedThose who addressed the media included Gautam Thaker, InduKumar Jani, Harinesh Pandya, Uttam Parmar, Rajni Dave, Dhiru Mistry and Mahesh Pandya.The Peoples' manifesto lists several issues various heads like god governance, ownership of natural resources, agriculture, Panchayati raj,women, education, unorganized and downtrodden sector,dalits, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621077", "title": "Model Burail Jail becomes smoke-free", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Burail Jail in Chandigarh is about to set an example, many, even those outside the jail, would like to emulate. The prisoners, many of them hardened criminals have decided to support the jail management to make the premises smoke-free. Interestingly, the decision was not forced on them. Authorities took each of them into confidence before going ahead.The process of making Burail jail smoke-free has been a gradual one. The decision was implemented on trial basis and the results were encouraging enough for authorities to make the entire jail a smoke free zone. Considering that the inmates smoked cigarettes worth Rs 10 lakh in 2011, this is not a mean achievement. \"There were around 175 to 200 prisoners who were in the habit of regular smoking. We did not want to offend any of them and at the same time wanted them to become part of the decision-making process. We held a meeting with them and asked them to give their suggestions in this regard,\" Balbir Singh Dhol, additional inspector general (prisons), told TOI.He also said prisoners were given the option to quit in their own time, but the eagerness they showed was unexpected. \"We arrived at a consensus to make the jail a smoke-free zone and told the prisoners to leave smoking in their own time. We also constituted a separate board of doctors to help inmates and give them some medicine in case of emergency. But no prisoner sought the doctor's help to quit smoking,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17621846", "title": "Opposition to Gadgil panel report not in state's interest, says expert", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Noted environmental scientist Dr Glen Barry said the recent public protest by the Syro-Malabar Church and Kerala Catholic Bishops' Council against the implementation of Western Ghats Experts Ecology Panel Report (WGEEP) will prove detrimental to the state's fragile ecology and natural resources in the long run.Barry, who is the president and founder of Ecological Internet, an award-winning international web portal which is in the forefront of protecting virgin green zones like Amazon rain forests, said that the report by the Madhav Gadgil committee is based on cutting-edge environmental science which, if implemented, will definitely protect the state's shrinking water resources and slow down the process of global warming and climate change.\"There is only 7% of the forest remaining from what was the original Western Ghats, and even today 40% of the drinking water source emanates from these green hills. Denuding even the buffer zones of the Western Ghats is calling for ecological disaster,\" he warns.The US-based scientist who holds a doctorate in land resources from the University of Wisconsin-Madison said that the demarcation of Western Ghats and its adjoining areas into three eco-sensitive zones by Madhav Gadgil was based on scientific principles followed internationally.\"Many European countries have more industrial zones than India, but they will not tamper with their core forest areas, rivers and green zones. America, but, has begun to face the brunt of indiscriminate destruction of nature. The mid-western states in USA, known as the nation's bread basket, are facing severe droughts this year because of rapid destruction of forests and green-house effect. The Sandy hurricane that hit New York was yet another wake-up call for the country,\" he said.Barry points out that the destruction of green zones will first hit the poorest of the poor. \"There is a direct link between poverty, crime and degradation of nature. Haiti is a classic example. In India, the coastal region will be first affected, with flash floods and tidal waves eating into the shores. There will also be a huge scarcity in drinking water resources.\"Barry said a century ago there was little awareness about ecology and the world followed a different developmental model. \"But, increasingly, scientists are saying that economy should be a subset of ecology as we are moving into an area of very limited natural resources and greater demand for food production.\"He said Kerala's political establishment should plan long-term sustainable development programmes as mentioned in the WGEEP report. \"The question we should always ask is should we succumb to the greed of a few minority who wants to usurp the fundamental rights of a larger community for access to clean air, water and food,\" Barry points out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620616", "title": "DMRC chief bats for Metro in rush-traffic stretches", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro chief Mangu Singh batted for Metro rail projects on all arterial stretches in cities where rush hour traffic rush is high and mono rail, light rail and bus rapid transit system is comparatively less.Addressing the M Visvesvaraya Memorial Lecture at the India Engineering Congress (IEC) organized by Institution of Engineers (India), DMRC managing director said that there is no alternate effective transport solution to Metro on stretches where peak hour peak direction traffic (PHPDT) is 20,000-75,000. He added that the Metro system must be complemented with quality and affordable city bus service.Singh also said that in case of corridors below 20,000 PHPDT, city authorities should opt for mono rail, LRTS and BRTS. In recent years, the Union urban development ministry has also put greater focus on these modes of mass public transport to reduce people's dependence on private vehicles.Stressing the need on popularizing and creating infrastructure for non-motorized transport ( NMT) like walking, cycling and rickshaws, he said engineers need to find design models to make walking and cycling more \"pleasurable\" experience for people.\"Urgency towards movement for sustainable urban transport also is derived from the fact that situation in India has become critical even though the per capita personalized vehicle ownership is much lesser than even China,\" Singh said.Highlighting how Delhi Metro has become a sustainable transport model, he added that the operation of this mass rapid public transport has avoided emission of at least 5.6 lakh tonnes of carbon dioxide ( CO2).Earlier in the day, inaugurating the conclave, President Pranab Mukherjee said education and skill development are among the key enabling factors to achieve 9% economic growth as envisaged in the 12th Five Year Plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620225", "title": "'Tenders for road audit not mandatory'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday ruled that calling for tenders to appoint an auditor, including for road works in Mumbai, was not mandatory.In an order that would give the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) some leeway to appoint auditors who enjoy its trust and could also break the road contractors' cartel, a full bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah, Justice Ranjit More and Justice Amjad Sayed dismissed a petition filed by former NCP corporator challenging the corporation's decision to appoint Swiss firm SGS Consultancy to carry out quality audit of road works worth Rs 900 crore in the city.The court held that Section 72 of the BMC Act, which enforces the tender rule, was not applicable while appointing auditors as it was not a purchase or a contract. \"The judgment will allow the BMC to appoint independent contractors,\" said advocate Viraj Maniar, who appeared along with advocate Anirudh Joshi for SGS. \"Tenders would mean that the corporation would have to award the audit work to the lowest bidder, which would not guarantee that there could be quality audit of the roads,\" added the advocate.During the hearings in the case, the BMC had admitted that it wanted to break the cartel of contractors. It had pointed out that contractors would quote prices that were 20-30% less, as a result of which reputable construction firms did not participate in the tender process for road works. Despite the fact that the civic body has been conducting audit of road works since 2005 through the tender process, potholed roads continued to plague Mumbai. In 2011, the BMC appointed SGS to undertake the quality audit work, which was challenged by former NCP corporator Niyaz Vanu.The BMC had earlier told the high court that a special panel of auditors would conduct a quality audit of Mumbai roads. The audit firms on the panel would be given the work of quality audit on a rotational basis, it was said.The matter was referred to the full bench as a division bench of the high court had differed with a 2006 order of another bench, which had directed to award audit work to firms only through a tender process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618851", "title": "Agriculture department letter challenges white paper figures", "text": "NAGPUR: The opposition has got fresh ammunition against deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar after principal secretary (agriculture) SK Goel claimed that the data in two reports of water resources department (WRD) was inconsistent. While Goel has not directly said this, the fact brings into question the conclusions of the white paper on irrigation released by the government.Leader of opposition in legislative council Vinod Tawde on Friday produced a letter written by Goel to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, and then sought an adjournment on the basis of this communication.Goel says in the letter that the figure for irrigated area in the state as calculated by WRD and agriculture department was different in the economic survey 2011-12. WRD used the figures for 2010-11 to calculate the percentage irrigated area for 2009-10. Moreover, economic and statistical directorate committed a major blunder. He added that several MLAs had pointed out these discrepancies during the budget session.The letter exposes some blunders committed by officials of various departments. WRD calculated the percentage irrigated area for 2009-10 as 17.9% by considering the irrigated area as 40.50 lakh hectare, the figure for 2010-11. If the irrigated area figure for 2009-10 was considered to calculate irrigated area, then it would have been considerably lower and the outcry against Pawar would have been greater.This is evident from the fact that in another WRD report the area under irrigation in command areas is mentioned as 25.43 lakh hectare in 2009-10 and 35.43 lakh hectare in 2010-11.These figures also contain a major inconsistency. The irrigated area in non-command areas in 2010-11 is shown as 10 lakh hectare. When this figure is added to 35.43 lakh hectare in command areas, the total is 45.43 lakh hectare, as against the 40.50 lakh hectare figure in the first WRD report.The directorate of economics and statistics miscalculated the area under irrigation in command areas of irrigation projects on the higher side by including the areas irrigated by wells twice. The irrigated area in command areas in 2010-11 is shown as 46.58 lakh hectare, but it is actually 35.46 lakh hectare. This corrected figure is based on revenue department data. This does not include irrigated area outside command areas, so the total area is not known.Vinod Tawde, Shobhatai Fadnavis and other BJP MLCs claimed they had decided to allow normal business in legislative council on Friday but changed their mind when they got hold of Goel's letter.\"Our party had stalled Parliament over the 2G scam and the government earned Rs10 crore more. In case of coal block allocation, we prevented a loss of Rs80,000 crore to the national exchequer. The loss of legislative business is temporary. It will save hundreds of crores in the long run,\" Tawde told a press conference.Later, a senior BJP leader claimed CM Chavan would announce an enquiry by a retired high court judge into the irrigation scam on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17620645", "title": "Lokayukta court orders probe into new garbage contracts", "text": "BANGALORE: A special Lokayukta court on Friday ordered the Lokayukta SP (Bangalore Urban) to investigate allegations of irregularities in new solid waste management contracts awarded by the BBMP.The court was hearing a private complaint filed by former mayor PR Ramesh.Lokayukta judge NK Sudhindra Rao set a deadline of January 24 to the Lokayukta police to submit their report on the issue.Ramesh had named 12 persons, including BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel and chief engineer (solid waste management) Ananthaswamy and urban development principal secretary Amitha Prasad in his complaint.The petition stated that on September 18, 2012, the BBMP invited tenders for disposal of solid waste management, specifying the requirement of employees and vehicles for the job. It also stated that tender documents were issued differently on different dates, changing specifications of normative standards.Municipal solid waste rules were thrown to the wind and no effective steps were taken by the executing authority, the petition added.Others named in the complaint are K Jyothiramalingam, former BBMP commissioner; Jayaram, superintendent engineer, Malleswaram division (BBMP West zone); Kenchappa, executive engineer, Basavanagudi division (South); Govindaraju, superintendent engineer (East); Mohan Das, executive engineer (Dasarahalli); Rangaiah, executive engineer (Yelahanka); Gangandhara Swamy, superintendent engineer (Mahadevapura); Parameshwar, executive engineer (Bommanahalli) and Vijaya Kumar, executive engineer (Project-1, Rajarajeswarinagar).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17620973", "title": "Thangadh killings: Relatives move HC against inaction", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday sought explanation from the DGP and state home department secretary about alleged inaction in the Thangadh dalit killings and also why the probe should not be handed over to the CBI.Acting on a plea by the father of one of the three victims, Amarshibhai Sumra, Justice K M Thaker issued notice asking the authorities to reply by December 21.Three dalit youths - Mehul Rathod (17), Pankaj Sumra (16) and Prakash Parmar (26) were killed in Thangadh town on September 22. Four policemen, PSIs K P Jadeja and Bharatsinh Solanki, head constable Nathubha Rana and constable Yogesh Gadhvi have been charged with murder after it was revealed during the probe that they fired with their AK 47 on a mob without being attacked. Appearing for the petitioner, advocate Mukul Sinha submitted that innocent victims of the dalit community were brutally shot dead by cops and a false case of resorting to firing in self-defence was fabricated by the accused.It was also submitted that though arrest warrants were issued against all four policemen, they have not been arrested for more than a month now. He has alleged that the main culprit, Jadeja, who opened fire first, has been sheltered by a member of parliament.After ordering CID (crime) to probe this incident, the Gujarat government announced Rs 2 lakh compensation each to the family members of the deceased. These measures by the authorities failed to quell the anger of the dalit community, and protest meetings were organized across the state.The police defended themselves saying they tried to follow police manual, but people claim that bullets were fired on protestors who were demanding registration of FIR against some Bharwad youths that had allegedly thrashed a dalit youth. The incident enraged members of the community, who even refused to accept the dead bodies until two ministers Fakirbhai Vaghela and Ramanlal Vora rushed to the hospital and promised action against the police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619299", "title": "Scientists Tilak, Chanda honoured", "text": "PUNE: Close to 125 scientists and researchers have gathered in the city for the 17th national conference of the Indian Aerobiologial Society that began on Thursday and is jointly organised by the MAEER's Arts, Commerce and Science college and MAEER's Maharashtra Institute of Pharmacy.Lifetime Achievement Awards were presented to S T Tilak, professor emeritus Bharati Vidyapeeth, a pioneer in aerobiology in India and a recipient of the President's medal and Sunirmal Chanda, senior scientist, Centre for Study of Man and Environment, Kolkata, who has over 340 research papers to his credit. S N Agashe, professor emeritus, Bangalore University, was also felicitated.The Society was established in 1980. This is the second time Pune is hosting the conference. The theme of this year's conference is - Impact of Airborne Microbes.On Friday, B E R Rangaswamy, professor and head, department of Biotechnology and Research Centre, Davangere, Karnataka, spoke on 'Variability in airborne bacterial and fungal population in tertiary healthcare centre'. He emphasised that the presence of high concentration of airborne micro organisms within the indoor environment is causing increasing concern with respect to many acute diseases, infections and allergies.Mahesh Roy, associate professor, department of Botany from R N College, Hajipur (Bihar), delivered a lecture on 'The Progress of Aerobiology in Bihar'. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17619967", "title": "KFC's outlet in city toremain shut, for now", "text": "PATNA: Patnaites would now have to wait for an indefinite period to once again enjoy the taste of KFC food as its local outlet was sealed by food and safety department officials on Thursday evening when, during a routine inspection, the outlet failed to produce its food licence. Kentucky Fried Chicken aka KFC is a leading brand of US-based Yum Brands Inc.Surendra Kumar, designated officer, Patna division, food and safety department, informed TOI, \"During a routine inspection on Thursday night, when we asked for licence from the KFC outlet, which opened in the Regent Cinema premises near Gandhi maidan in October, the outlet failed to produce it. After inquiry we found out that they have not even cared to apply for the licence before setting up and starting the restaurant. Thus, after collecting the samples of food and spices from the outlet, we sealed it.\"Kumar said, \"There are only two ways to deal with such cases - file an FIR against the restaurant or the company applies to the department for licence with all necessary documents. After checking the documents, we can issue the licence.\"This whole process usually takes around 15 days. But keeping in mind that KFC is a reputed firm, the officials are open to considering its application for licence on a priority basis, but only if KFC submitted its documents to the department without delay. Else, the matter may linger for an indefinite period, said a source in the department.The samples of food and spices collected from the KFC outlet have been sent for examination to a government-owned laboratory as the officers concerned have doubts about their quality. \"This restaurant uses frozen chicken brought from Kolkata, which is quite far away. We suspect them to be stale and not good for health,\" said an official on the condition of anonymity. Report of the test would come in about two weeks.A KFC source said, \"The responsibility for completing all document work was given to a Kolkata-based company. But its official took the matter lightly and misled both his company and the KFC.\" Now, Devyani International Limited, a Delhi-based company who has the franchise for KFC across north India, is looking after the issue itself. One of its officials would come to Patna in a day or two with all the original official documents required for the licence, the source said.The source added, \"KFC has its high quality standards. It brings frozen chicken in an insulated van from a farm in Kolkata, where a special variety of chicken is bred.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17619063", "title": "CRRI to conduct e-way safety audit", "text": "NOIDA: Taking cognizance of the increasing number of accidents on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, Noida Authority has finally swung into action. The Authority has decided to conduct a safety audit of the e-way and has written to the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) for its expert advice on several aspects of traffic engineering of the 23.6km stretch.Officials said a survey of the expressway by CRRI has already been carried out to determine infrastructural and safety lapses. \"We have asked CRRI to focus on the existing design of the central verge, entry/exit points, safety, etc,\" said a senior official. Officials said CRRI would also help in identifying black spots and suggest means to rectify accident-prone areas.Meanwhile, the Authority has allocated Rs 70 crore for resurfacing and widening of service lanes along the e-way. \"Tenders are already under process and resurfacing should start by February,\" said the project engineer assigned to the expressway. \"Rs 50 crore will be used for resurfacing and the rest to widen existing service lanes to 5.5m,\" he added.\"Other civil works include raising the level of drains along the expressway, besides construction of a U-turn under the Mahamaya flyover and conversion of five minor underpasses to larger ones,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17623492", "title": "It wasn't me: US school shooter's brother on Facebook", "text": "WASHINGTON: \"It wasn't me I was at work It wasn't me\", wrote Ryan Lanza on his Facebook page soon after he was mistakenly named as the man who shot dead 28 people, including 20 children, at a US school.The shooter has been identified as 20-year-old Adam Lanza, the younger brother of Ryan Lanza.The elementary school shooting left 20 children and 8 adults dead in the US state of Connecticut , the second deadliest in US history only next to the Virginia Tech Massacre in April 2007, which claimed 33 lives.Ryan Lanza was working at his desk at the Ernst and Young when he saw a TV report that he had fatally shot people at the elementary school in Connecticut.It was at that moment Ryan realized what his brother, Adam, might have done.Lanza told his boss that: \"I need to go.\"He then walked out from Times Square office of the tax real-estate group, according to a co-worker who spoke to MailOnline on condition of anonymity.Ryan stoutly defended himself in a series of Facebook posts after he was mistakenly named as the killer.He wrote on his Facebook page: \"I'm on the bus home now it wasn't me.\"Less than two minutes he wrote in capital letters: \"IT WASN'T ME I WAS AT WORK IT WASN'T ME.\"Ryan has been detained by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621306", "title": "Residents wait with bated breath", "text": "LUDHIANA: City residents are quite excited. With the India-Pakistan, India-Malaysia kabaddi matches and live performance by Katrina Kaif, people can't help looking forward to the time of their lives.\"It would be great to watch the kabaddi final between India and Pakistan. Punjabi singers and above all Katrina Kaif are coming,\" said Manpreet Singh Alag of Model Town. Arrangements are in place at Guru Nanak Stadium for the grand event. But going by the eagerness of residents to see the finals at close quarters, it seems the stadium will be packed to capacity.\"Besides the matches, I am looking forward for a glimpse of favourite Bollywood celebrities. Personally, I am more interested in watching Katrina than Kabbadi,\" said Harjot of BRS Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17621675", "title": "CGHS dispensary in Sector 55 finally opens", "text": "GURGAON: After a long delay, the central government health scheme (CGHS) dispensary at Sector 55 finally started functioning on Friday.The dispensary will help more than 30,000 beneficiaries residing in Sector 55-56 and the nearby colonies. Though there will be only two doctors for now, the wellness centre is very soon expected to have adequate number of doctors, paramedical staff and medical stores.\"The allotment of the building from the Haryana government and its renovation took a lot of time but now, all the preparations are done and the dispensary started functioning from Friday,\" said V P Singh, deputy secretary, ministry of health and family welfare.The building is constructed on 1.5 acres of land.Though the building had 11 rooms, the authorities decided to give only five rooms to the CGHS. After the allotment of the building, the dispensary was renovated by the public works department.\"We are happy with the move. With better infrastructure and adequate staff, the dispensary promises a lot more facilities to the beneficiaries. Even the life-saving and anti-cancer medicines, which were earlier available only in the medical store depot in Gole market, will be available here,\" said S N Gupta, joint secretary, Gurgaon CGHS welfare association.Local residents expressed satisfaction with the development, as now they wouldn't have to commute to the old dispensary at Jacobpura Road, which is 10-15 km away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620398", "title": "Comply with polythene ban order: HC", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has directed the state government to comply with the ban as ordered by the court earlier in relation to a PIL pertaining to Ganga pollution in which the court had asked the authorities to ban polythene bags of certain specification from being used in public.The order came from a division bench of acting Chief Justice Shiv Kirti Singh and Justice DK Arora on a PIL filed by AK Mishra and another. The PIL sought directions from the court so that polythene bags of certain specifications may be banned from being used in public.The court said that the petitioners have attempted to highlight that such polythene bags when mixed in the garbage cause immense harm to the animals such as cows, when they consume such bags from the garbage. \"Whatever be the consequence of such polythene bags on the cows, its adverse impact upon the general environment and water table had been a matter of concern for the court and state authorities,\" said the court.It appears that in another PIL on Ganga pollution, a division bench of this court at Allahabad had already issued appropriate directions on October 9, 2012, added the court, disposing of the current PIL in terms of directions already issued.On behalf of the state government, additional advocate general Bulbul Godiyal had also favoured for similar directions as already issued in Ganga pollution matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17620783", "title": "Italian tourist succumbs to encephalitis at SCB Medical College and Hospital", "text": "CUTTACK: An Italian tourist undergoing treatment at the SCB Medical College and Hospital died on Friday. Doctors claimed the 63-year-old tourist identified as Roserio Sebastiano Contiguglia was admitted to the hospital in a critical condition on November 26 with encephalitis. His condition deteriorated eventually and he died in the wee hours of morning on Friday.Roserio, a native of South Italy, was a physiotherapist by profession and had come to India on a tourist visa.\"The tourist was admitted to the hospital with encephalitis. Later, he was diagnosed with septicemia. His condition was quite critical and he died of multiple organ failure,\" said a doctor of SCB, who was treating Rosario.Meanwhile, some social organizations alleged the foreigner died due to medical negligence. \"He was shifted from the ICU to the pulmonary ward while his condition was still critical,\" said Achyuta Sahoo, member of social organization Sevak. He alleged that hospital authorities were well aware that he was a destitute patient, still no attendant was provided to him. In the absence of an attendant, the tourist had fallen off his bed on December 11, following which his condition deteriorated further, leading to his death.Superintendent of SCB hospital Ramesh Samantray, however, refuted the allegations. \"The Italian tourist was given the best medical treatment. He was suffering from multiple diseases like lung infection, pulmonary fibrosis and septicemia and died due to multiple organ failure,\" Samantray said. With no claimant of Roserio's body, it has been preserved at the hospital. The hospital authorities have informed the Italian embassy and police about the tourist's death.Another Italian, Renanto Geodona, who is now settled in Konark , has expressed willingness to perform the last rites of Roserio.Roserio, a native of South Italy, was a physiotherapist by profession and had come to India on a tourist visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17621265", "title": "Civic body sleeps as water crisis looms", "text": "KOCHI: A looming water crisis has failed to wake up Kochi corporation, which has now put the ball squarely in Kerala Water Authority's (KWA) court.The civic body, which has to ensure the availability of drinking water to residents during the coming summer, has not yet charted plans to deal with water shortage predicted during the March-May period.Citing the fact that KWA was responsible for water supply within corporation limits, the local body maintained that they were busy with plan fund projects.On an average the city and its suburbs require about 260 MLD of water every day. \"So far the local body has not discussed the necessity of ensuring water supply during the summer months. The corporation's priority is to bring in 100 MLD of water to west Kochi under the JNNURM project,\" said works committee chairperson, Soumini Jain. She said that the civic body has been unable to discuss the water crisis as they were busy preparing plan fund projects.With the local body failing to take initiative to hold discussions with KWA, citizens will be forced to depend on tanker lorries for supplying drinking water.They will have to shell out at least Rs 12,000 for a tanker with a capacity to supply 12,000 litres of water. These rates are likely to go up during summer. Civic body officials also stated that they don't have the data of ponds, wells and bore wells in the city. According to a senior official, the wetland conservation project has not been effectively implemented in the city.\"As per the city sanitation plan prepared by the German Agency for International Cooperation (GIZ) about 80% of the ground water in the city is contaminated. As of now there are no rules to control digging of bore wells,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17620008", "title": "Second accused in minor rape case still absconding: Police", "text": "MARGAO: Margao police are on the lookout for the second accused person in the rape of a minor that took place on Wednesday morning.\"The second accused is still absconding and efforts to search and locate him are currently underway,\" said Margao P I Sudesh Naik, speaking to TOI on Friday.On Wednesday, a16-year-old girl was raped by two persons at different locations. While one of the accused is a classmate of the victim and also a minor, the police are verifying the identity of the second accused, who is believed to be around 20 to 22 years of age.\"We have interrogated and recorded the statements of the first accused and we have also recorded the statements of witnesses in the case,\" added Naik. The first accused, being a minor, has been remanded to Apna Ghar.Margao police booked an offence against the accused under Sections 363, 341, 376, 342 of the IPC and Section 8 of the Goa Children's Act. Police officials had stated that the first accused lured the girl to accompany him to a Margao cinema hall to watch a movie by skipping classes and after watching the movie together, the accused is believed to have taken the victim to a toilet within the complex and had sexual intercourse with her.Both are students of a higher secondary school, near Margao. Margao police said that the second accused, who was unknown to the victim, came to the KTC bus stand on a bike, and forcibly took the girl to some unidentified, isolated place where he raped her.The girl, in her complaint, said the accused also took video clippings of the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619998", "title": "More reform steps in next few weeks: P Chidambaram", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is likely to take some more steps in the next few weeks to help revive growth, finance minister P Chidambaram said on Friday, while vowing to stick to the path of fiscal consolidation.The government has unveiled a series of reform measures since September and on Thursday the Cabinet approved the setting up of a cabinet committee on investment to hasten the pace of decision making in key infrastructure projects.It also approved a draft Bill on Land Acquisition and a new investment policy for urea plants. These measures come close on the heels of the government winning a crucial vote in Parliament which backed its decision to open up the multi-brand retail sector to global players.Analysts say the flurry of reform steps announced by the government along with some favourable macro-economic data is expected to boost sentiment and help revive growth in the months ahead.\"India weathered the crisis very well in 2008 and I am confident that the steps we have taken - and some more steps that we will take in the next few weeks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will help turn the Indian economy around,\" Chidambaram told the Delhi Economics Conclave, a meeting of top economists and policymakers from around the globe.\"However, every country has to introspect on whether the domestic and external issues have been diagnosed correctly and whether the policy options have been exercised adequately and effectively,\" he said.He said the UPA coalition has been making every effort to turn around the economy in situation of uncertainty and low investment and said the government expects the direct cash transfer scheme would be a game-changer and eliminate nearly all leakages, duplication and falsification and usher in transparency.Later, speaking in Parliament, Chidambaram said the government will adhere strictly to the fiscal consolidation plan that it has charted out and sought the help of lawmakers to help the government abide by the roadmap.\"If we do not succeed in fiscal consolidation roadmap, there is a risk of rating downgrade to junk status. We cannot afford that,\" Chidambaram added.Infusion of Rs 2,000 crore in Air India has been done to keep the public carrier afloat and prevent airfares from shooting up, finance minister P Chidambaram told Parliament.\"If Air India is not kept afloat, what will happen is airfares will go up, other airline companies will simply push up their air fares because so many seats will not be available. Which is why we are providing Rs 2,000 crore to Air India,\" Chidambaram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618857", "title": "Pandemonium in both houses on fifth day too", "text": "NAGPUR: For the fifth consecutive day, opposition members created a din in both houses of the state legislature, leading to curtailing of the day's work and adjournment before noon. Both houses would now resume on Monday after the weekend break.In the upper house, unlike their colleagues in the assembly, the MLCs allowed a debate on Indu Mill land and also participated in the question hour. Opposition members led by leader Vinod Tawde started demanding constitution of SIT as soon the house started discussing calling attention motions in the council.In the lower house, the only improvement in the situation was that the question hour took place. But there was no business possible as opposition raised a din on the SIT demand once again.Refuting the charge that the opposition was stalling work, Tawde said they had willingly participated in question hour and about 41 queries were discussed in five days. He said all major issues like drought and water scarcity were related to irrigation and hence the mega scam must be exposed.Earlier, food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh and parliamentary affairs minister Harshwardhan Patil slammed the opposition for wasting time and asked them to discuss their SIT issue during question hour itself. Patil said since Business Advisory Committee (BAC) had already decided the schedule for winter session till December 21, it would not be possible to discuss all issues within the next five days.On this Tawde said they had already given a letter seeking extension of the session by a week, saying they were even ready to celebrate Christmas and New Year in Nagpur. They started shouting slogans against the government and ruling members, who also replied in the same vein. Finally, chairman Shivajirao Deshmukh adjourned the house till Monday.The assembly also saw some work during the question hour for the first time this week. Opposition members took up various issues and were keen on getting relies from the government. But soon after 12pm it was back to noise and uproar as the Speaker refused to accept opposition's adjournment motion that sought a debate on irrigation scam.Speaker Walse Patil then adjourned the hose for 15 minutes. But after it resumed panel speaker Nawab Malik was in the chair. He tried to start the proceedings but was unable to do much amid all the din raised by the opposition members seeking SIT probe in the irrigation scam. He then adjourned the house till Monday 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17620182", "title": "High court issues contempt notice to Noida officers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Friday issued contempt notices to Noida officers Rakesh Bahadur and Sanjeev Saran for non-compliance of an order passed by a division bench of the high court on November 8 last.The notices to UP chief secretary Jawed Usmani and principal secretary industrial development Anil Kumar Gupta and others were received by the state.The order was passed by Justice Vikram Nath on a contempt petition filed by Madhav Samaj Kalyan Samiti on whose petition the said IAS officers were directed to be removed from their posts with immediate effect.The court after issuing the notices clubbed the contempt petition along with other contempt petition filed for the same cause by one Nitin Deshwar. The court will hear the contempt cases on December 20.A division bench of the Allahabad High Court had modified an order passed in a contempt case by a single judge on December 7 directing for personal presence of Jawed Usmani and Anil Kumar Gupta for non-compliance of November 8 order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17621055", "title": "City to cut cell tower radiations", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Those who have been worried about mobile phone towers being installed dangerously close to their homes, there is some reassuring news. On December 26, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) will deliberate on the matter with officials of the state department of science and technology and the urban development department. The meeting is being called to discuss the new recommendations of the central department of telecommunication (DoT) about installation of mobile towers in the vicinity of residential premises, heritage structures, schools, hospitals and dense human habitation areas.Earlier in August, the AMC had ordered a survey of most of the 1,800 mobile phone towers in the city. Many of these towers did not even figure on the estate department's map. However, in September, the department of telecommunications laid down the regulation for microwave or electromagnetic radiations, and a Specific Absorption Rate (SAR) limit of 1.6 watt/kg was set. SAR quantifies the rate at which energy is absorbed by human bodies.According to a report of the departmental committee on base station towers submitted in May this year, each antenna on a tower radiates 20 watt per sector. In a site with multiple operators, the radiated power from a single tower goes as high as 100-150 watt per sector. The committee also noted how special local by-laws were issued by Delhi and West Bengal to enforce certain precautionary measures which prevent the installation of base station antennas within the premises of schools and hospitals, as children and sick people are more susceptible to electromagnetic radiations.\"We are looking into low-radiation antennas or cells and are in contact with cellular operators,\" a senior AMC official told TOI. \"A distributed antenna system is being given serious thought in which low-radiation antennas will be installed on light poles at close intervals. We have a copy of the DoT report and will consider it while framing new regulations for our city.\"The official said, \"There are issues related to structural stability of buildings which have been ignored while installing the towers. There is little information on whether these towers are earthquake-proof or not.\"According to the new DoT norms for mobile towers which came into force from September this year, Electromagnetic Frequency (EMF) exposure limit for tower radiation was to be lowered to one-tenth of the existing levels. The new norms also mentioned that non-compliance of EMF standards would invite a penalty of Rs 5 lakh per base transceiver station per service provider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17620548", "title": "IT companies shower pregnant women with extra perks", "text": "BANGALORE: Suman Kumari will soon be joining the new moms club. Her little bundle of joy is due to arrive in January. The assistant manager in SAP is working through her pregnancy, shrugging off all doubts about juggling motherhood, work and home. SAP has assigned her a cab to bring her to work and take her home. It has even assigned her an official buddy at work under its 'Run the Mummier' programme.\"My buddy Rashmi has a five-year-old daughter. She's a great sounding board at work to discuss my mood swings and emotional down times. She talks me through the slightest of discomforts I go through,\" Suman says. Hers is a nuclear family. \"For me, it's family and SAP. I feel secure and confident, given that I have so much help at the office,\" says the 34-year-old.Vast numbers of working women in India drop out of work, in most cases because of pregnancy and motherhood.But now, with increasing pressure to retain talent and greater consciousness about the need for diversity at workplaces, companies are offering unusual perks and incentives and creating unique programmes to contain dropouts among women.\"Employers in India are increasingly recognizing the importance of creating a work environment that supports a healthy work-life balance and integrating policies and programmes to assist employees through crucial milestones in life such as child-birth,\" says Manoj Biswas, lead for HR in Accenture India.Accenture runs a unique programme called 'Hours That Help' where employees can donate their unused vacation time to their colleagues who are in need of additional paid leave to attend to critical medical or personal matters. \"Often, this option is used by new parents to attend to any critical or urgent childbirth related matters,\" says Biswas. Accenture also offers security escorts and dedicated medical cabs for expecting mothers.Google India offers a baby bonding benefit of Rs 13,650 (around $250) to young mothers soon after the child is delivered. \"There's a Rs 1.5-lakh insurance cover towards delivery-related expenses. Also, if the baby is sick or diagnosed with a problem, the new born is covered under the Rs 5-lakh general insurance scheme extended to the family,\" says Anita Nambiar, benefit lead at Google India.The company offers a Rs 75,000 infertility cover. In case of adoption, Google bears the entire adoption expenses against bills that include the legal charges and fee charged by the agency. \"The adoption benefit is extended to domestic partners that cover lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgenders,\" Nambiar says.Bhuvaneswar Naik, VP of human resources at SAP India, says there is clear evidence that maternity and childcare benefits translate into higher retention, helping firms also to develop strong women leadership benches.\"In SAP in 2007, 61 women employees on their family way went on leave and only 19 stayed back. This meant 69% of them didn't return from their maternity leave. In 2012, 134 went on maternity leave and 128 returned to work,\" he says.IBM runs a programme to train in-home caregivers or nannies on the nitty-gritty of childcare. In-home care by a maid or nanny can be a flexible and affordable arrangement, but it may also be very unreliable because they lack knowledge about childcare. In a 2010 Global Work/Life Issues Survey conducted by IBM, parents using in-home services reported the lowest satisfaction rates compared to parents whose child was cared for by a relative or in a childcare centre (49% for in-home vs. 70% for relative care and 63% for centre-based care).Till now, the company has organized 15 workshops across different locations in the country in 2011 and 2012.Yahoo , whose CEO Marissa Mayer was appointed earlier this year when she was pregnant and who returned to work within days of delivering the baby, runs a volunteer-driven Women in Tech (WiT) group that supports women across the talent pipeline and enables them to successfully enter and remain in the IT workforce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619450", "title": "Metro starts machine for card recharge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Recharging smart cards at Delhi Metro stations will no longer involve standing in long queues. As part of its digitization process, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) started operations on its first automatic recharging machine at the Central Secretariat station on Friday.A DMRC spokesperson said, \"The first 'Add Value Machine' for recharge of smart cards, developed by an Indian company as part of technology transfer from the Korean firm, was installed at the Central Secretariat Metro station today. The touchscreen based machine does not need an operator and accepts bank notes thereby recharging the smart card.\"After recharge, the machine will generate receipt showing total balance in the card, added the DMRC spokesperson, adding that only Rs 100 currency note will be accepted for now. \"This machine will help passengers get their smart cards recharged without standing in a queue at customer care centres. This machine is connected to the existing Fare Collection System of DMRC and can be monitored from the station or peration Control Centre,\" the spokesperson said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17620948", "title": "SAD chief engineering defections in PPP: Manpreet", "text": "JALANDHAR: People's Party of Punjab (PPP) president Manpreet Badal on Friday alleged that Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) president and deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal was engineering defections in his group.Releasing a CD of alleged telephonic conversations between a former leader and a present PPP functionary at a press meet here, Manpreet also said that a group of defectors from his party was holding parleys with anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare at Sukhbir's behest and that they were chalking out a plan for Anna's visit to Punjab in March.Manpreet said the recorded conversation between Arunjot Sodhi, former media in-charge of PPP who had rebelled against Manpreet, and Jagdeep Singh Jagraon, Ludhiana district unit president of the party, shows that the SAD leadership is engineering defections in PPP.In the conversation, Sodhi is heard stating that he had already talked to Anna and they were chalking out programme for his visit to Punjab. He is also heard saying that they would raise an independent front in Anna's support but would keep Manpreet out of it. Manpreet's former supporter and now Sukhbir's close aide Charanjit Brar was also apparently informed about this.Manpreet said Jadeep had engaged Sodhi in a conversation after indicating that he (Jagdeep) also wanted to desert him. \"It is clear from the conversation that Sodhi also met Sukhbir at Punjab Bhawan and the meeting was facilitated by Brar. It should not leave any doubt that who was engineering the defections and how it was being done through money and intimidation,\" Manpreet said.\"They have even tried to use Anna's movement and his influence by covertly hijacking his proposed Punjab programmes and keeping him in dark about the real intentions,\" Manpreet said.Jagdeep, who was also present at the press meet, said Sodhi had started dropping hints about weakening the PPP and that when he told this to Manpreet, \"he asked me to continue talks with Sodhi\" and record the conversation. Manpreet said the total recorded conversation was of over nine hours.Meanwhile Sodhi, who was expelled by Manpreet from the party, claimed that it was a doctored CD. He said Manpreet should issue a white paper on the funds collected by him. He admitted that they had talked to Anna and chalked out a programme for his visit to Punjab in March.Manpreet also alleged that all his telephones were being tapped. \"They are using a voice recognition sensor to know if I use any other phone numbers,\" he said.SAD secretary and spokesperson Daljit Singh Cheema said Manpreet's accusations did not deserve a comment as he had already lost his relevance. \"Manpreet should first explain his illegal and unethical act of recording a phone,\" he said while denying the allegation that the PPP leader's phones were being tapped by the government.Meanwhile, Charanjit Brar denied remaining in contact with Sodhi post his exit from PPP and joining the SAD fold. \"Why should anybody engineer a defection now when there are no elections around,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17621840", "title": "Hopes sink for dhow heritage unit", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Efforts to revive the age-old tradition of building dhows (Uru), by imparting training in heritage shipbuilding technologies have come to a halt following the decision of the governing body of the Centre for Heritage Studies (CHS) to scrap the courses and training programme conducted at the Heritage Ship Technology Unit, Beypore.The governing body citing grave irregularities in the conduct of courses and closed the unit on February 2012. The unit offered PG diploma and certificate courses on heritage ship technology at a rented building at Beypore. A temporary shipbuilding unit was also set up at Beypore for imparting training to the students.The unit was launched in 2010 with the consent of the ministry of cultural affairs to spread the glory of dhow building heritage of Beypore. Former vice-chancellor of Calicut University K K N Kurup was the director general of CHS during the commencement of the course. Forty students were enrolled in the first batch and a total of Rs 20 lakh was spent for the commencement of the courses.The governing body also decided to stop all recurring payments, except the wages to the watchman, and to terminate the service of the temporary staff.Explaining the reasons for the discontinuation of the courses, director general of CHS M G S Narayanan said CHS is a body entrusted with heritage studies. \"As we do not have the infrastructure and backing of engineering staff to carry out construction, we decided to stop the functioning of Ship Technology Unit,\" he said.It was also alleged that there was no need to open a shipbuilding centre to train students as large number of private parties own shipbuilding yards, which could have been utilized as training grounds.Meanwhile, responding to the allegation that the former governing body had appointed unqualified trainers, K K N Kurup said the entire faculty at the institute was highly qualified and competent. \"Mechanical engineers and guest faculty from National Institute of Technology and engineering colleges handled classes.\"\"O P Aandikkutty, a master craftsman of dhows who died recently and his brother Narayanan were guiding the students on the traditional aspects of dhow building,\" he said. \"Besides, a master carpenter was appointed to train students on wooden works.\"\"Whatever be the claims, the aim to retain the tradition of Beypore has gone futile thanks to the apathy of the present governing body,\" said Kurup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17620067", "title": "Poacher held with leopard skins in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The police on Friday arrested a poacher near Gol crossing Attarsuiya and recovered two leopard skins from him. The skins had been brought from Sonbhadra to be sold in Madhya Pradesh. The accused was identified as Mehboob, a resident of Robertsganj (Sonbhadra). A four-wheeler with police logo was also seized from him.District police chief Mohit Aggarwal said acting on a tip-off a police team led by ASP Rohan P Kanay was assigned to nab the smugglers. The police team swung into action and checked an Indigo car near Gol Crossing, Attarsuiya and seized two leopard skins.The accused told the police that he along with his accomplices had brought the leopard skins from Sonebhadra. Mehboob's two aides, Satyendra Kumar of Sonbhadra and Rajesh Kumar of Allahabad, however, managed to escape. The accused after killing the wild animals in the forests of Sonbhadra sold their animal skins to customers on higher rates. SSP has announced Rs 5,000 cash reward for the police team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620220", "title": "No government role in land acquisition for private hospitals, institutes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hotels, hospitals and educational institutions belonging to the private sector will no longer be eligible for land acquisition by government, implying the promoters will have to negotiate and buy land themselves.The proposed land acquisition amendment bill has removed private hotels, hospitals and educational bodies from the definition of 'infrastructure' that falls under 'public purpose' - a category entitled for acquisition by government which is a big advantage over having to buy land through private negotiations.A gazette notification in March 2012 had detailed the activities to be treated by state agencies as part of 'infrastructure'.The Union Cabinet has cleared the much-awaited legislation, paving the way for its introduction in Parliament in the last week of the winter session. While rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has set the process in motion, there are doubts if it can be passed in the remaining period which will be occupied by 'promotion quota'.The urgency over the bill is evident since Congress sees it as part of its farmer outreach. While Rahul Gandhi has made it an integral part of his political quiver, the delay in its enactment has frustrated the leadership.Congress hopes to make a statement of political intent with Ramesh's success in bringing the bill on Parliament's agenda, even if it is not passed.The race against time showed at the Cabinet meeting on Thursday when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh appeared to personally pilot the bill. He told Cabinet colleagues that the proposal had been vetted by the standing committee and the group of ministers, and should be passed. A minimal discussion saw the contentious bill through.The bill's highlight is the consent clause that mandates every private project to secure the nod of 80% landowners for the government to acquire land. Public private partnership projects would require 70% nod.There was pressure to dilute the consent clause, with key ministries arguing the provision would discourage industrialization/urbanization. However, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi vetoed the dilution.The new law will kick in with retrospective effect. Past acquisition in which either land possession has not been taken after five years, or compensation has not been paid fully, or compensation award has not been made, or has been accepted under protest, will attract the provisions of the proposed law.In a key recommendation, if government acquires land but then sells it off, 40% profit will have to be paid to the original landowners. Also, compensation and R&R; will be free of stamp duty and I-T Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619290", "title": "Nursery admissions: Points system makes parents busy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now that the nursery admission guidelines, posted on Thursday, have given schools freedom to choose the admission process and parameters for points, Kishan Singh is \"analyzing the bus routes.\" The points system has parents working out the mathematics of their chances and many don't like the odds. School authorities and parent-activist groups find themselves on opposite sides of the matter, and this year, the guidelines are in favour of the schools.Living in Narayana Vihar with few \"good\" schools he's interested in close by and no hope for sibling or alumni points - his daughter's a first-born and the family's from Lucknow - Singh has drawn up a list of 20 schools. He is not being paranoid. Mehak Bagga, based in East Patel Nagar (also west Delhi) had applied at 23 last year and failed to secure a seat for her first-born son; their family had come from Punjab. Singh's aiming for the Pusa Road ones; failing that, Punjabi Bagh ones; failing even that - and this is where bus routes come in - the Vasant Kunj ones. He will get points for first-born, for girl child and, if the schools offer such a thing, for being on the bus routes.But typically, the large amounts of points for siblings and alumni queer the pitch. As Sumit Vohra of admissionsnursery.com puts it, the nursery admission \"is like the film industry.\" \"If you don't have a parent who went to the school or an elder sibling, you can't enter,\" he says. \"Giving points for alumni is indirect screening by schools,\" he argues, \"And it discriminates between the educated and uneducated parents which RTE does not allow.\" Some schools chose to grant points even to groups like vegetarians, members of a certain sect, parents who are willing to opt for school transport. Girls get points; boys don't. One despairing parent writes on Vohra's site, \"I'm losing hope now [and] really don't want to go through this process of admission....I don't think that I will be able to make it as I will lose on girl child, sibling, alumni and on distance (all good schools are far off).\"\"The main problem is that the points for distance are very few,\" says Sreeju Krishnan, helping Singh with the process, \"The points for alumni and siblings are much more.\" \"I have a friend who lives in the same sector as the school, got full marks for distance but was still trumped by candidates with alumni and sibling points,\" says Surina Sehgal who'll be trying for her younger child, a girl, this year.Sehgal, based in Dashrathpuri, too has geography against her. There are no schools she'd want to send her kid to close enough to win her points. The distribution of \"good\" schools in the city is far from even. \"It depends on where the school sets its limits,\" she says. She is hoping for the older Dwarka schools. \"[She] won't have distance, alumni or siblings,\" but is still \"reasonably relaxed\" as her son is in a Dwarka school and her daughter stands a good chance of getting in there.Social Jurist and lawyer, Ashok Agarwal, who had filed the PIL against the points system (it'll be heard next in mid-January), has for long argued for neighbourhood - the system currently followed for EWS category - and draw of lots.Many schools do draw lots - but after dividing the seats into categories. \"They've turned it into a kind of reservation with quotas for alumni, for siblings and the management quota with a big question mark over it,\" says Agarwal. What often gets in the way of the neighbourhood system, interestingly, is parental aspiration. Agarwal is not particularly sympathetic to the parents' need to admit their kids into \"good\" - or \"branded\" - schools. Rather, he endorses the fiercely practical approach Amit Aggarwal of Janakpuri has. \"I am looking to get points for neighbourhood and for first and girl child. I am not going for brand,\" he says, \"If I do, chances will be very low.\" He had hoped the guidelines would direct schools to give more weightage to the neighbourhood criterion but no such luck.\"The approach,\" argues the lawyer, \"should be child-centric, not parent or institution-centric. In the current system, the child is not even in the picture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619999", "title": "Congress hits back at CM, slams Parsekar", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress on Friday slammed chief minister Manohar Parrikar for lashing out against its leaders and said that this shows that \"Parrikar believes only in dictatorial style of functioning and does not believe in democracy and is not open to criticism\".Briefing mediapersons at the Congress House in the city, Curtorim Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco attacked Parrikar for his \"outburst\" at Margao against Churchill Alemao , Vishwajit Rane and himself.Lourenco also said that the new facilities inaugurated at the Goa Medical College (GMC) by the BJP government on December 13 were all completed by the previous Congress government. The Curtorim MLA specifically mentioned the pay ward, the ICU, casualty , reception area and the radiography area. He said the CT scan and other equipment were ordered during the previous Congress-led government's regime.Lourenco gave full credit to the Congress government for facilities at GMC that include the new incinerator, the new CSSD, the 100-capacity morgue that is nearing completion and the five operation theatres that are also almost ready.\"It is a reality that in the last eight months, the health minister has done nothing but is only inaugurating the projects started and completed by the Congress government. By inaugurating the facilities in the GMC, the chief minister and health minister cannot take away the credit from the Congress,\" Lourenco said.Responding to Parrikar's comments against him, the Curtorim MLA said that Parrikar should not question his credentials nor his credibility. \"I have been elected by the people of Curtorim and shall continue to take up various causes pertaining to the people of Goa and my fight against illegal mining and mining sharks will continue till the Supreme Court fixes accountability and recovery from the people who have looted the state of Goa,\" Lourenco said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17620717", "title": "Suicide City does it again", "text": "BANGALORE: A woman working as personal assistant in the HR department of a newspaper group allegedly committed suicide at her Bommasandra residence in Vidyaranyapura, on Thursday night.Sudhamani Satish, 30, is believed to have taken the extreme step following alleged dowry harassment. She was three months' pregnant. Her husband, Satish, a faculty member of a junior college in Kannur, near Bagalur, returned home and found his wife hanging from the ceiling. He raised an alarm and alerted police.A suicide note written in Kannada read: \"He asks me to bring money every time. If I don't bring, I am ridiculed and asked to stop living. My parents should have checked facts before marrying us. Both our salaries are meagre.\"Sudhamani's family members said Satish regularly harassed his wife for dowry. \"Since their marriage in 2005, Satish pestered her to buy a site for him. Satish took away her salary every month,\" a family member said.Vidyaranyapura police took Satish into custody.STUDENTS END LIFETwo first-year PU students allegedly hanged themselves in the city on Thursday.Surabhi Bhat, 16, used a ceiling fan in her residence in D'Souza Nagar in Girinagar police limits. She was alone at home as her parents had gone out on some work and her younger sister was at tuition class. Her parents returned later in the night to find their daughter hanging.Police said they are yet to ascertain the reason. Her parents claimed Surabhi was usually open and responsive towards them and did not have any problems, Girinagar police said.Earlier in the evening, Harshita Anjanappa also hanged herself from the ceiling fan of her bedroom in Maruti Block, Doddabidarakallu.Harsihta, 16, a student of Government Arts College, Malleswaram, was allegedly upset over prolonged illness. Her parents had gone to work at a garment factory and her younger brother had gone to school when the girl took the extreme step.Harshita's aunt, Sharada, who stays next door, came to the house and knocked on the door. When the girl didn't respond, Sharada and some neighbours forced the door open to find Harshita hanging. She had used her mother's sari, and had not left any suicide note.Harshita's mother Prema said her daughter was under treatment for intense stomach pain. \"It would recur often, forcing Harshita to stay home. She was depressed over her health,\" Prema said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "17620837", "title": "CRPF dismantles oldest bunker in Srinagar", "text": "SRINAGAR: The CRPF on Friday dismantled its oldest bunker in Srinagar's Amira Kadal area as part of the government's efforts to reduce security forces' visibility with an all-time drop in militant violence in the state.Over 40 bunkers have been removed from across the state as part of the policy since chief minister Omar Abdullah promised to do so last year in line with the improvement in the security situation. Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde had in October said the process would continue.Around 1,600 bunkers of Army, police and paramilitary forces were established across the Valley in the 1990s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17621759", "title": "Checks to ensure \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcoutsider\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 campaigners leave before polls", "text": "VADODARA: As soon as the campaign ends on Saturday, the district police would launch an extensive search of hotels, community halls, guest houses and other such places to ensure that all outsider campaigners leave the constituency.\"Supporters or campaigners who do not belong to that particular constituency would not be allowed to stay over after the campaign ends,\" district election officer (DEO) Vinod Rao said here on Friday in a joint briefing with police commissioner Satish Sharma. Rao said that more than 50 per cent of the polling booths fell in the category of critical and vulnerable.Sharma said that over 25 companies of paramilitary forces, two companies of SRP, 2,400 personnel of Vadodara police and 800 Home Guards have been deployed to ensure peaceful elections in the city. \"In sensitive areas like Mugal restaurant, Fatehpura char raasta and Shaheed Bhagat Singh Chowk, special police deployment would be done to keep the city violence-free,\" he said.The police will be sealing the borders with Madhya Pradesh (MP) and conduct joint patrolling with their counterparts from the neighbouring state after the campaigning comes to an end. In all, 12,000 personnel of uniformed forces have been deployed in the district to ensure law and order in the run up to elections. About 15,000 civilian staff would be conducting the election process in the district.\"Nobody would have to wait for more than a few minutes outside the booths,\" Rao claimed. He said that there would be extensive patrolling during the night to prevent electoral malpractices like distribution of cash, liquor and other incentives to the voters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17620049", "title": "No-trust motion passed against Ucassaim sarpanch, deputy", "text": "MAPUSA: Ucassaim sarpanch Rajesh Dabhale and his deputy Gauravi Madgaonkar were ousted from office through a no-confidence motion that was passed against them.As both posts are now vacant, an administrator will be appointed to see the affairs of the panchayat till a new sarpanch and deputy are elected. The anti-corruption bureau of the directorate of vigilance had caught Dabale and panchayat secretary Uday Naik red-handed while accepting a bribe of 70,000 for issuing a construction license for building a bungalow in the village. A no-confidence motion was moved against Dabhale and his deputy Gauravi Madgaonkar last week as a fallout of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621301", "title": "kabaddi warms up Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: A blustery Thursday managed to keep residents cooped up indoors, much to the chagrin of the organizers and players of the Kabaddi world cup. However, weather experts have predicted that Saturday will be partly cloudy but not rainy.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), said while the rain pushed maximum temperature below normal, clouds balanced it by keeping the minimum temperature above normal.\"The rain and wind were caused by western disturbance. The city received 8.8 mm of rain. Although maximum temperature remained below normal due to rain, minimum temperature remained above normal due to cloudy weather later. However the rain and gusts of wind led to chill in the air. The forecast for the next few days suggests that although the sky will remain partly cloudy on Saturday, there will be no rain. Weather will be clear on Sunday. Minimum temperature will fall due to the clear weather but maximum temperature will register a slight increase\".That comes as good news for residents, who would have hated to miss the Kabaddi world cup. Jasjot Bawa, an engineering student of Rishi Nagar, said, \"Some news reports mentioned the possibility of rain in the city on the kabaddi world cup finals. Weather experts have held out some hope now. I am excited about the match and the prospect of watching Akshay Kumar and Katrina Kaif performing live\".Gurpreet Singh, a businessman from Model Town, also expressed relief at the forecast. \"I hope the forecast proves to be accurate and it does not rain on Saturday. With India and Pakistan battling it out, no one would want to miss the match.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620133", "title": "Civic teacher held for molesting girl", "text": "MUMBAI: A 49-year-old teacher, employed in a civic school in Borivli (E), was arrested on Friday for allegedly molesting a 12-year-old student.The victim, a class VI student, has alleged that the accused, Krishna Shankar Singh, had similarly molested at least three dozen other girls from the school. The Dahisar police will now send a team to the school in Kajupada to talk to all female students.\"The victim's mother is a political party worker and approached us with a complaint. The girls said that Singh would tell her to sit on the last bench as she wasn't well-versed with English and then, on the pretext of helping her write better, grab her hand and touch her inappropriately,\" a senior police officer said.The girl said she had witnessed Singh do the same to many of her schoolmates.Singh will be produced before a metropolitan court on Saturday. \"Our officers will visit the school on Saturday and make inquiries with all the female students as to whether any of them had to undergo a similar ordeal. If more complaints come up against Singh, we will add the statements of those girls to the victim's FIR,\" the official added.Singh has been booked under Section 354 of the Indian Penal Code for outraging the modesty of a woman. Both he and the victim reside in the western suburbs. Sources said many of the girls had complained to the school principal. The cops will make inquiries with the principal and the teaching staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17620954", "title": "Cops on hunt for cellphone Romeo", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 21-year old girl has filed a complaint against a caller with Naranpura police for harassing her on a regular basis. Suspecting it to be someone close to her, police have started analyzing some of the numbers from which the man made calls.According to police investigators, Rajal Goswami (name changed), a resident of Shastrinagar, Naranpura, works with a private company based near Vaishnodevi circle on SG Highway.Two months back, she received an SMS of 'hi' from an unidentified number. Thinking it to be someone known to her, she chatted on the number for quite a while. After sometime, she realized that it was someone unknown trying to get acquainted with her.\"The phone calls then followed where the man on other side asked her to keep on talking with him. When she refused to do so, the caller threatened to abduct her and also stated that he knew everything about her, including the details of her residence. When she pressed for some of his information, the man said that he was a resident of Mehsana and would contact her whenever he wanted to. A couple of times when Rajal's father tried to talk to the man, he disconnected it,\" said a police official.Investigators are trying to gather more information on the numbers used in the incident and suspect that it might be the girl's colleague at the workplace or someone known to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17621234", "title": "Surat upbeat over call to increase polished diamonds' market share", "text": "SURAT: Diamantaires in world's biggest diamond cutting and polishing centre in Surat have welcomed International Diamond Manufacturers' Association (IDMA) president Maxim Shkadov's suggestion to rough diamond producers to back a joint industry marketing plan for increasing the market share of polished diamonds in the world.Industry sources said there is an urgent need for the global diamond industry to come on a single platform and address the issues facing the polished diamond and diamond jewellery segments in the luxury consumer product sector. Apart from diamond manufacturers and jewellery companies, diamond miners are largely responsible for the effective marketing of diamonds as a product among the world consumers.Recently, Shkadov had lashed out at diamond miners in the world about their lack of involvement in the marketing of polished diamonds and diamond jewellery in the world.\"When the client is turned into some kind of money extraction machine, we find ourselves where we are now. Sadly, there is no real competition in the rough diamond market. But the question is why they are not stepping up to shoulder that effort?\" asked Shkadov.\"It is very important for diamond miners to step in and help the diamond industry in marketing of polished diamond and diamond jewellery. If the diamond demand is not created, the profit margins of the diamond mining companies are certainly going to be affected,\" a leading diamond manufacturer said.President, Surat Diamond Association (SDA), Dinesh Navadia said, \"We agree with IDMA president on involvement of diamond miners and mining companies' world-wide in the marketing of polished diamonds. Diamond products world-wide are taking a very tough competition with other luxury products and this is a wake up call for the global diamond industry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620153", "title": "Centre to issue advisory to prevent misuse of Section 66A of IT Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: As MPs voiced concern over recent arrests on postings on social networking sites, the government on Friday admitted in the Rajya Sabha that section 66A of Information Technology Act has been misused in some states, saying the Centre will soon issue an advisory to prevent it.\"As per our assessment, Section 66A of IT Act is being misused at several places. This is happening in many states, it's not limited to only one state,\" telecom and IT minister Kapil Sibal said.The minister said the Centre will issue an advisory under which a junior police officer in the rank of sub-inspector cannot arrest anybody till approval from a \"certain high level\".\"We are thinking on this and hopefully soon we will issue the advisory after consulting various stakeholders,\" said Sibal, adding that there was a need to educate the police and implementing agencies on the issue.As per the amended guidelines, the approval of a DCP level officer will be required to apply section 66A of IT Act.The minister also said the misuse of the provision was not rampant. \"I have with me about five instances. Now, five instances cannot suggest such a rampant misuse in a population of 1.2 billion. But, that does not mean that there is no misuse. There has been misuse,\" he said.The provisions, he said, are in line with the freedom of speech and expression and citizen's right enshrined in Articles 19 and 21 of the Constitution.Sibal said India will protect right of freedom of speech to the citizen with greater vigour than any other country.The minister also said that in his opinion as well as of the government, the use of Section 66A was not proper in the Mumbai case.There has been uproar after two girls were arrested in Mumbai in November over a Facebook post criticizing the bandh- like situation in Mumbai after Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's death.Section 66A provides for punishment up to three years for sending via electronic mail messages 'grossly offensive or of an indecent, obscene or menacing character'.The controversial provision later came under criticism in the Upper House in the when P Rajeeve of CPM said the \"draconian\" section needed to be amended as it could be misused in future. Intervening, Sibal said, \"There is no question of dilution (of the Act). We do not believe in emasculating the Act\"Rajeeve moved a resolution urging the government to amend Section 66A in line with the fundamental rights guaranteed in the Constitution and restrict its application to communication between two persons. He also asked the government to define precisely the offence covered by Section 66 A, reduce penalty imposed by this Act and make offence committed under this Act a non-cognizable offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17623466", "title": "ST bus driver dies in head-on collision with speeding truck", "text": "AURANGABAD: A 40-year-old Maharashtra State Road Transport driver identified as Devidas Budha Ingle succumbed to injuries on Friday morning while undergoing treatment at the Government Medical College and Hospital.The driver, along with six commuters and two others, was seriously injured when the ST bus he was driving collided head-on with a speeding truck near Warkhadi Bayegaon near Vadodbazar around 40 km from here on Thursday night.Nine people were seriously injured and were rushed to Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) after midnight. Four are from the same family, the Vadodbazar police added.The injured have been identified as Anil Mohanlal Kapoor (48) of Jafar Gate, Kailash Madhukar Patil (42), his wife Sangita (31), daughter Gayatri (6) and son Sanket (8), all residents of Hudco and Akbar Khan Sikandar Khan (31) hailing from Madhya Pradesh. The identity of the truck driver and the cleaner could not be ascertained as they are said to be unconscious.Police said they were trying to ascertain what happened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17621596", "title": "Tradition and technology converge at Saifai", "text": "KANPUR: The 15th annual Saifai Mahotsava was inaugurated in Etawah's Saifai village by professor Kedar Nath Singh of Jawahar Lal Nehru University amid engaging cultural performances and displays of exquisite craft works by artisans on Friday.Saifai is the ancestral village of Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav. Speaking on the occasion, Prof Kedar Nath Singh said Mulayam Singh Yadav is the hope of the country's politics in the future. \"He has served successfully as UP's chief minister and the time has come for him to play a major role in national-level politics,\" Singh said.Organised at separate venues in Saifai, the Mahotsava on the very first day witnessed the participation of more than 5000 folk-artists and craftsmen from across Etawah, Mainpuri and Auraiya districts, besides Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Chattisgarh, and Jammu &amp; Kashmir.The cultural performance began with the theme song of the festival followed by folk-dances depicting 'Brij' 'Kalbeliya', 'Lathmar Holi' and 'Mayuri,' and drummers from Bundelkhand and Rajasthan captivating the audience with their tunes.In the second half, SP supremo's daughter-in-law Aparna Yadav made her presence felt among the people of Saifai when she joined them in the recitation of bhajans in the main Saifai Pandal. She won the hearts of many with her excellent performance of 'Guru Vandana', 'Shishu Vandana' and 'Shiv Stuti,' sharing the stage with her guru Pandit Rameshwar Prasad Mishra Ji. Several artists from Mumbai were also scheduled to perform later in the night. Over 500 artisans from all over the country have put up stalls to display their craft at the festival. Local, regional, and Bollywood artistes of national repute will be giving performances at the main Saifai pandal and at Master Chandgi Ram stadium besides Chowdhary Charan Singh auditorium among other events in the coming days.While Mulayam Singh Yadav and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav welcomed the guests, many from the latter's ministry also landed to do their bit. Outside the main pandal venue, regular announcements by security personnel on loudspeakers from the control room equipped with hi-tech gadgets including CCTV cameras, and live streaming of on-stage activities on huge LCD screens made one realise that Saifai Mahotasava has gone hi-tech, and is sure to enchant visitors.\"Saifai Mahotsava is to held to preserve our folk and rural tradition and soon a day will come when it will be acknowledged not only nationally but globally,\" said Mulayam Singh Yadav to a huge round of applause.Originally, Saifai Mahotsav, conceived in 1997 by a dedicated band of youths led by Ranvir Singh Yadav and Dev Brat Gupta, was meant to be a three-day affair. It was after Ranvir's death that SP supremo gave it a facelift, celebrating it every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17620692", "title": "Valparai farmers live in fear as 150 jumbos prowl forests", "text": "COIMBATORE: People in Valparai Fear grips Valaparai as the number of elephants going on a rampage in the plantation country has shot up to more than 150.Though Friday was incident free and the herds simply moved around through tea plantations, most people stayed home. Though the forest department claims it has taken elaborate steps to mitigate the human-animal conflict, residents are fearful of possible attacks because of their rising numbers.\"Last week, there were 85 roaming here. Now, there are more than 150 elephants on a free reign in the area. They are targeting houses and public distribution centres. The forest department is not doing much to check the menace. Anti-poaching watchmen are being deployed and they have no professional training in dealing with such a huge number of elephants,\" says municipal councilor B Sudhagar. People are worried about the inadequate trained staff deployed in Valparai, he added.According to sources in the forest department, priority must be given to relocating estate workers who live in small huts close to forest areas.\"This is a huge initiative which must be jointly undertaken by the department and estate owners. Colonies of workers must be established away from forest fringes by each plantation company to avoid human causalities,\" said an officer. He also said that the entire PDS system must be revamped in the area so that elephants don't have access to the huge stocks of grains stored. About 130 forest watchers are camping in Valparai and Manompally at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17619618", "title": "1.95cr tourists visit Bihar in 10 months of 2012", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is fast emerging as a favourite tourist spot for both domestic and foreign tourists, having grabbed the top eighth position in getting the maximum number of tourists in the country in 2011. Over 1.93 crore foreign and domestic tourists visited the state against 87.50 lakh tourists coming to Bihar in 2005.\"Out of these 1.93 crore tourists, 9.72 lakh were foreigners,\" Sunil Kumar Pintu, state tourism minister, told TOI, adding, \"In 2012, according to the data sent by government of India, till October over 1.88 crore domestic and 7.93 lakh foreign tourists have visited the state.\"Incidentally, the country received nearly 70 lakh foreign tourists in 2011, which means over 10% foreigners visited Bihar as well, sources said.Bodh Gaya, Nalanda and Rajgir are the hot spots for tourists in Bihar. According to a Union tourism ministry figure, Gaya international airport receives 45,000 to 50,000 foreign tourists every year. This can be attributed to improved law and order situation in the NDA rule, the tourism minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619379", "title": "Namdhari's plea for separate vehicle denied", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has dismissed sacked Uttarakhand minorities panel chief S S Namdhari's plea for a separate vehicle to ferry him between the court and jail, where he has been lodged following his arrest for allegedly killing liquor baron Ponty Chadha's brother Hardeep.Metropolitan magistrate Gaurav Rao turned down Namdhari's request, made by his counsel R S Malik, who sought a separate vehicle for Namdhari, saying he faced threat to his life.The request was made by the counsel on Thursday, when Namdhari was produced before the court after expiry of his judicial remand. In his plea, Malik had said that other undertrials had attacked and injured his client on Thursday, when he was being brought to the court.The court had remanded Namdhari and his personal security officer Sachin Tyagi, who too has been arrested for his alleged role in the killing, to judicial custody till December 27.Ponty and Hardeep, who had an ongoing property dispute, were killed in a shootout at their Chhatarpur farmhouse here on November 17, after which the police has arrested altogether eight persons including Tyagi and Namdhari in various criminal cases linked to the incident.The court also extended the judicial custody of other arrested persons - Bhupender Singh, Uday Raj Singh, Rajpal Singh, Anand Singh Bisht, Mathura Singh Mehra and Satnam Singh, till December 27.Meanwhile, the court has sent Simranjeet Singh and Jagbir Singh, members of Namdhari's 'Khalsa Sena', to police custody till December 18. tnn\"Both of them had played an integral role in helping Namdhari and Ponty gain access and then forcibly occupy the Chhatarpur farmhouse. We are investigating whether they were also present at the Fortis Hospital when Ponty was taken there by Namdhari,\" the police told the court, while seeking their remand.All the eight accused have been booked for allegedly committing the offences of hatching criminal conspiracy, attempt to murder, dacoity, assault, Arms Act, destruction of evidence, trespass, illegal confinement and kidnapping.The police, however, booked Namdhari on charges of murder. The police had told the court that from the probe, it has been established that Namdhari has played a vital role in the conspiracy with other co-accused, who acted on his orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17619315", "title": "Curtorim gets a children's park", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that one of his dreams for Curtorim had been fulfilled, Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco inaugurated the St Alex children's park on Friday.The village panchayat of Curtorim is the only panchayat in Salcete to utilize and implement the golden jubilee grant given last year by completing its signature project of renovation and beautification of the children's park.\"This is a great initiative for the people and I am very happy that it was completed in time. The decision of the then government to sanction funds for the signature project through the golden jubilee funds made it easier for me and the Curtorim panchayat to fulfill what was not only my dream but a long pending demand of the villagers,\" said Lourenco.Block development officer Uday Prabhudesai, while speaking to mediapersons, stated that the estimates of the project came up to 5,25,295, and that the outgoing panchayat had passed the resolution last year.Lourenco assured that more features would be added at the children's park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17620741", "title": "Hard work and patience key to success: Poonia", "text": "BHOPAL: Olympian Krishna Poonia , discus thrower, visited the Sagar Public School (SPS) campus on December 11 along with her husband and coach Ravindra Poonia. Headmistress, SPS middle school, Mriduprakash Saxena informed the school about her achievements and told the students to take inspiration from her. Addressing the students the Olympian stressed that there are no shortcuts to success and urged them to learn to be patient. Poonia took the questions by the students. Sagar group CEO Siddharth Agrawal, director HRD K K Dubey and Vijay Bahadur Singh Tomar among others were present.DPS: Moulik Shrivastava and Drishan Vyas of class-XI, Delhi Public School (DPS) won the zonal 'RBI-Q' a mega quiz conducted by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on December 5 at Kolkata. Teams from six states of the west zone participated in the zonal round. The quiz was conducted at various levels and more than 3,000 schools across India participated in the quiz. Drishan and Moulik of XI-E, who represented the DPS, Bhopal won the pre-quarter and quarter final round that was held at Campion School on October 15. The national final was held on December 5. The participants were the winners and runner's up of each zone. After an exciting and tough competition DPS bagged the overall fifth position at the national level. The participants were felicitated by Dr D Subbarao, the governor of RBI, with trophy, medals and certificates.Maharshi Vidya Mandir: Maharishi Vidya Mandir, Ratanpur celebrated Human Rights day on December 10 by organizing an inter-house speech competition. The topic of the speech was \"freedom is not unlimited license to do what one wants\". The participants from each house presented their views related to the burning issues and current affairs by quoting daily life examples. One of the participants said that - one's freedom should not hurt the feelings of others. Remya Nair of Narayan House bagged the first position while Aditya Singh Thakur of Vashishth House and Ashi Malviya of Parashar House secured the second and third positions respectively.Seminar: 'Drive safe', a traffic awareness seminar was organized at the Saket Nagar campus of Sagar Public school recently. The seminar was conducted by Mohit Warwandkar from the traffic department through a detailed power point presentation. It was well attended by students, teachers and school bus- drivers, director HRD K K Dubey and Vijay Bahadur Singh Tomar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619324", "title": "Plan to shift markets hangs fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over the years, development of Delhi's biggest commercial hub, Chandni Chowk, has happened only on paper. The erstwhile MCD (now North Delhi Municipal Corporation) had planned to relocate wholesale markets of paper, chemicals etc to improve Chandni Chowk, but the shifting has been delayed.Even as a fire in Bhagirath Palace caused widespread damage on Thursday and Friday, the chemical market in Khari Baoli remains at risk from the overhead web of cables. It is another example of an old residential area being converted into warehouses, and tonnes of chemicals are stored here. Although the North corporation and Delhi Development Authority (DDA) have offered traders a new location in Holambi Kalan, they are not willing to go. Chemical traders say the new site is a \"jungle\".The process of relocating the chemical market started in 1999. Plots were allotted to 639 of 883 traders picked in draws of lots in 2002, 2005 and 2008. \"There are no roads, streetlights, water pipelines, sewerage and security. Most traders don't know which piece of land belongs to them. Land has been transferred just on paper. How can they expect us to shift our warehouses there when there is no security?'' said Sunder Gupta, a member of the Chemical Market Association.The MCD had also decided to shift 621 paper merchants to Ghazipur a few years ago, and close to 250 have started construction, but they say it is difficult to start business there. \"There is no security. We can't stock goods in the godowns,'' said Ravi Aggarwal, a paper merchant.As part of its Chandni Chowk redevelopment plan, MCD had decided to shift overhead cables underground. But the work did not start, as the power distribution company, BYPL, was not given funds by the Shahjahanbad Redevelopment Board. The project was inaugurated in August 2011 by area MP Kapil Sibal , and again by Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit in December 2011. \"But the work never started. The road where the project was to be done was transferred to PWD as it was more than 60-foot wide. Recently, it has been transferred back to us. There has been a lot of confusion,'' said an official.Traders say the civic and government agencies have only messed up the area. \"The redevelopment plan has been pending for nearly six years but traffic congestion and unauthorized construction continue,'' said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.Yogender Chandolia, chairman of North corporation's standing committee, said, \"We are now going to take up the redevelopment of Chandni Chowk seriously. The project got delayed as the road was taken away from us. But now that PWD has handed over the road, we will start the project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17621330", "title": "Murder convict hangs himself", "text": "LUDHIANA: A convict serving life imprisonment in the Ludhiana central jail hanged himself to death in a washroom on Friday drawing attention to the security inside the central jail and the treatment meted out to inmates.Lakhbir Singh alias Bobby, 47, a resident of Kotla Bhari village in Khanna was convicted for the double murder of his father Sher Singh and brother Balbir over a property dispute in 2008. The court had sentenced him to life imprisonment on December 4 this year. A note recovered form his pocket confirmed the suicide. The deceased blamed two people for not having helped him in the case. His postmortem was conducted at the civil hospital. The jail authorities informed that Lakhbir was lodged in a barrack along with 130 other prisoners. He went to the washroom at around 4am and hanged himself with a cloth tied to the ventilator.Superintendent of Ludhiana central jail S P Khanna said they were conducting an enquiry into the matter. Director general of police, prisons, is expected to visit the central jail on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17621911", "title": "Bhaya had a grudge against me: Jain", "text": "JAIPUR: Ashok Jain had links with the Congress party but when he did not get a ticket, he chose to fight as an independent candidate during elections in November 2009. Jain says that Bhaya had held a grudge against him since then and lobbied hard to turn the municipality members against him. Jain had also participated in Team Anna's agitations against corruption.Jain retained his chair with 7,243 votes against the recall. The district election officer Sumati Lal Bohra told TOI, \"A total of 10,998 votes were exercised during the voting for recall on Wednesday. The counting was held on Friday. While 3,755 voters were in favour of the recall , the others were against it. So, Jain will continue to hold the post of municipality chairman. The members will now not be able to move a no confidence motion against him for at least next two years.\"Jain has registered a win with 3,488 votes, while he had defeated his rival from Congress party with a margin of 1,465 votes during panchayat elections in November 2009. Five candidates were in the fray for the chairman's post during the elections. Jain told TOI that he had joined Aam Adami Party as a member in the party's council meeting held in New Delhi on November 24. He said about 100 party activists from all over Rajasthan camped in Mangrol for five days prior to the election for campaigning.The election for recalling an elected chairman of a municipal body was held for the first time in Rajasthan in accordance with the amendment to the Rajasthan Municipalities Act. The amendment had been passed by the state assembly in March last year.The municipality board has 20 elected members of which 17 voted against Jain during the no-confidence motion moved against him on January 4. Of the 17, 10 members were from Congress, five from BJP and one independent. The proposal to recall Jain was submitted to the district election officer. On receiving the intimation, a meeting of the board members was convened in presence of the presiding officer appointed by then district election officer Shravan Kumar on January 12. As 17 members voted against Jain, the district election officer referred the proposal to the local self government department.Jain had approached the Rajasthan HC against the proposal of recalling him saying that as the councilors of Mangrol Nagar Palika had brought a no-confidence motion in the absence of any rules, re-voting for the same position was not possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17622480", "title": "Ram Charan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Nayak teaser", "text": "Catch the much awaited teaser of Ram Charan-starrer Naayak. The makers have released the Nayak's first trailer on Friday, a coulpe of days before the audio launch. Charan looks stylish in this trailer and the expectations has already reached fever pitch. The film is almost done with the shooting and the audio is expected to be released on December 17.Click here for Nayak trailer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17623443", "title": "AMC to act against bogus doctors, pathologists", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) is gearing up to take tough action against bogus doctors practicing in the city. The Bogus Doctors Control Committee will decide the action plan in its meeting scheduled next week. The issue was raised in the standing committee meeting.Medical health officer Jayashree Kulkarni said, \"We have received complaints from people. We will take strict action against doctors who do not have legal degrees.\"The health department had received reports from some pathology labs related to false cases authenticated by fake degree holders. \"In some cases, the pathologists had misreported dengue cases. So we are now conducting a detailed survey of all the dispensaries, clinics and pathology labs in the city and checking the legality of the qualifications of the doctors,\" she said.Kulkarni said in some pathology labs, people with Diploma in Medical Lab Technology were authorising the reports. \"The committee will lodge an FIR against all such persons,\" she said.In the current year, the civic body has received information about one bogus doctor. In 2011, there were three complaints and action against them was initiated. In 2010, two cases were reported.Municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar is the chairman of the Bogus Doctors Control Committee and medical health officer is the member secretary. There are representatives from the police department and programme officers. Meanwhile, Kulkarni has asked people to help the civic body identify doctors practicing without authentic degrees. She said patients visiting the doctors must check the degrees before undergoing the treatments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17620669", "title": "Armed cops out to deter chain-snatchers", "text": "MYSORE: Concerned over the increasing number of chain-snatching cases, city cops are seeking to send a clear message to miscreants.Armed police are patrolling the city at susceptible points and have also stepped up verification of documents of two-wheelers, especially youths, because miscreants are using bikes to commit the crime. This initiative is helping, claim police sources. Cops are leaving no stone unturned to curb the crime. A senior cop said nearly 300 men have been deployed across the city round the clock.Police commissioner KL Sudheer told TOI they were also trying to create awareness among the city's women, asking them to take precautions in public places. \"We've printed pamphlets with tips on preventing chain-snatching in public places, and are distributing them to women in Mysore. A total of 10,000 leaflets have been printed,\" Sudheer said.\"We are requesting them to cover their jewellery with a sari or dupatta or if possible, pin the valuables to their clothes with a safety pin. We've also asked them to be careful when a two-wheeler comes close, and that it's better not to venture out alone after dusk and in deserted places,\" he added.Cops have ruled out that it's part of a crime syndicate and now suspect the hand of college dropouts who are taking to crime to finance their habits. Incidents of chain-snatching are increasing steadily since 2007, when the number was just above 60. In the past eleven months, 143 cases have been reported in Mysore with a majority of the cases in Vidyaranyapuram, Kuvempunagar, Jayalakshmipuram, Vijayanagar and Saraswathipuram police station limits. Last year, the city reported 141 cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621291", "title": "300 elderly walk the ramp", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh Senior Citizens Association and Chandigarh Senior Citizens Brotherhood, Sector 37, jointly celebrated their annual function at Mahajan Bhawan in Sector 37 on Friday. The function was attended by over 300 senior citizens. During the event senior citizens walked the ramp in three categories - couple, male solo and female solo.Participant V K Puri said, \"As I walked the ramp, I felt young. It was a happy moment as my grandchildren kept clapping and hooting to encourage me while I walked the ramp.\" Another participant Saroj Bhutani said, \"Organizing a ramp walk was an excellent idea as it helped bring change in our daily routines.\"In the female solo category, Ranjan Kapoor bagged the first prize, Shashi Khanna stood second and Shivjit Walia was placed third. In the male category, Devinder Singh Chaudhary won the title while S L Bhutani ranked second and J N Shastri stood third. Among the couples, S C Kapoor and Ranjana won the title while Inder Kumar Thakral and Santosh were declared runners up. Shivjit Singh Walia and Surjit Kaur were placed second runners up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17620666", "title": "'Rural mass can do BPO jobs if properly trained'", "text": "MYSORE: Indian rural mass can be offered jobs in BPOs after training them through online open-education systems, said Madan Padaki, CEO of MeritTrac Services, here on Friday.Speaking at the two-day international conference on 'Managing human resources at workplace' at SDM Institute of Management Development (SDMIMD), he said: \"With growing web-based technology and companies like Coursera offering online education systems, there is tremendous opportunity for educating the youth. Coursera, over nine months, has attracted two million entrants - 17% of them from India.\"Speaking about human resources, Padaki said it has to be viewed as human infinite potential, than just as resources. \"With increase in average life span, even 60-plus people are found energetic,\" he added.\"By 2025, the world will not be recognized as developed in technology. Instead, technology will be embedded in humans. From shallow generalist, they will become serial masters, from isolated competitor to innovative connector and from voracious consumer to impassionate producers,\" he added.About 250 academic and corporate papers will be presented during the conference. SDMIMD students are geared up to organize the track sessions to gain hands-on experience in management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17619160", "title": "'Additional 30 lakh for tiatr next year'", "text": "MARGAO: Promising to meet all the demands of the tiatr fraternity in Goa, art and culture minister Dayanand Mandrekar on Friday gave an assurance that the state government would make an additional provision of 30 lakh for tiatrists in next year's state budget. He was speaking at a function organized at Ravindra Bhavan, Margao, to commemorate the 121st birth anniversary of 'Pai Tiatrist' Joao Agostinho Fernandes.On the occasion, Mandrekar, along with deputy chief minister Francis D'Souza presented lifetime contribution awards to tiatr artistes Jessie Dias, Junior Rod, Josefina Dias, C D'Silva, Diana Fernandes, Tomazinho Cardozo, Betty Ferns, Jose Rose, August de Panchwadi, Manuel Dourado and Roseferns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17621588", "title": "Updated syllabus for Btech students in HBTI", "text": "KANPUR: Students taking admission in Hartcourt Butler Technological Institute (HBTI) will be taught according to the updated syllabus from the academic session 2013-14. This decision was taken last week when the HODs of various departments held a meeting.Purpose of updating the syllabus is to prepare the students for placement drives in the college campus. The faculty members of HBTI asserted that the students will have more job prospects if they are taught the latest syllabus that includes current trends and industry-oriented courses.The HBTI had received autonomous status four years back. The syllabus was changed then. Now, once again a need for change has been felt and the process to update it has started. The faculty members of HBTI are changing the syllabus themselves. A meeting of HODs of different departments was held on December 7 and 8 to take the final call to change the syllabus for the BTech students. A meeting of Board of Studies of all the departments has been convened. The process of changing the syllabus will begin in this meeting. This issue will also be raised in the Academic Council and will be passed therein.Prof JSP Rai, director, HBTI said the new syllabus will be meeting the needs of the students in the present times. The students taking admission in BTech first year will be taught according to the new syllabus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17621049", "title": "PIL demands publicity of 'no vote' option", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An NGO Jagate Raho has filed a PIL seeking the Gujarat high court's direction to the Election Commission to widely publicize that citizens have an option of 'no vote' against all the contesting candidates.The NGO's convener Praful Desai has contended that the EC has not taken any effort to make people make about the provision of rejecting all candidates that contest elections from a particular constituency.The bench headed by Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya sought reply from the EC, which submitted on Friday that it has issued press releases time and again for awareness among the electorate about provision of Form 49-O during polling. The bench has kept further hearing on this issue on December 20.Notice issued to Congress, GPP candidates: The Election Commission (EC) issued notices to Congress candidate from Ghatlodia Ramesh Dudhwala; Gujarat Parivartan Party's Chirag Patel and Bahujan Samaj Party's candidate for discrepancies in expenditure accounts submitted.EC officials said their accounts were showing at least Rs 2,000-5,000 less than expenses shown by election officials. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17623082", "title": "Delhi policemen to watch 'Dabangg 2' with Salman", "text": "Delhi Police personnel, who have been appreciated for their bravery and meritorious services, will watch 'Dabangg 2' with actor Salman Khan before the film's release Dec 21, police said.According to Delhi Police sources, Salman Khan will arrive in Delhi Dec 18 and would pay tributes to police martyrs.Salman Khan will watch movie with \"brave policemen\" and will meet kins of the five policemen who died during the Dec 13, 2001, parliament attack.\"The meeting with Salman Khan will be motivational for the force,\" said an officer.Earlier, a special screening of the movie 'Rowdy Rathore' was held for Delhi Police's SWAT (Special Weapon and Techniques) team with actor Akshay Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17620866", "title": "Using development for peace in Assam good approach, says Powell", "text": "GUWAHATI: US ambassador to India Nancy J Powell is impressed by the Assam government's bid to use development to bring peace to the state. She said chief minister Tarun Gogoi's approach in this area is an encouraging sign.Powell was here to inaugurate the American Business Centre and also to facilitate US companies to invest in Assam. \"I feel using development and education as a tool to resolve crisis in the northeast is a good approach,\" she said, while interacting with a group of journalists on Friday.She, however, identified security as an area that need to be addressed. \"I have come to Assam after many years, and I have seen a lot of changes and improvement. But American business delegates have to assess the ground situation for investment here. We are only facilitating US companies. But I feel the education scenario and human capital is now outstanding in the northeast.\"Powell said India and the US should work together to fight global terror. \"The US and India are victims of terrorism. Be it Mumbai, New York or the northeast, we have experienced the problem,\" she said, adding the US does not believe in the use of violence for resolving any problem.On the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA) and human rights issues, she said India has to sort out these issues itself.Saying incidences of human rights abuses do not come to the fore in many countries, she added, \"In India, reports on human rights violations are published by the country's free media, because, like the US, India also believes in democracy and the system allows the people to air their grievances.\"She said the US is against any kind of human rights violation.Powell added that biodiversity is an asset for the northeast and the region has immense tourism potential. \"Besides biodiversity, artisans and weavers can also attract attention of American tourists. As tourism is a very competitive area, the northeast has to market it well and show its hospitality,\" she said.With regard to travel advisories to US citizens visiting the region, US consul general Dean R Thompson, who accompanied Powell, said there is no adverse advisory issued at present regarding the northeast. The US ambassador also lauded the conservation efforts in Kaziranga.With regard to FDI , she said the decision to invest in Assam has to be taken by American businessmen. \"Land acquisition, power, taxation , human resources, markets and transportation are the areas US companies would like to study. The Assam government has deputed a team of experts to explain the investment opportunities here. We also encourage businessmen in Assam to invest in the US,\" Powell said.She said Gogoi spoke with them on the technology to tackle the problem of erosion by the Brahmaputra. \"We don't have anything to offer now, but we will find out if any government or private companies in the US have any expertise in tackling erosion. If we find it, we will work for transferring the technology or helping the Assam government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17620084", "title": "Cop stabbed for objecting to rash driving", "text": "UJJAIN: A policeman was stabbed after he objected to rash driving by two bikers in Ujjain on Friday evening. Two others, including cop's son, was also injured in the attack.According to police sources, Ram Naresh Yadav, 53, head constable with the Chimanganj police station, was sitting outside his house in Bapu Nagar.When two youths riding a motorbike speedily came there, Yadav expressed his displeasure over high speed of the bike and asked them not to do it. The youths, identified as Shyam Jat and Manoj Thakur, reportedly snatched cop's cane and attacked him. As the son of Yadav came to save him, the miscreants attacked the two with knives. One Dharmendra , who tried to overpower culprits, also sustained injuries.The three were first taken to the district hospital and later shifted to a private hospital.SP Rakesh Gupta told TOI that Yadav had sustained grave head injuries and his condition was critical. He could be shifted to Indore, he added. The SP said the attackers were listed goons of the area and would be nabbed soon. A case under Section 307 and others of the IPC has been registered.Photo: Constable Ram Naresh Yadav being treated at district hospital in Ujjain on Friday", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17621228", "title": "Marines know Fort Kochi better than locals", "text": "KOCHI: Italian marines - Latorre Massimilano and Salvatore Girone - maybe more familiar with the streets and places in and around Fort Kochi than many Keralites.Ever since they were granted conditional bail by the Kerala high court on May 30, the two have been staying at various hotels in the city. Currently they are staying at Eighth Bastion in Fort Kochi.The two marines go for walks in the morning and evening and know Rose Street, Princess Street and Burgher Street in the area inside out, sources say.\"They have been staying with us for the last one-and-a-half months. They don't generally interact with the hotel staff. There are Italian officials with them and they communicate with us,\" says an executive of the hotel.According to the executive, the marines used to visit local places on a regular basis. \"They exercise in the morning and spend time reading books and watching TV. \"They have been restrained from communicating with the locals and hotel staff. Besides, a team from Italy is constantly monitoring them,\" the executive adds.Officials at the commissionerate say that the Marines used to come daily around 11am to sign the register as directed by the high court while granting them bail. \"We have deployed local policemen to closely watch their activities,\" say the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17621568", "title": "Gurgaon road to shut down for 2 months", "text": "GURGAON: Golf Course Road, Gurgaon's lifeline for commuters from Delhi and NCR, is likely to be closed from Sunday for a couple of months for the construction of 6 underpasses to make it a 16-lane signal-free corridor. The state government gave its approval for the 8.3-kilometre road project connecting Gurgaon Expressway near DLF Cyber City to Golf Course Road in 2008 and set September 2014 as deadline. On a trial basis, Gurgaon traffic cops closed it for two hours on Friday to plan traffic diversions .\" The road will be closed for commuters from Bristol Chowk side to Golf Course Road on Sunday,\" said ACP (traffic) Ravinder Tomar.Another traffic official said that traffic going towards Golf Course Road from Bristol Chowk will be diverted towards Gurgaon-Faridabad Road whereas the road will be open from commuters coming from Sector 55-56 . The project will enable commuters to reach Golf Course Road from the Gurgaon toll plaza within seven minutes. The Haryana Urban Development Authority (Huda ) and DLF had decided in September 2011 to construct the road on a 50:50 cost-sharing basis and the contract was awarded to the Infrastructure Leasing &amp; Financial Services Limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17623308", "title": "Wild animal stays out of sight", "text": "AURANGABAD: Forest officials are still waiting for the forensic department to ascertain whether the animal that attacked a goat and was on the prowl in Banewadi and Golwadi area was a leopard or a hyena.A trap has been set at the Golwadi area for the animal and forest officials have camped there.Deputy conservator of forest, Aurangabad division, Omprakash Chandramore said, \"The pattern observed on the location told by the witness does not show the presence of a leopard. Leopards do not have a tendency to shed hair, hyenas do.\"Chandramore said that hair samples have been sent to forensic lab of Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (BAMU). The scratching on the calf also does not provide sufficient confirmation about the animal being leopard as they were minor, he added.Forest officials said the leopard has good adaptive capabilities and is known to stay in vicinity of human habitats.\"There have been previous incidences of leopard attacking and showing its presence near human habitat. Unlike other animals leopard shows greater adaptability towards crunching forest area, \"he said.Speaking to TOI, he said, \"Leopards usually attack animals of its own height and comparatively those with less weight. Animals like goats and other such animals weighing around 15 to 20 kg are targeted by leopards. Buffaloes and other animals of such characteristics weighing more than 50 kg or bigger than their size are usually ignored to be targeted by leopard.\"A woman was attacked by a leopard in Waluj area situated around 15 kilometres from the city last month. Chandramore said, \"Cane fields being dense, serve a good hideout for leopards. They can hide without being noticed.\"Chandramore said that the cold atmosphere in the sugarcane fields is ideal for the animal. The fields have a lot of water content and there are many animals like pigs which take care of food inside the fields.Such conditions make it friendly for the leopard and they avoid hunting outside the fields. They can hunt for goats and other domestic animals if needed, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621606", "title": "North corporatiion puts cell tower sealing on hold", "text": "NEW DELHI: North Delhi Municipal Corporation has decided to postpone sealing of mobile phone towers for a few more days. A delegation of cell-phone operators met all three municipal commissioners seeking more time either to regularize the towers or move them elsewhere.\"We have asked operators to clear dues or face sealing. Another meeting has been fixed up with nine operators on Monday. If they don't pay up, we will come down on them starting Monday evening ,\" commissioner (north) P K Gupta said.The corporation has issued sealing notices to 650 mobile towers operating illegally from various areas of north Delhi. The north Delhi commissioner ordered a fresh survey that is likely to result in an increase in numbers . North Delhi has 1,900 towers.No new sealing has taken place in south Delhi that has 1,549 illegal mobile phone towers. East Delhi, meanwhile , sealed five towers in the last one month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620062", "title": "Fond farewell for factory warehouse", "text": "MUMBAI: A beautiful dilapidated warehouse spanning 60,000 sq ft will be demolished inside the Godrej compound in Vikhroli on Sunday. In a unique hosanna to this factory space, stalwart artistes will celebrate a one-day culture fest in the empty building the day before it is razed.Saturday's event walks in the footsteps of the international trend of 'pop-ups' where spectacular installations, exhibitions or cafes spring up for a few hours and wind up, leaving a trail of memories in their wake. Rather like a flash mob that dazzles and disperses.\"That is why we have named it the Museum of Memories,\" says organiser Parmesh Shahani, who heads the Godrej India Culture Lab. Parmesh was walking to office one day when he chanced upon this beautiful ruin on the campus and was told it was up for demolition. Believing it deserved a grand farewell, he speed-dialled friends in the art world. The result is a medley of musical performances, games, live art and graffiti by the best names in the business.Artist Aditi Singh walked in first and was awestruck by the 20-ft ceiling and tall windows. \"I was reminded of stained glass windows that use natural light to advantage, and decided to prepare an artwork whose hue will deepen as the day wears on,\" she says. Sharmishta Ray has homed in on a vast column for her abstract painting.Meera Devidayal has prepared a video, while singer and songwriter Geetu Hinduja plans to perform numbers that fuse English lyrics with Sanskrit shlokas.Sanjna Kapoor and Sameera Iyengar of the theatre group Junoon \"jumped at the idea\". \"One knows of such opportunities abroad but not here. It is great to inject creativity into such spaces. And who knows what other crazy ideas come up when creative minds think and play together,\" says Sameera.Rather than enact a full-fledged play, Junoon has invited six artistes, including Sampoorna Chatterjee, Purva Naresh and Vinesh Gandhi to sing, paint, recite poetry and display photographs.Children below 13 are not permitted. \"It is a factory after all,\" Parmesh points out.If only the demolition man had a change of heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17620472", "title": "Security, restrictions eased in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: In what could be seen as contrast to the past few weeks, Old city on friday saw a marked decrease in the number of security personnel despite a large gathering of namazis at Mecca Masjid for Friday prayers. Further, police eased restrictions and informed local businessmen that they could keep their shops open until 11 pm, providing relief to people who were forced to close shop by 9 pm.Namazis were allowed to move freely towards Charminar, and barricading of roads by means of concertina wires and steel barricades was restricted to the Bhaghyalakshmi temple and the chilla inside Charminar. Further, traffic at Gulzar Houz was stopped at 1 pm as against between 12 noon and 12.30 pm in the aftermath of the November 16 violence in Old City.Vendors who were severely affected by the security measures of the police heaved a sigh of relief when they were informed that police had lifted the 9 pm deadline. \"This has given us some hope. In comparison to others, we daily wage earners have deeply been affected by trouble in Old City, our homes run on the Rs 200 earned daily as we are not salaried people,\" Mohammed Akmal, a fruit vendor said.However the Charminar monument continued to be shut for visitors between 10.30 am to 2 pm. According to sources, the once heavy tourist footfall at the historic structure has been witnessing a drop in number by almost 50 per cent. Around 3, 500 tourists visit Charminar every Friday but ticket sales on November 16 had barely crossed 200. On November 23 there was a drop in footfall by more than 50 per cent with 1500 visitors. The number increased to a little more than 2,400 on November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621713", "title": "Home secy prods DMs on Aadhaar card delay", "text": "KOLKATA: The state home secretary Basudeb Banerjee on Friday took stock of the processing of Aadhaar cards in the state and found work to be lagging behind the target. There were complaints that people whose biometric data had been collected are yet to get the card.Banerjee therefore held video conferences with district magistrates and discussed the matter with central officials so that the process is accelerated. The latter conceded that the delay was due to manpower crunch. For the UID cards one's picture along with the image of iris and fingerprints of all the ten fingers are collected. But officials are finding it difficult to get trained manpower for colleting the images of the iris and fingerprints of both hands.Besides, the officials discussed about ways to link Aadhaar card with schemes like public distribution system, MGNREGS, fertilizer and LPG subsidies as well as for housing, education and health programmes as the Centre has plans for direct cash transfer based on Aadhaar card.The state government also plans to campaign for popularizing Aadhaar card, as the demand for this biometric card is not much in the state. Officials said that in the state only 20% part of the work of this multi-utility biometric card had been achieved.The project was initially started in Howrah as a pilot and for that in Howrah only 80%of the work has been proceesed, while in Kolkata 56% work has been done and in far off districts like Malda and Cochbehar 40% work had been finished.Moreover, they talked about roadmap and timelines so that the Aadhaar card is quickly processed and rollout of cash can be smoothly carried out. The planning commission has already framed a guideline about the various schemes for the benefit of the BPL category. and how financial inclusion through individual bank accounts can be conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17621092", "title": "Party may approach state govt for space in park", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena's assurance to the Maharashtra government that the temporary structure at Shivaji Park will be dismantled by December 17 has put an end to the three weeklong spat between Matoshree and the state administration.The Sena on Friday wrote to the government and the civic administration spelling out its decision but did not lay down conditions on the samadhi issue. The party may request Mantralaya for space in the park for a permanent Thackeray samadhi, party sources said.Sena MP Sanjay Raut had written to the state government and civic administration on the party's behalf. \"The makeshift structure will be dismantled on December 17, exactly a month after Balasaheb Thackeray passed away,\" said a senior Sena functionary on Friday .Raut, whose letter is the Sena's reply to the civic notice of December 6, thanked the civic administration and Mumbai police for their 'cooperation' .The Sena's climb-down came after its CEO Uddhav Thackeray's statement that the temporary structure would be shifted from its present position. The Sena rescinded from its stand as Matoshree realized that it cannot carry out a sustained campaign on the issue. Raut's letter is seen as an extension of Uddhav's statement--a formal communication to the government indicating that the Sena is keen on ending the dispute.The samadhi row ignited tension in and around the park, leaving residents fretting and fuming, even as sainiks kept a round-the-clock vigil at the site. The controversy brought tense moments for the ruling Democratic Front and the Sena too and Uddhav had to crack the whip on senior party leaders who made provocative statements on the issue.The party's rank and file expressed displeasure with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's statement that his government would not permit the Sena to conduct any activity or undertake any construction work at the park. \"The CM should not make statements that will hurt the sentiments of the late Balasaheb's sainiks,\" a key party functionary said, adding, \"The ruling Congress-NCP should avoid making statements that will create hurdles in finding an amicable solution to the samadhi isuue.\"-- Inputs from Sanjeev Shivadekar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620382", "title": "Set up probe against ADJ: Court", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Friday asked the Chief Justice to institute a vigilance inquiry, if deemed proper, against additional session judge Manoj Kumar Shukla as to under which circumstances he had sent one Muharram Ali to jail in place of the real accused Raju Yadav. The court has asked the Chief Justice to fix the responsibility of the ADJ whether he was negligent and also take suitable actions.Muharram Ali was sent to jail, though he was not wanted in any case. On a habeas corpus petition, following the directives of the court, he was set free. On inquiry, the high court had found that Ali had colluded with the accused Raju and sureties Ram Naresh and Sumesh by impersonating himself as Raju Yadav. However, the high court was concerned that the ADJ should have verified whether the person surrendering was the real accused or not.A division bench of Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice DK Upadhyay was however irked on the conduct of the ADJ, who had appeared in the court on the direction of the bench. It had asked an explanation from the ADJ, but the ADJ reportedly got annoyed on the query and did not behave properly in the courtroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17621099", "title": "BJP to get into poll gear after Dec 21", "text": "HAZARIBAG: State BJP president Dineshanand Goswami on Friday said the party would start preparing for the next Lok Sabha and assembly elections after organizing the Hunkaar Rally scheduled for December 21 at Ramgarh.Goswami, who was here to assess the arrangements of the rally, said the event would be the \"hallmark\" of the party in which workers not only from Hazaribag and Ramgarh but from all over the state would take part to prove the strength of BJP in Jharkhand.\"Our party is aiming to win all 14 Lok Sabha seats in the next general elections and it was also one of the factors for holding the rally,\" Goswami said.The party will start preparing for the next assembly and Lok Sabha elections on the basis of the success of this rally and therefore all efforts would be made to make the rally a success. \"In this rally, the BJP will tell the people what steps the Arjun Munda-led government in Jharkhand have done for the development of the state,\" said Goswami.The other factor for holding the rally is to mobilize youths, farmers and common people. Therefore the party has decided to restructure the organization at all polling booth level in the state and get ready for any snap poll, if announced. \"The party will also emphasize on opening paddy purchasing centres in every panchayat so that the farmers can get benefit of the enhanced rate which was fixed at Rs 12.50 per kg and fetch good revenue. It will also prevent farmers from selling paddy at throwaway prices to private parties in the open market,\" he added.Asked to comment over the fate of the Munda government after completion of 28 months, particularly when the JMM claimed that this was an agreement between it and the BJP, Goswami said there was no such pact. \"Munda government will continue to function even after completion of 28 months as this government has played a very significant role for overall development of the state.\"He also hailed former Union minister Yashwant Sinha's efforts to strengthen the party in Jharkhand. \"He is one of the stalwarts of the BJP in the country who has done great service to the nation which cannot be written off by the claims of the coal and land maffia,\" said Goswami. The BJP leader also addressed the party workers and urged them to make the rally a big success to prove its might in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17619505", "title": "Cloth left behind by doctors in woman's stomach", "text": "GHAZIABAD: In what could have been a case of potentially fatal medical negligence, a cloth, allegedly left behind by doctors inside a woman's body during her child's birth, was extracted on Friday. The woman's husband said that the operation was conducted on June 25 and his wife had been complaining of stomach aches since then. The couple has filed a police complaint.Police said that the patient, Kriti, and her husband Jeetendra had gone to Anand Nursing Home in Ghaziabad's Kavi Nagar for their child's birth on June 25. However, Jeetendra said that following their child's birth his wife was afflicted by a series of stomach aches that ranged in their intensity. \"I went to the same nursing home and the doctors initially ruled it out by saying that it was a stomach infection. They prescribed antibiotics and painkillers, but couldn't tell us what was wrong,\" said Jeetendra, who works in Ghaziabad as a trader of medicine and medical equipment.However, almost six months later when Kriti's pain hadn't reduced and multiple trips to doctors had not paid any dividends, an ultrasound revealed that there was something in her stomach and doctors during exploratory surgery found a piece of cloth, said police officers.Jeetendra alleged that the piece of cloth was left behind during his wife's operation, but the doctors of the hospital denied the charges. \"We have been in the hospital since morning trying to get the doctors to answer to us. But there is no one here, the doctor who had done the operation is nowhere to be seen and is allegedly in a conference in Chennai,\" the husband said.The police said that Kriti is currently out of danger. \"An inadvertently left behind piece of cloth is quite dangerous. It can fester and grow within the body, leading to complications and moreover it can also lead to misdiagnosis and extreme operations,\" said a senior doctor of the health department.Meanwhile, police said that it was still too early to say anything conclusively. \"We will have to investigate on all possible fronts before we can take action against the hospital,\" said SP (City) SS Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17621881", "title": "Daily drink \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 drive checks till Jan 1", "text": "BANGALORE: Commuters were taken aback to see a mangled car bang in the middle of Brigade Road-Residency Road intersection on Friday evening.The car, split into two, was the result of an accident on Mysore Road last fortnight. It was put on display as part of an anti-drink-and-drive campaign in the run-up to the gala New Year's Day celebrations.Starting Friday till the new year, Bangalore traffic police will intensify patrolling and breathalyser tests on the road to keep tabs on drunk drivers.Bangalore police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said more checkpoints will be set up across the city. Police said last year, on New Year's Eve alone, three people died in road accidents from driving under the influence of alcohol. The drive is bring conducted in collaboration with WHO's 'Centre for Injury Prevention And Safety Promotion' at Nimhans.Police chief in a huffRules were clearly not followed, said police commissioner B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji. He was responding to a query about the case of Manipuri playwright Swar Thounaojam who was heckled by a mob and slapped by a traffic police constable on DVG Road last week. \"If rules had been followed, this could have been averted. When citizens don't respect authority or respond properly to them, what use is the authority?\" he said. He refused to comment on the status of investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17621771", "title": "Dec 21? World safe, says Nasa", "text": "MUMBAI: Nasa has categorically dismissed predictions that the world will come to an end on December 21, 2012.A statement issued by the American space agency written by its senior research scientist, Don Yeomans, says: \"The predictions of doomsday or dramatic changes on December 21,2012 are all false. Incorrect doomsday predictions have taken place several times in each of the past several centuries. Readers should bear in mind what Carl Sagan noted several years ago; \"extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence\" .The statement has been posted in Nasa's website.It says that the Mayan calendar does not end in December 2012. \"Just as the calendar you have on your kitchen wall does not cease to exist after December 31, the Mayan calendar does not cease to exist on December 21,2012. This date is the end of the Mayan long-count period, but then...just as your calendar begins again on January 1-another long-count period begins for the Mayan calendar,'' it says. Nasa has also pooh poohed any suggestions that a large object called Nibiru, is heading towards Earth. \"There is no credible evidence - telescopic or otherwise - for this object's existence. There is also no evidence of any kind for its gravitational affects upon bodies in our solar system,'' it says.\"There are no credible predictions for worrisome astronomical events in 2012. The Earth's magnetic field , which deflects charged particles from the Sun does reverse polarity on time scales of about 400,000 years. But, there is no evidence that a reversal, which takes thousands of years to occur, will begin in 2012. Even if this several thousand year-long magnetic field reversal were to begin, that would not affect the earth's rotation nor would it affect the direction of the earth's rotation axis - only Superman can do that,'' it states. It says the only important gravitational tugs experienced by the Earth are due to the Moon and Sun. There are no planetary alignments in the next few decades.Earth will not cross the galactic plane in 2012. Even if these alignments were to occur, their effects on the earth would be negligible . \"Each December, the Earth and Sun align with the approximate centre of the Milky Way galaxy . But, that is an annual event of no consequence,'' it states.Finally, it says: \"For any claims of disaster in 2012, the burden of proof is on the people making these claims. Where is the science? Where is the evidence? There is none,'' the statement concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17621023", "title": "Details sought on trust headed by Shanta Kumar", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Kangra district administration has issued directions seeking details on Vivekanand Medical Research Institute Trust (VMRT), which is said to be a dream project of Rajya Sabha member and National vice-president of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Shanta Kumar. It is said that action has been taken following directions from the state high court in a case questioning the state government's role and use of public donations in VMRT.Officials stated they had been directed by the health department from Shimla, were asked by the high court to provide details on VMRT. \"We have received a letter from Shimla seeking details of the in two weeks. The instructions for the same have been issued and directions have been executed. We would be providing these details hopefully within the given period of time\" said Kangra DC K R Bharti .The proposal for VMRT was mooted by Kumar in 1990s, while he was chief minister of the state. Reportedly, Shanta Kumar , who is also lifetime chairman of the trust, had also collected donations worth Rs 25 crore to bring up a 500-beded hospital. The government has also leased out land measuring about 200 karnals to the trust for a token amount of Re 1 for 99 years.Earlier this year, a local resident named Bhuvnesh Chand Sood had filed a petition in the high court questioning irregularities in the trust. In September this year, the high court had issued notices to the state government and VMRT, directing the respondents to file their replies within six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619045", "title": "Armed forces facing critical shortage of doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: The health of medical services in the armed forces is deteriorating fast with a CAG report saying attrition level of specialists is at an all-time high. Trained doctors are leaving services even after paying Rs 15 lakh as bond money which shows the \"deficiency\" in the system.The attrition level of fresh recruits through the Armed Forces Medical Services has touched an all-time high of 24% in 2010 from 3% in 2007, a review of performance of armed forces hospitals carried out the Comptroller and Auditor General has said.The CAG report, tabled in Parliament on Friday, said during 2006-2010, at least 250 specialists left the services prematurely. The maximum attrition of specialists was in the fields of anesthesiology, obstetrics, medicine and gynaecology. \"This explains high levels of deficiency of specialists in these disciplines,\" the report said.In several hospitals, there were no specialists available. During 2007-2010, of the 508 doctors commissioned, 73 opted out of service by paying the bond money of Rs 15 lakh. The report urged the armed forces to revise the bond money upwards to arrest the exodus.AFMS is an inter-services organization which functions under the defence ministry and is assisted by the directors general medical service for the Army, Navy and IAF for overseeing the functioning of the hospitals of the respective services, and is one of the critical logistics arms of the armed forces both in war and peace.Under AFMS, there are 133 military hospitals (Army 111, Navy 10 and IAF 12) of varying sizes spread across the country in addition to 90 field hospitals.There was an overall shortage of 12% medical officers (MO) in hospitals. Barring the tertiary care hospitals, deficiency existed in field hospitals (36%), peripheral (6%), mid-zonal (19%) and zonal hospitals (9%). Even among the command and specialist hospitals, the posted strength varied from (-) 25% in Udhampur to 93% in R&R; Hospital Delhi.The report has also raised concern about the local purchase of drugs. Between 2006-07 and 2010-11, local purchase of drugs increased significantly from Rs 158 crore to Rs 371 crore, a rise of 135%, against a marginal increase of 11% in allotment for central purchase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17620861", "title": "'Slow probe common in sexual abuse cases in North East'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The report of a case study conducted by some women's rights activists has expressed concern over the slow investigation process and delivery of justice to women victims of sexual violence at the hands of security forces in the \"conflict-affected\" northeastern region.The report, 'Sexual Crimes and Impunity - In Conflict Zones of Assam', a compilation of narratives of women, especially from Assam, who have suffered various form of sexual violence, was recently released in New Delhi in the presence of 50 women's rights activists, lawyers and academicians among others.\"In conflict-affected northeast India, violence ranging in different frequencies often leaves serious implications committed by both state and non-state actors. However, sexual offences committed by armed forces during counter-insurgency operations are of serious concern. These cause immense tension and the state forces are seen by the people with wariness and fear, especially in areas where counter-insurgency takes place,\" the report stated.It claimed that most of the time, cases of sexual violence are met with slow investigation and the outcome is not known to the family or the survivor. \"In a few cases, there is intervention by the judiciary or otherwise political intervention is observed,\" the report said.It added that cases resolved by the judiciary are rare, while cases about which people raise a hue and cry are often resolved by the politicians. \"Most of the instances remained unreported in order to avoid social stigma,\" the report pointed out.The report said that refusal by the police to file FIRs, politicians preventing legal proceedings on the promise of job or compensation, intentional delay in investigation and denial of justice for not being able to identify the accused are some of the prevalent practices noticed in many cases of sexual violence suffered by women in Assam.The controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act also came in for criticism in the report for shrinking the democratic space and for human rights violations in places where the legislation is in force in the northeast.\"In any armed conflict situation, different forms of crime are committed. Among these crimes, sexual crimes in armed conflicts have been always been treated with a 'forget and forgive' policy. In a way, impunity is a constant feature in sexual crimes,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17620702", "title": "Filth, squalor is a put-off at Nashik Road bus stand", "text": "NASHIK: Littering near the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) bus stand outside the Nashik Road railway station is unchecked, with the MSRTC and Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) passing the buck to clean the premises to each other.Meanwhile, the dirt and refuse thrown behind the bus stand on Nashik Road is raising a stink. About 100 m from the controller's cabin of the stand to the public lavatory has garbage piled for months.\"Beggars take the opportunity to use the dilapidated structure that once hosted a canteen for defecating and at the same time the hotel owners in the vicinity and the vendors at Railway Station also dump the refuse along the stretch,\" said Santosh Aware, a regular commuter.The controller, the drivers and the conductors at Nashik Road stand of MSRTC find it difficult to sit in the cabin given the unclean surroundings.\"The MSRTC boundary is along the constructed campus and the refuse is mostly thrown by the hotel owners and the vendors. MSRTC has nothing that generates such waste and to this extent. We are vexed about the issue and have been requesting the civic officials for action,\" officials said. At regular intervals the MSRTC employees simply burn the refuse.Railways officials on the other hand point out that the issue does not come into their area as it is not on their premises. \"The pathway and the hoardings define the boundary of the premises of railways and any vendor from railways found dumping is penalised. Hence, they do not play mischief,\" a senior official said adding that the railways was planning to build a wall to demarcate the area.The NMC's divisional officer Meena Handore simply passed the buck on to the sanitary inspector Sanjay Darade who claimed that sanitary workers were doing their duty, but the MSRTC must control the disposal.Darade has been in charge of the office for only a month. The earlier sanitary inspector TD Rathod said that during his tenure he had asked the Railways and MSRTC officials to look into the matter. \"We do clean up the area,\" the official said, adding, \"I had verbally asked MSRTC officials to take measures, but never issued any notice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619477", "title": "Pressure on Maharashtra to decide fate of bio diversity park", "text": "PUNE: Civic activists, elected members and the municipal administration have asked the state government to take a final decision on the proposed reservation for a bio diversity park (BDP) in 23 merged villages.A delegation of elected representatives recently submitted a memorandum requesting the state government to not to delay the issue further. Also a group of civic activists sent a letter to the chief minister demanding implementation of the expert committee's report in the matter.The state-appointed expert committee has recommended execution of the BDP reservation on 905.54 hectares of land spread across 23 villages. The six-member committee headed by K B Jain, dean, faculty of doctoral studies, center for environmental planning and technology, Ahmedabad, has strongly recommended that the BDP reservation - though not a zone as recommended by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) - on the hills, forest and other green areas in these villages should stay and not be cancelled.The committee recommended that the PMC should execute the BDP as a \"mission development\" since it will improve the quality of life in Pune city. A task force comprising all stakeholders from the government and from among the citizens should be set up to accomplish the mission. \"Corporate bodies may also come forward to participate in the mission,\" the committee has said.The PMC had recommended BDP zoning on 978.54 hectares spread across seven hills. The committee recommended that 73 hectares proposed under BDP zone be deleted and included in residential zone to honour \"committed development.\"The BDP committee had submitted its report on May 10 this year. The state government should now take a decision. More encroachments will come up in the proposed BDP area because the civic administration does not have sufficient mechanism to control the same,\" said a senior PMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17621182", "title": "Telangana Rashtra Samithi offers Congress \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcdefectors\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 party tickets, poll funds", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) has called upon all the elected representatives of the other political parties from the Telangana region to quit their respective parties and join the party headed by K Chandrasekhar Rao in return for which it promised to nominate them from the seats they represent at present as well as fund their poll expenses in the 2014 elections.Of the 17 MPs from the Telangana region, 12 belong to the Congress, two to the TDP, two to the TRS and one to the MIM. Of the 119 MLAs from the region, 48 belong to the Congress and 32 to the TDP. \"The main concern of the MPs and MLAs is about their political future if they quit their party and join the TRS. Since the TRS will welcome anyone who is committed to the Telangana cause, it will ensure that their existing seats are protected and their poll expenses taken care of,\" said Sravan Dasoju, TRS politburo member.Nagarkurnool Congress MP Manda Jaganatham told TOI that the TRS has made such an offer but added that they were yet to take a call on it. \"We are waiting for the outcome of the all-party meeting. If the Congress is responsive to the sentiments of the Telangana people, then there would be no question of us leaving the party. If it is otherwise, we have to decide on the future course of action based on the assessment of the situation,\" he said.TRS sources claimed that five Congress MPs and as many as 20 MLAs and seven TDP MLAs are in talks with KCR on the issue of joining his party.The Telangana party is confident that a major chunk of the Congress leaders from the region will walk out after the all-party meeting scheduled for December 28 as they are skeptical about its outcome.Manda Jaganatham (Nagarkarnool), Madhu Yashki Goud (Nizamabad), Ponnam Prabhakar (Karimnagar), G Vivekananda (Peddapalli), and S Rajiah (Warangal) are the 5 T Congress MPs in talks with the TRS. According to sources, Ponnam will be assured of retaining his Karimnagar Lok Sabha seat which is actually being eyed by KCR himself.The talks between T-Congress MPs and KCR took place in Delhi on December 4, they added. Two other T Congress MPs, Komatireddy Rajagopal Reddy (Bhongir) and Gutta Sukender Reddy (Nalgonda) are said to be moving closer to the YSR Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17620514", "title": "CM to inaugurate cultural complex", "text": "DHARWAD: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar will inaugurate the new cultural complex constructed by the Karnataka State Government Employee's Association at Naukar Bhavan in Dharwad on Sunday at 11am in the presence of ministers Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri, Basavaraj Bommai, MPs Ananthkumar, Prahlad Joshi and others.Association president Basavaraj Gurikar stated that the cultural complex has a built up area of 3,010 sq feet and is armed with the latest equipment to organize workshops, meetings and seminars.Besides, the cultural complex will also be given for the government employees and the public to hold family functions, cultural events and the like at concessional rent.The building has come up at a cost of Rs 81 lakh of which Rs 18.50 lakh has been donated by the employees and the rest from the MLA/MLC/MP's local area development fund, public donations and borrowing.The complex has a hall with a seating capacity of 800 people, besides a library, reading room, kitchen, separate drinking water facility and other amenities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hong kong", "code": "17621494", "title": "Asia's World City beckons Kolkatans", "text": "HONG KONG: Billed as 'Asia's World City', Hong Kong beckons Kolkatans, now that Dragon Air has a direct flight connecting the two cities. With the four-times-a-week service opening avenues for increasing arrivals from Kolkata, Hong Kong Tourism Board (HKTB) is actively assessing the potential of drawing tourists from the city.The board is targeting young people and families from the city to witness an array of best-themed amusements like Madame Tussauds, the Hong Kong Disneyland and captivating sceneries from Victoria Harbour.Hong Kong tourism's immediate message for Kolkatans is to rush and book a holiday to a city popular for its Christmas lights. In order to welcome the festival, the city has been beautifully decorated.With buildings, major thoroughfares and both sides of the harbour illuminated colourfully, Hong Kong resembles a galaxy of lights at night.Hong Kong is dressed up for Christmas with buildings colourfully illuminated along major thoroughfares and on both sides of the harbour, making the city a glittering, shimmering galaxy of lights at night.What strikes you most in the day is the city's eye-catching forest of skyscrapers, each taller than the other. If you need a break from the concrete all around, take a trip to Hong Kong Disneyland for a fascinating experience where you'll find all the Disney characters greeting you in traditional Hong Kong outfits.A Kolkata tourist's Hong Kong trip would be incomplete without a visit to the peak. You can travel up in style by jumping onboard the peak tram, Hong Kong's cliff railway. Once there, gawk at around 130 of the world's most famous faces in Hong Kong's Madame Tussauds. From there, don't miss the stunning 360 degree panoramic view across Hong Kong from the sky terrace atop the peak.HKTB intends leveraging on integrated tactical promotions to showcase these and other elements of 'Asia's World City' to Kolkatans. Its challenge lies in building awareness and sustaining interest to draw visitors.With Dragon Air flying Kolkatans to Hong Kong in just under four hours (3hours, 50 minutes), small businessmen who trade with Hong Kong are taking full advantage of the service. Even the Business Class loads averaged 60% in the first month of the airline's operation from the city, said Dragon Air CEO Patrick Yeung.But the airline wants more tourists on board. This is where HKTB's bid to drive more tourists from Kolkata, instead of same day or overnight visitors comes in. Over the years, Hong Kong has been a favourite holiday destination for Indian families from cities with direct connectivity to Hong Kong by Cathay Pacific and other airlines. Likewise, Dragon Air's Kolkata service actually has immense potential to add travel freak Bengalis to the guest lists of Hong Kong's hotels.Viewing India as a potential market, HKTB's continued focus on key Indian cities - Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore - has been yielding success with arrivals from the country to Hong Kong growing at 3-4% annually and recording 347,250 visitors in the first 10 months of 2012. Dragon Air's flight will add Kolkata as another focus area.(The writer was in Hong Kong recently on an invitation from Dragon Air and Hong Kong Tourism Board)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17620784", "title": "Chilika eco-tourism gets a boost", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If everything goes as per plan, Chilika, the largest brackish water lagoon in Asia will be able to attract yet more tourists soon.In the wake of the visit of Anada Tiega, secretary general of Ramsar convention, the Chilika Development Authority (CDA) hopes to develop eco-tourism. Tiega in October had released a management plan envisaging better conservation and promotion of the wetland.The CDA is hopeful its endeavours will lead to an increase of about one lakh tourists in the coming year. At present, about four lakh tourists flock to the lagoon every year.\"People of 16 villages in the area are engaged in eco-tourism activities, generating about Rs 40 crore a year. After routine and scientific monitoring of the lagoon, we will be able to generate more revenue,\" said Ajit Pattnaik, chief executive of the CDA.\"Ramsar guidelines will help develop further guidance in support of the whole ecosystem approach to wetland management at Chilika and provide an example of adaptive management practices for the wetlands. Basically, the Ramsar convention guidelines will help enhance the lake management skills and formulate policy for regular monitoring,\" said Pattnaik.The eco-system was developed in accordance with Ramsar guidelines in the first place, he said. \"In 2001, the Ramsar convention surveyed the eco-system and assessed the requirements. Since, the lagoon has emerged as a global example.On his recent visit, the Ramsar secretary general appreciated the application of various guidelines and the use of tools and approaches to address complex issues of the ecosystem,\" Pattnaik said.Chilka Lake is a brackish water lagoon spread over Puri, Khurda and Ganjam districts on the east coast covering an area of over 1,100 sq km. It is also the largest winter haunt of migratory birds on the Indian sub-continent.\"The lagoon hosts about 220 varieties of birds. Around 9 to 10 lakh birds flock here during winter. Apart from dlohin, whose number at present is 145, we have rare birds, which contribute to the eco-tourism here,\" said a CDA official.According to a survey, 45% of the birds are terrestrial in nature, 32% are waterfowl and 23% are waders. The lagoon is also home to 14 types of raptors. Around 135 rare and endangered Irrawaddy Dolphins have also been reportedly sighted at Chilika. Besides, the lagoon supports about 37 species of reptiles and amphibians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619457", "title": "Micro ATMs to help cash-for-food scheme", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the success of the UPA maha rally at Ramlila Maidan on November 4, the launch of Annshri Yojna by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on Saturday is going to be the next big push for the Sheila Dikshit government in the run-up to the assembly polls in 2013.Of the 4.87 lakh beneficiaries, 13,300 people have so far been registered with no-frills accounts and Aadhar UID numbers. In an attempt to take banking to their doorstep, the Delhi government has decided to set up Micro ATMs at all 140 NGO-run gender resource centres that have been put in charge of enrolling the beneficiaries for the cash-for-food scheme.The Congress government's mission convergence director and special secretary to the CM, Santosh D Vaidya, said the micro ATMs would be installed on Monday. \"These ATMs will identify the UID Adhaar numbers as a proof of identity and will be biometrics-enabled,\" he said.The banks associated with the project will station a banking correspondent exclusively at these centres to facilitate withdrawal of the monthly food subsidy of Rs 600. The beneficiaries will get the subsidy from April 1, 2012. The banks will also set up the biometrics facility at their branches across Delhi.Starting December 15, the lady of the house - wife, mother, eldest daughter or daughter-in-law - from families registered as a beneficiary will be able to withdraw the subsidy from her very own no-frills bank account. The government has to enroll all 4.87 lakh beneficiaries - identified as per a 2009 state survey of vulnerable households by its Mission Convergence - by March 31.The 4.09 lakh families who get ration supplies under the BPL and Antyodaya schemes will continue to get the benefit as it is. Since there is a ceiling on the number of ration card holders, Annshri Yojana will reach out to those who are vulnerable but do not hold ration cards.The scheme timing of the rollout, enrollment for which was officially launched on Gandhi Jayanti - October 2 -is critical for both the Delhi CM, who will seek a fourth term, and the Congress that's eyeing the Lok Sabha polls in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17620342", "title": "Stary dogs find care in some hands", "text": "INDORE: Not all the mongrels in the city have a poor fate. Where most of them are born, live and die uncared for, there are a few who have the luck to meet compassionate humans who provide them the requisite attention and love which any living creature needs. Here are a few Indoreans who treat these stray animals with compassion. Some also make them a part of their family without caring weather they have a pedigree or not.\"Laali had given birth to pups on the construction site of our house.There were six of them. Laali was a nursing mother so we took care of her and the pups, fed them and gave them shelter.\"This was four years ago when Ishaan Nair, a resident of Vijaynagar had found this mongrel.\"When the pupies grew up our friends took 3 of them in as their pets. But Laali and other three remained with us.\" All three are now grown up dogs with names Lily, Timon and Rambo.\"Initially the family was reluctant to keep stray dogs as pets but gradually everyone grew in love with them. In fact we feel only proud when others appreciate the idea of petting the homeless,'''says Ishan.Professor, Deepa Vanjani shares how she started to adopt stray dogs. \"As a child I was very fond of dogs, but wasn't allowed to pet one.I used to bring stray puppies at home, feed them and let them be inside the house for a while. Now when I see a dog in trouble I can't stop myself from helping them.\"\"I bring the needy dogs at home, take care of them and put them up for adoption\" said Vanjani. Once I found a paralytic dog lying on the street. I called a doctor. We could not move the dog from the spot so we treated him on the street for almost a week. After it was cured, I brought him home.It stayed with me for two years before it died.\"While for 45-year-old, businesswoman Madhumita Dey Sarkar the story is slightly different, she treats a bunch of stray dogs in her \"society'' every evening. \"I have been feeding the dogs here for the past 12 years now. I own three pedigree dogs already, so I cannot pet these mongrels full time but I consider it as my responsibility to feed these dogs. I cannot help feeling compassionate about them,\" says she.She provides them with quite a healthy diet.Mutton, chicken, eggs or milk are regular to them.\"I feed my pets with this diet, so I make sure the mongrels who are my regular guests are also well fed.\"Caption: Ishaan with street dogs in his houseEnds", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621716", "title": "Woman 'jumps off' Howrah bridge, dies", "text": "KOLKATA: A 35-year-old homemaker allegedly jumped to her death from the Howrah bridge on Friday morning, said police. The North Port police have started a probe into the death.Locals were the first to spot a sweater, a mobile phone and a pair of slippers near Pillar No. 9 of Howrah bridge and informed the police. After preliminary probe, cops found that the things belonged to Anju Kisku of Lake Town. They suspect that the woman jumped into the river around 11.45am.However, the river traffic police areyet to recover the body which might have been swept away in the high tide.Police said that Kisku lived with her husband and two children in an apartment in Lake Town. But of late she had been staying alone as her husband and children have gone to their ancestral home in Jharkhand a few days back. Neighbours said there were reportedly some family issues that were troubling the mother of two.The cops have also gone through her call records and found that Kisku had spoken to her landlady around 11.30am. The latter reportedly tried to calm her down, but the connection got snapped and she could not get in touch with Kisku again. Polie soures said that they were probing all aspects of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620570", "title": "Family held for Triplicane man's murder", "text": "CHENNAI: A 47-year-woman and her son were caught red-handed while they were trying to burn the body parts of her husband, whom she murdered on Friday morning, police said.Police recovered some parts of the man's body from bushes near Manali and some other parts which were kept in two gunny bags in their second floor house in Triplicane. The couple lived on the second floor of a three-storey building they owned on Pachaiyappan Street. Investigating officers said M Padmavathy confessed to having killed her husband V Mani, 66, as she could not handle the complaints from her neighbours and relatives about his sexual advances.On Thursday night, a woman came to her house complaining about Mani's behaviour with her child. On Friday morning, a quarrel broke out between the couple over this and an enraged Padmavathi bludgeoned him with a hammer at 8am, police said.\"She then called up her son Yuvaraj (32), a mechanic working in Kilpauk, and informed him about the incident. They chopped Mani's head, hands and legs, packed them in a gunny bag and took it to Manali on a two-wheeler to dispose it,\" an officer said. \"They bought some petrol in a one-litre water bottle to burn the body parts. While nearing Manali, Yuvraj who was looking for a deserted spot, stopped the bike on the Manali - Tiruvotriyur Road. They were setting fire to the body parts in the bushes when some passerby suspected something amiss and called police. At 3 pm, a police team rushed to the spot and found the body parts on fire.They doused the fire and took the body parts to a hospital. The mother and son, who fled the scene, were caught after a brief chase. Police said the remaining body parts were found packed in two gunny bags and kept inside the kitchen of their house in Triplicane. Padmavathy and Mani, who had been married for 40 years, have a son and a daughter. Padmavathi told police that she frequently quarrelled with her husband as he showed \"abnormal\" behaviour towards children. The quarrels worsened when Mani lost his job in a private company recently.Their neighbours said they were wary of Mani. \"I never sent my children to their house after I heard that his behaviour was not so good. His wife too had warned children not to play around her house,\" said a neighbour.Mani hardly mingled with others in the neighbourhood. He was always well dressed,\" said a tenant on the first floor. Mani's brother Janakiraman who denied the allegations, said that he was upset after he was dismissed from his job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17621094", "title": "Chavan's tough stand on memorial pays off", "text": "Reacting to Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut's letter, BMC commissioner Sitaram Kunte said, \"There are no pre-conditions . I am sure the Sena will remove the temporary structure on its own on December 18. So the prolonged row over the memorial has been resolved.'' However, Sena sources said this was just a ceasefire and the party would take up the issue of a permanent memorial within Shivaji Park with the government again.After the talks between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and the Sena's Sunil Prabhu and Subhash Desai failed on December 11, a section of senior leadacting with Kunte and had assured the BMC chief that the party would soon remove the makeshift memorial on its own. However, on Friday, Kunte informally told Sena leaders that if there was no communication in writing, he would have no option but to take action. \"Kunte made it known that he would not wait indefinitely. As a result, Raut put it down in writing in his letter,\" a senior BMC bureaucrat said.Apart from Kunte standing firm, it was CM Prithviraj Chavan who took a very tough stand on the issue of the permanent memorial, reiterating from Day One that there was absolutely no question of granting permission for this on the Shivaji Park grounds. \"We made the biggest ever exception while granting special permission to the Sena to cremate Balasaheb in the park,\" he had said.The row over Shivaji Park began on November 23 when former Lok Sabha Speaker Manohar Joshi declared that the Sena would construct a permanent memorial there, leading to the prolonged face-off between senior Sena leaders and the government. Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray, who initially distanced himself from the controversy, declared on Thursday that the temporary structure would be shifted but would be within the park itself. Senior cabinet members and highranking bureaucrats are now stunned at the Sena's unexpected climbdown. \"We feel that Uddhav may not be ready right now for any confrontation with the chief minister,'' a senior Congress minister said.Military might on showTwo-day army mela to be inaugurated by governor at 11am on Dec 15 Till 1pm, several events open to the public Free fall | Slithering from helicopters | Fly past | Riding display | Motorcycle display | Malkamb show Till 5pm, people can check out equipment, arms, tanks and other artillery weapons and interact with officials. They can visit recruitment stalls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620143", "title": "Big-bang theory an exploding myth: Narlikar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Terming the big-bang theory an exploding myth, Prof Jayant Vishnu Narlikar on Friday said that it is a misconception of people that the universe began with a big-bang. He said that nothing could be farther from the truth, when these claims are made by the cosmologists, about something called the creation. Since according to general relativity, the laws break down at the beginning of time and so it can't be explained by any scientific theory, said Prof Narlikar, adding that such case is called a singularity, but it is a weakness of the theory and does not describe the creation at all.Speaking on the topic, 'How Well Do We Know Our Universe' at Lucknow University, Prof Narlikar traced the history of understanding the universe by scholars across the world. He pointed out that from Aryabhatta, who was neglected in India to Galileo who was hauled up before the Romans, the quest for knowledge has went unabated. Prof Narlikar said that even hundreds of years before Copernicus, a scholar named Aristarchus of Samos had propounded that the Earth revolves around the Sun. \"But his views were suppressed by the then prevalent Aristotelian philosophy,\" he said. Talking on the Newton's law of gravity, Prof Narlikar said that his laws were reformulated by Einstein, who proposed that a massive object curves the nearby space time. The tracks are made such that even light travels along them, and this makes the universe expand.He further disclosed the alternative big-bang which is his own model called the Quasi stead state model. Prof Narlikar shared that the model was given by Hoyle, Burbride and Narlikar in the 1990s. \"The universe may be oscillating like pendulum in the phases of expansion and contraction eternally with no precise beginning or end,\" he said adding that the observations do not predict a big-bang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17620670", "title": "Mayor okay with cost escalation of JNNURM housing scheme to rehabilitate slum dwellers", "text": "NASHIK: The contractor of the controversial housing scheme of the Nashik Municipal Corporation to rehabilitate slum dwellers was given a clean chit by mayor Yatin Wagh on Friday.Wagh said the housing units would be handed over to the beneficiaries by March 2013 and price escalation would be given to the contractor. The cancellation of 13,000 houses would be discussed later, he added.The housing scheme has been under the scanner for several reasons. On Friday, the issue was discussed in response to a calling attention motion by corporators Sudam Kombde (MNS) and Dinkar Patil (Congress). Kombde sought to know why the beneficiaries were not identified for the housing scheme and said that a CD about the benefits of the housing scheme was not shown to them.He said that Rs 4.5 crore was given to the agency that surveyed the city for implementing the housing scheme, but it was the civic body's duty to counter check the findings. He asked for an inquiry into the alleged corruption in the scheme and its delay. Dinkar Patil asked for the housing scheme in his ward opposite Motiwala College to be shifted to Someshwar since the beneficiaries were at Someshwar.Vandana Birari (Shiv Sena) said that if the contractor was asked to speed up the work, he said that the rates had gone up in two years. The scheme was approved in 2008 and the contract given but land was not acquired due to which the deadline could not be met. The houses were to be handed over in 2012 but only 8,000 houses were constructed.Shivaji Sahane (Shiv Sena) pointed out that NMC proposed 16,000 houses for which the government gave Rs 330 crores but the number of beneficiaries under the slum rehabilitation scheme of JNNURM was only 6,000 to 7,000.\"The administration was in a hurry to get the funds without a proper study. From 16,000 the number of houses came down to 11,000. Now, 60 % funds have been used up for only 2,500 houses. For the remaining houses, a loan of Rs 330 crores will have to be taken,\" he added.City engineer Sunil Khune skirted the issue by giving general information about the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17621902", "title": "Why do you desecrate Lalbagh: HC", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday ordered maintenance of status quo over the construction of a car park zone in a five-acre area on the eastern side of Lalbagh-Siddapura gate.A division bench passed this order before adjourning to January 16 hearing on a PIL filed by advocate S Vasudeva . \"Why you desecrate Lalbagh?\" the bench queried. However, the government advocate told the court that the number of vehicles has been increasing and hence the project was undertaken.However, petitioner Vasudeva contended that authorities cannot undertake such a project in a park area.\"The Karnataka Parks, Play fields And Open Space (Prevention and Regulation) Act, 1985, is violated. They have not taken requisite permission from a competent authority . The tower built by Kempe Gowda on the eastern hillock is a protected monument and as per the Karnataka Ancient and Historical Monuments Act, no construction is permissible within a 100-metre radius,\" the petitioner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": ".chennai", "code": "17620517", "title": "Ad for vaccine against diarrhoea taken off air", "text": ".CHENNAI: Pharmaceutical major GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) has promised to withdraw a television commercial that promotes its vaccine against the diarrhoea-causing rotavirus after the content was found to contravene the Advertising Standards Council of India code.Last Friday, advertisement watchdog Advertising Standards Council of India told a Delhi-based complainant, Dr Nalini Abraham that the advertiser assured them that the rotavirus vaccine commercial, broadcast on various channels would be discontinued and modified before future release. \"The complaint has been upheld by the Consumer Complaints Cell,\" the council's secretary general Alan Collaco said in a letter to Dr Abraham. GSK officials weren't available for a comment.In her two-page complaint submitted to Collaco in July, Dr Abraham said vaccines are prescription drugs and cannot be advertised. In the past when a chicken pox vaccine was advertised, the Indian Medical Association objected to the direct-to-public advertisements and had it banned, she said.She also disagreed with contents of the advertisement that said vaccination was the only way to reduce the incidence of infection. The advertisement misrepresented facts by saying existing techniques like hand washing do not help, she said. \"There is not a single study that shows that the vaccine is effective in India to reduce either the incidence of diarrhoea or diarrhoea deaths. The vaccine may be effective against specific strains but is meaningless if it is not effective against local virus strains,\" she said. The side-effects of the vaccine are also not explained in the advertisement, she said.Rotavirus is one of the most common causes of severe diarrhoea among infants and young children. With each infection, immunity develops, and subsequent infections are less severe; adults are rarely affected.In India, an estimated 1.2 lakh to 1.5 lakh deaths are caused due to rotavirus. Experts, including senior paediatricians, have been debating on whether the vaccine should be included in the country's immunization programme. While some argue that the vaccine will bring down incidence, other say there has not been any evidence of reduced incidence of diarrhea due to the vaccine.Senior Delhi-based paediatrician Jacob M Puliyel of St Stephen's Hospital published in the British Medical Journal in November that evidence does not support inclusion of the vaccine in the immunization programme in India. He argued that organizations like GAVI supply such vaccine at a highly subsidized rate for a limited period. \"Later, the subsidy is withdrawn and poor countries have to pay the full market price. Logically, India's first priority must be to reach inexpensive established vaccines to its rural poor who are unvaccinated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17621688", "title": "Goons invade Howrah bus stand sheds", "text": "HOWRAH: Clothes, rags and bedding hang from railings and from ropes tied across two ends of the ceiling - that's the 'passenger shed' at the Howrah bus stand. Thousands of commuters who use the terminus - one of the busiest in the state - have to brave the heat or rain while waiting for their bus every day because the sheds have been occupied by anti-socials and vagabonds.\"Even if the sheds are rundown and without any seats, we could at least stand under the roofs earlier. Now, even during the hot summer months, we have to stand under the sun in the parking bay. Anti-socials have made the sheds their private property,\" said Sujit Haldar of Thakurpukur.This happens to be the condition of the terminus after it got a 'facelift' about a year ago. The Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA), its custodian, renovated and repaired the parking bays, but nothing was done to improve passenger amenities. The waiting sheds attached to each parking bay are in a shambles and have been encroached upon.Subhasis Chakraborty of Asansol, who uses the terminus every day to commute to Kolkata from the station, was once almost beaten up by some goons for arguing with them. He wanted to take shelter under the shed near the route number S12 bay. Chakraborty was chased off by a youth for touching the latter's belongings kept in the shed.\"I was feeling a little uneasy and, hence, wanted to hold on to the railing of the waiting shed. I was shocked when a youth threatened me with dire consequences for 'laying my hands on his belongings'. I tried to reason with him. But fellow commuters asked me to stay away from these goons. Can't we expect at least a waiting shed at such a huge bus terminus that would be of great relief for the old and children,\" wondered Chakraborty.KMDA CEO Vivek Bhardwaj admitted that there was a lack of passenger amenities and the need to improve the bus terminus further. \"Four years ago, we had prepared a master plan for improving traffic flow and beautifying the entire stretch around Howrah station. But we were told not to go ahead with the plan as the railways had a plan to turn the terminus into a word-class facility. Therefore, we just went ahead with some cosmetic changes. There is huge scope for improvement,\" said Bhardwaj.Stall owners at the terminus said that while some of the vagabonds living in the sheds use the place for taking drugs at night, rowdies also use the place for anti-social activities. Once the bus terminus becomes deserted at night, they have a free run.\"At night, the terminus becomes a hangout zone for anti-socials. I have seen many of them carrying bottles of liquor. No one dares to argue with them,\" said a stall owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621589", "title": "Plan follows CAG rap, sharp fall in air traffic", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apart from ADF, Delhi levies an additional user development fee (UDF) in the range of Rs 195.80 to Rs 1,068 on each incoming and outgoing flyer. The charges make Delhi one of the world's costliest airports for passengers, not to mention for airlines, which have to shell out high landingparking charges.Spurred by the developments , the aviation ministry said on October 16, \"Emphasizing on the objective to make air travel affordable and to ensure that passengers are not subjected to any extra burden, (Ajit) Singh has asked (staterun ) Airports Authority of India (AAI) to take on priority equity infusion with the purpose of abolition of ADF.\"The ministry estimated a funding gap of Rs 1,175 crore if ADF were stopped from January 1 in Delhi and directed AAI, which has 26% stake in Delhi airport, to infuse Rs 102 crore as equity towards meeting this gap. Mumbai airport charges Rs 100 and Rs 600 from each departing domestic and international flyer as ADF. The ministry expected it to face a financing gap of Rs 4,200 crore if ADF were abolished from January 1 and directed AAI to pay its share of Rs 288 crore to bridge that. While AAI agreed to pump in equity in both places, private shareholders of Delhi and GVK-backed Mumbai airports refused to bridge the funding gap through a mix of infusing equity and raising loans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17620706", "title": "37% rise in trade of illegal liquor", "text": "NASHIK: The state excise department has registered a 37% increase in cases against people manufacturing, transporting and selling liquor illegally across the district.The department officials said that they have registered 1,500 cases by the end of November, this year, while during the corresponding period last year, the cases were around 1093. The number of cases has increased by 407.Launching a drive against illegal sale, transport and manufacture of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) as well as country liquor, the department has recovered liquor, chemicals and other accessories worth Rs 1.06 crore till November this year. This also includes 37 vehicles which were seized.Superintendent of the State Excise Department, Nashik, JB Patil informed, \"We have been taking drives throughout the year to keep illegal liquor business under control. In a bid to ensure that liquor from other states is not smuggled into our jurisdiction, random drives are conducted at the entry point of district boundaries continuously.\"Commenting on the scale of illegal business involving liquor, Patil who is also in charge of Dhule district said that his team recently confiscated two containers from Palasner near Shirpur in Dhule district and recovered spirit worth over Rs 40 lakh.The said container vehicles loaded with approximately 40,000 litres of spirit filled from Aurangabad were supposed to proceed to Uttar Pradesh via Madhya Pradesh. In a bid to ensure that the spirit is not sold illegally inside the state, an escort is given to such vehicles until the state border.In this case, the escort left them at the Madhya Pradesh border on December 7 at around 5.30 am. However, after some time, the drivers of the container took a U turn and re-entered the state to unload the spirit at a place near Palasner (in Dhule district in Maharashtra). Incidentally, an excise official who had seen the containers off into MP border a few hours back sighted them near Palasner. The drivers were nabbed and the containers seized. The drivers of the containers have been released on bail by a Dhule court.Patil also informed that sale of illegal liquor was rampant. There are people, who smuggle liquor from other parts of the country and rebottle them by adulterating them and sell it in the black market.Recently the State Excise Department also cancelled licenses of two permit rooms in the district for violating norms of Bombay Prohibition Act and the process of cancelling three more is in the pipeline.The licenses of Dayanand Hotel of Sinnar and Taqdeer Hotel of Malegaon were cancelled, after both the hotels were found selling liquor brought without the transport permit (TP) from the Excise Department.Meanwhile, with the New Year celebrations drawing near, the department has launched yet another drive to curb sale and transport of illegal liquor.The state excise officials conducted 20 raids recently at Malegaon, Yeola, Kalwan, Satana and Dindori areas and recovered 70 litres of illicit liquor, 2400 litres of chemicals, 400 litres of IMFL and 200 litres of beer. During the raids 10 vehicles were also confiscated including four motorbikes. Patil said that the total worth of the goods seized was Rs 13 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17620096", "title": "Boy's post-mortem not done, Meghnagar MO under scanner", "text": "MHOW: Medical officer of Meghnagar block in Jhabua district is under scanner after parents of a youth alleged that he issued post-mortem (PM) report without actually conducting the autopsy on the body of their son, who allegedly drowned.On the directives from senior officials, the body was exhumed and sent to Indore MY hospital Indore for post mortem. To their surprise, the MY doctors didn't find scars of post-mortem on his body.The body of Jacky, 17, son of Jacob of Meghnagar, was found in a lake on October 16 this year. The body was brought to the civil hospital from where it was handed over to the boy's family and subsequently it was buried in the city. Medical officer Dr Vikram Verma had reportedly carried out the PM and had also issued the PM certificate.A few days later, when somebody told Jacob that the PM wasn't done in the civil hospital, the latter got suspicious. On this, he complained the matter to the district collector and other officials.Thereafter, it was decided to exhume the body and after exhuming, it was sent for PM to MY hospital.Dr S K Dadu, head of the forensic department of MYH examined the body and his comment was \"There were no signs of PM on the body of Jacky while there was a PM certificate issued by Meghnagar Medical officer, where the cause of his death was shown as drowning.\"Talking to TOI, Dr Dadu, said he had found that there were no signs any PM done on him. However, the cause of death is yet to be ascertained following the laboratory test reports, Dadu said. Jhabua SP Krishnaveni Desawatu said parents of youth had complained that his body was handed over without post-mortem and fake post-mortem report was prepared. For the reason, the body was sent for re-postmortem, if it is confirmed in the reports that the post-mortem was not conducted earlier then the police would take appropriate action against the doctor and officials conccerned, she added.Jhabua district chief medical officer Dr Rajni Dabar said she had not received the formal letter from the MYH and any action would be taken against those responsible only after it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620535", "title": "Transport fleets to fix doors after footboard tragedy", "text": "CHENNAI: The death of four students travelling on the footboard of a Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) bus on Monday has prompted the state machinery begin repairs on automatic doors of all buses that had them earlier. All buses to be introduced will also have doors.However, MTC officials say it is too cumbersome to fix automatic doors in the existing fleet of buses that do not have them. \"The chassis has to be redesigned and the continental valve should be altered. We will, however, make sure that those buses designed to have automatic doors will have them,\" said the official.Members of the state transport employee unions are, however, not convinced about the plan. \"Since Madras high court took up suo motu action, the management has promised something,\" said K Sekhar, general secretary of State Transport Employees Union, affiliated to CITU.Of the 3,600 MTC buses, 1,500 deluxe services and Volvo buses had come with automatic doors, but many of them have fallen into disuse. Buses with automatic doors were introduced in 2007.Police data since 2005 show a clear link between having automatic doors and prevention of fatal accidents. The number of fatal accidents due to footboard travel has fallen since the introduction of automatic doors. While 30 people travelling on footboards died in accidents in 2005, only 13 died in 2009. With poor maintenance of doors, the number has slowly started going up again. In 2010 the number stood at 21 and 28 in 2011, almost equal to the pre-automatic door period.\"Automatic doors in about 70% of the buses don't work now,\" said Sekhar. Conductors say the problem is severe on routes where students travel.Meanwhile, the Chennai Traffic Police on Friday launched a campaign on the dangers of footboard travel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17619932", "title": "Developer told to raze top six floors of Thane tower", "text": "THANE: The Thane municipal corporation (TMC) has ruled that the top six floors of the tallest commercial building in the city are illegal and has ordered the builder to demolish them. The demolition order, which has been challenged in the Bombay high court by the developer, Shree Mahavir Associates, was issued by Thane civic chief R A Rajeev, following a scrutiny of building plans early this year.\"The builder is directed to demolish part of the 10th floor and up to the 16th floor at his own cost. In case the developer fails to do so, the administration will demolish the floors and recover the money from him,\" states the municipal commissioner's order.Dev Corpora, the 16-storeyed glass-facade tower located at Cadbury junction in Thane (W), came under the TMC's scanner when the developer approached it for an occupation certificate (OC) some months ago. \"We have directed the builder to remove the top six floors and then seek approval for part of the 10th floor. Till then, the OC will be withheld,\" said Rajeev.One of the floors declared unauthorized is occupied by a company owned by local Shiv Sena MLA Pratap Sarnaik. The MLA, however, claimed the TMC's action was \"selective and an afterthought\". \"Investors and corporates purchased office space in Dev Corpora after verifying the plinth and commencement certificates. These papers clearly stated that the builder had approval for 16 floors.Then civic commissioner Nandakumar Jantre is signatory to these approvals. Now, if the TMC has developed an afterthought, the present commissioner should reimburse the loss caused to the buyers from his salary,\" Sarnaik said. A site inspection by TMC officials had revealed that the developer had usurped a portion of the land reserved for the proposed mass rapid transport system.An official inquiry had found that the builder had a permissible built-up area of 13,598 sq m, but had utilized over 17,700 sq m. The developer also loaded transfer of development rights (TDR) on the plot without deducting the area reserved for the public transport project, said the civic chief. The developer filed a writ petition in the HC against the order, saying Dev Corpora was completed according to the last approved plan. The petitioner said permissions were procured to utilize the floor space index and TDR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621539", "title": "Now, check your email for CBSE answer-sheet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come 2013, Class X students of Delhi can get their evaluated CBSE answer-sheets delivered to their inboxes in case of doubt or controversy.This will be a pilot run for the CBSE's move to digitize all answer-sheets and introduce a digital marking system to minimize errors in evaluation. The system will be extended to Class XII Board exams in 2014.A senior CBSE official said they planned to cover all 2.5 lakh Class X boards answer-sheets soon. The present system of manual evaluation of one answer-sheet by one teacher will be done away with and each answer-sheet will be evaluated by multiple teachers instead.The answer-sheets will be first converted into a digital format to give access to multiple evaluators. Each evaluator will be allotted a specific section. \"For example, a physics teacher will evaluate only the physics part of the science paper and so on. As only experts would be doing the job, the scope for error will be minimized,\" CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi said.About 50,000 students in Delhi will take the Class X board exams in 2013. So far, they could only get photocopies of their evaluated answer-sheets after the results. \"Till now, students could get photocopies within 15 days of applying for them. But 2013 onwards, they will be able to request for the evaluated copies to be emailed to them. This will save paper and time,\" Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17623184", "title": "Major reprieve for granite baron", "text": "MADURAI: Granite baron, P R Palanisamy, got a major reprieve on Friday when the Madurai bench of the Madras HC granted bail to him in 15 cases pertaining to the illegal granite quarrying scam.Palanisamy, owner of PRP Exports and PRP Granites, the two companies that are accused of looting several crores of rupees worth granite from Melur taluk in Madurai, surrendered on August 18.The granting of bail in 15 cases has brightened the prospects for Palanisamy of being released from jail, who has been lodged at the Palayamkottai central prison ever since his surrender.Though 33 cases have been registered against Palanisamy, he was arrested only in 18 cases. Of these cases, he managed to obtain bail in three cases few days back. Now that the high court has granted bail in 15 cases, Palanisamy stands covered by the bail in all the 18 cases he was arrested for. With anticipatory bail pleas for the remaining cases pending in the high court, the likelihood of Palanisamy being released, from the prison is high.On Friday, when the hearing of the bail pleas for 15 cases came up before Justice C T Selvam, Palanisamy was accused of damaging and encroaching several irrigation tanks and canals for quarrying purposes.The court was told that if he was released on bail, he would tamper the evidence that will weaken the prosecution. However, Palanisamy's counsels denied the charges.The court was also told that PRP Granites and Exports was in the granite business for the past 17 years and has been appreciated across the world. Besides, Palanisamy was an aged man and has been in prison more than three months. Hence, he should be released on bail, his advocates argued.After hearing arguments from both the sides, Justice C T Selvam granted him bail and ordered the accused Palanisamy to surrender his passport before the magistrate court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17621663", "title": "Raj official wins first ever right to recall vote", "text": "JAIPUR: The results of the first ever 'right to recall' vote exercised in Rajasthan are out and they prove how the people's mandate prevails in a democracy.Residents of the Mangrol Municipality in Baran district voted in favour of its chairman Ashok Jain who is a member of Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party. Two days after voting was held against Jain, only 34% votes were counted in favour of the recall on Friday. To nullify Jain's elected position, over 50% votes were required in favour of the recall.With Jain's victory, the voters have set aside allegations of high-headedness and misuse of chair leveled against him by members of the municipality board in Mangrol.The members of the Mangrol municipality board had passed a no-confidence motion against Jain on January 4 giving the public a chance to remove him from his elected position. However, Jain had been alleging a political conspiracy on the part of senior Congress leader and legislator from Anta constituency in Baran district Pramod Jain Bhaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17621621", "title": "IAF zone illegal constructions: MCG takes preventive steps", "text": "GURGAON: If the district authorities are to be believed, no construction activity can now take place with the restricted 900-metre zone around the Indian Air Force ( IAF) depot in the city. Gurgaon municipal commissioner Vijay Singh Dahiya called for a 'brainstorming' meeting of all district heads on Friday to discuss various methods to ensure the court order is not violated any further.On Wednesday, the high court division bench headed by Chief Justice A K Sikri had reprimanded the local authorities for failing to control encroachments and illegal constructions in the prohibited zones. In fact, the court has asked the municipal commissioner to be present in the court next Tuesday to explain his stand. Measures adopted at Friday's meeting include appointing over 100 private security guards apart from 20 policemen in the next two days to man the entire area. They are supposed to immediately inform the MCG if they come across any sort of construction activity.Also, the authorities have collectively decided to install signboards across the 900-metre area informing people about the court order and warning them that if they are found in the wrong, an FIR, along with a contempt of court case, will be registered against them. Deputy commissioner P C Meena said Section 144 of the IPC would be imposed whenever the need arises in the said area.The police department has also agreed that it will provide a platoon whenever need arises, even at night, to provide police protection to the demolition team. The bench had noted that illegal construction is still going on, especially during nighttime, in Gurgaon, and that there is no check on it from local administration.All senior MCG officials have been asked to visit the area at least twice a week. Also, the executive engineers will have to submit a written report daily to the municipal commissioner as well as the deputy commissioner that no construction activity is taking place in their respective areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "17620545", "title": "Battered boy narrates tale of abuse", "text": "HASSAN: \"I love my mother but I'm scared to go back to her.\"That's the dilemma of 7-year-old Yashas who was admitted to hospital after being beaten black and blue by his mother on Monday. He told TOI: \"She'll thrash me again and so will her brother Punith as both hate me. I'll stay with my father or grandmother.\"Recalling Sunday's incident, he said: \"I was saved by my neighbour Jaya aunty and her daughter. They took me with them and applied ointment on my face. At night, my mother took me home and made me sleep without giving me any food.\"He continued: \"Since childhood my mother would beat me for no reason at all. After she took me to my granny's place after fighting with my father in March, her brother Punith started beating me too. He'd send me to the wine shop to get liquor and also buy cigarettes. He'd burn my body with cigarette butts and at times lock me in a room and beat me with a belt.\"On Tuesday, I tried to get out of the house but my mother locked me in the house with my sister. I came out through the back door and went to grandma's house but she'd gone to work. While returning, I became unconscious and fell in the street. My neighbours gave me food.\"His grandma Rajeshwari told TOI, \"On March 22, my daughter Laxmi came to my house after fighting with her husband Sridhar. I told her many times to go back but she didn't pay attention. Punith said he'd take care of her and her kids. But he'd thrash the kids. I told him many times that he was doing a wrong thing but he ignored me. I shifted to a rented house on the same street.\"She added: \"Laxmi married my brother Shridar nine years ago. She was nice to him early on but after Yashas was born, she'd fight with him.\"Sridhar said: \"I know how to take care of my kids. After getting Yashas discharged from hospital I'll take my kids to my sister's house near Hanubal, Sakleshpur. Next year, I'll admit my son to a school in Dharwad as one of my sisters works there.\"He added: \"On Friday, I went to the police station to ask about my complaint but police haven't arrested Laxmi. Some constables said police will close the case after taking a statement from her.\" Dr Lakshmish, orthopaedic department, Hassan Institute of Medical Sciences, Hassan, said, \"The left hand had a minor bone fracture and we have put a plaster of paris cast. It'll be there for a month. The facial injuries will heal in about six weeks. We'll discharge him in a few days as he's recovering well.\"I've ordered the arrest of Laxmi on Friday itself. Policemen went to her house in the evening, but she wasn't there ,\" Amit Singh , SP, Hassan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17620441", "title": "Special programme to tackle malnutrition", "text": "DHARWAD: Dharwad district has more than 3,000 malnourished children according to pediatrician Dr Rajan Deshpande of Dharwad.Quoting the survey conducted by a government agency, Rajan said despite efforts by the government to provide nutritional food through various programmes the benefits were not reaching the target group due to lack of awareness among parents.The Dharwad based Children's Academy, in association with the district administration will implement a unique health programme from January 2013, he said.Under this, every month, 50 malnourished children will be adopted by the pediatricians who will keep a regular watch on the food habits of the child and also educate their parents. Once in a fortnight, health check-up camp will be conducted.Besides, the Academy will also be donating safe filtered water units to be used in government schools and slums. The objective of the programme is to make Dharwad a 'malnutrition-free district', he added.My baby cutestThe Vithal clinic and nursing home in Dharwad will organize a contest 'My baby is the cutest' on December 16.This will be a healthy baby contest to be held at Karnataka Vidyavardhaka Sangha from 3pm to 5.30pm. Rajan said the objective of the contest is to assess the efforts put in by the parents in bringing the babies up.Those interested to participate have to bring the immunization card. The competition will be held in four categories namely, for the children between 0-1 year, 1-2 years, 2-3 years, and 3-4 years. There will be a separate category for rural children.Karnataka State Women's University vice-chancellor Meena Chandavarkar and senior pediatrician J K Lakhani will distribute the prizes. A special award titled 'Ideal mother and baby' will be presented.Children's Academy will present the state-level 'Best Orator' award to a student who has stood first in various competitions organised across the state.This year, the award will go to Prasanna Hebbar, a Class IX student at New English School of Bhatkal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621504", "title": "24-yr-old gang-raped in Rajouri", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old woman was allegedly gangraped inside a doctor's residence in Rajouri Garden, where the victim worked as a domestic help, police said on Friday after arresting one of the accused.The accused has been identified as Gurvinder Singh alias Sheru. Two others are at large but one of them has been identified as Aman, Sheru's brotherin-law .The victim is from Jharkhand and had got employed with the doctor through a placement agency four months ago. Her employer had left for Himachal Pradesh to bring back his wife. On December 8, Gurvinder came to repair an almirah. However, finding the woman alone, he allegedly called Aman and another friend. While he and Aman raped her, another man molested her. They fled after threatening the woman not to tell anybody about the incident.Her employers got to know about the incident after returning from Shimla on Thursday and informed police. The medical examination of the woman has confirmed rape. Police have registered a case of gang-rape under sections 376 G and molestation on the basis of the victim's statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17620571", "title": "Dist lacks enough education officers", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada district is known as an education hub. However, the district has the most number of block resource persons' (BRP) and cluster resource persons' (CRP) posts lying vacant.According to the data given by Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA), seven BRP and 43 CRP posts are vacant in the district for the past two years. As many as four posts of block resource coordinators and 18 posts of integrated education resource teachers are also unfilled in the district. An officer on the condition of anonymity said that about 600 teachers' posts are vacant in the district and vacancy of BRPs and CRPs has made the jobs of existing teachers even more difficult. \"Not many people apply for BRP and CRP jobs, because they will be transferred from one place to another once in three years,\" the officer said.BRPs and CRPs are recruited to conduct training on academic subjects to government school teachers every year for 20 days. \"They also take classes as resource persons in government schools and give spoken English coaching to teachers as well as students,\" he added.N Shivaprakash, deputy project coordinator, SSA, said, a few months ago the state government had conducted exams to fill the vacant BRP and CRP posts . \"However, results are not yet announced. Within a few months at least 50 per cent of these posts are expected to be filled,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620644", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s not act of God if live wire kills: Madras HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Is it negligence of officials or an 'act of God' if a live wire, snaps when it rains and causes the death of a person?While the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) claimed it was an act of God, the Madras high court was of the opinion that the cause was more mundane. It said the authorities were at fault and awarded 3 lakh compensation to a farmer whose nine-year-old son died after stepping on a live wire.On August 15, 2010 when the country was celebrating the Independence Day, Vimal, a Class 4 student of a government school, stepped on the live wire lying on a farm in Desur village in Tiruvannamalai district and was electrocuted. Three days before the tragedy, one Punnakotti of the same village had complained to the TNEB junior engineer that the electric wire, which got snapped during rain, was lying unattended.Citing this, Vimal's father, G Ponnusamy, approached the TNEB for compensation. Rejecting the claim, the TNEB said it was not liable to pay any damages as it was an 'act of God'.Ponnusamy then moved the high court seeking compensation. Justice K K Sasidharan, before whom the matter came up for hearing, said, \"The board (TNEB) was expected to take all precautionary measures so as to avoid any kind of untoward incident. The board has got a statutory duty to maintain the live wire and other electricity system used for the purpose of transmission of electricity. It is not possible to avoid the liability by pleading that the incident was an act of God. The board, being the licencee, was expected to conduct pre-monsoon inspection for the purpose of taking preventive measures.\"Referring to the mandatory duty of the TNEB, as mentioned in the TNEB Code, to maintain transformers, transmission lines and protective equipment, Justice Sasidharan said, \"The counter-affidavit of the TNEB does not show it had done pre-monsoon inspection and maintenance work on the line and equipment. The board has not taken precautionary measures to strengthen the service lines, equipment and devices. It was only on account of such negligence that the wire got snapped. The board cannot escape the liability by pleading that it was nothing but an act of God.\"Noting that a young boy died due to the fault of the TNEB officials and their failure to take reasonable care, Justice Sasidharan directed the board to pay 3 lakh compensation to Ponnusamy with interest at the rate of 12% per annum from October 2011, before December 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17620615", "title": "OMR flyover work to begin after state fixes alignment", "text": "Two other projects were also discussed during the meeting. These were the twin-flyover and subway project on the Poonamallee High Road in Anna Nagar and the skywalk to connect nine points, including the government general hospital, the Central station and the Park Town railway station.Though the new alignment for the Anna Arch project is ready, highways officials are playing it safe. \"Given its sensitive nature, the alignment will be finalized at a high-level committee meeting. This will take it to the knowledge of the chief minister. Only then can we go ahead with our work,\" said a highways official.The alignment of the skywalk was left hanging. \"We couldn't get a concurrence from PWD and Southern Railway as no one came for the meeting,\" said the highways official. Highways department officials also rued that police rarely attended these meetings. \"All our projects make life easier not only for commuters and pedestrians but also for the police and for traffic management. They are the biggest stakeholders in these projects. Though we do traffic surveys before taking up proposals, their absence sticks out like a sore thumb,\" said a highways official. \"This is not the first time this is happening,\" he said.Some government bodies that constitute the steering committee are Southern Railway, Chennai Metro Rail Limited, Chennai Corporation, Metropolitan Transport Corporation, PWD and select non-governmental organizations like Chennai City Connect and the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy. For some projects, the detailed project reports that look at actual costs and area of land to be acquired are prepared. If the detailed project report is already ready, government orders are issued within three months after the steering committee meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621141", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDelhi visit apolitical\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Governor ESL Narasimhan dismissed the charge that he was being more political than constitutional. He also denied that he had any differences with chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy.The governor, who spent his second day in Delhi on Friday, met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde. On Thursday, the governor met Congress president Sonia Gandhi and AICC general secretary and in charge of Andhra Pradesh affairs, Ghulam Nabi Azad and Congress leader Vayalar Ravi. He was slated to meet finance minister P Chidambaram and defence minister A K Antony.Ever since Narasimhan assumed office as governor, meetings with the Congress president and other senior Congress leaders have invariably been part of his programmes in Delhi. This was not the case with earlier governors and especially when C Rangarajan was the governor. Even though Rangarajan was a frequent visitor in Delhi, his meetings never attracted public attention.The talk in Delhi and Hyderabad is that Narasimhan has been regularly submitting political reports to the Congress leaders in Delhi about developments in the state. His meetings in Delhi have attracted a lot of criticism from Telangana Congress leaders and leaders from opposition parties alike.On Friday, CPI secretary K Narayana took strong objection to the governor's meetings with the Congress president and other leaders. \"By making frequent trips to Delhi and meeting Congress leaders, the governor is behaving like a political leader. He seems to have crossed the Lakshman Rekha\", Narayana said. He criticised the governor's delay in rejecting the cabinet decision to save state minister Dharmana Prasada Rao from being prosecuted by the CBI.Narasimhan interacted with the media after meeting Shinde on Friday. When this criticism was brought to his notice, the governor said, \"It is natural for those holding public office to attract criticism.\" The governor said that there was no difference between constitutional and political behaviour. \"How can you differentiate between the two?\" he said.Narasimhan defended his meeting with Sonia and other Congress leaders. He said there was nothing wrong in meeting public personalities. When asked about his decision on the cabinet resolution rejecting the CBI prosecution against roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao, he did not comment. He said that there was no timeframe to act upon the cabinet recommendation. \"Where is the urgency?\" he asked.When asked if he had submitted any report on the state's political situation, the governor said, \"It was a routine visit. There was nothing particular in my meetings in Delhi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17621072", "title": "IIM-R looks for a peaceful shift to Namkum", "text": "RANCHI: Indian Institute of Management-Ranchi (IIM-R) has finally decided to abort its construction plan in Nagri and construct a permanent campus at Namkum, 15km from the state capital on the Ranchi-Tata highway. The construction of the boundary wall of the institute will begin in March 2013.IIM-R director M J Xavier said: \"It is likely that the construction of the boundary wall would begin in March. The decision has to be approved by the IIM-R board, which will also take a call on who the construction work should be allotted to.''IIM-R authorities have agreed to the state government's proposal to construct its permanent campus in Namkum's Rajaulatu village. The state government had recently offered the land to the premier management institute after its construction plans hit a human wall of protest and the institute lost a sum of Rs 2 crore as its boundary wall was demolished by agitating villagers. IIM-R has also lost a sum of Rs 20 crore (though temporarily) allocated for the construction of the building.Land agitation has plagued the construction of the institute's permanent campus ever since the works began. A group of villagers claimed the land was fertile and the buildings should not be constructed on the spot.The Nagri land row hogged headlines nationally as the villagers claimed that the development of buildings would drive them to starvation as it would snatch away their only source of income. Even though security personnel were deployed, it could not stop IIM-R from dropping its plans.IIM-R authorities have inspected the site in Namkum and said there will be no trouble here as it is a government-owned non-agricultural land with bushes throughout the plot.The land also does not have habitations and the authorities of the premier instsitute believe no protest will be launched against the constructon.Sources in the district administration said chief minister Arjun Munda had directed the land and revenue department to find a suitable alternative plot for IIM-R after the Nagri row intensified. Sadar SDO Amit Kumar said IIM authorities had been shown the land and they were keen to shift to the new plot.Revenue department principal secretary N N Pandey could not be reached for comments. An officer in the department said that the land would be transferred to IIM Ranchi after necessary formalities are completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621211", "title": "Dealers can register papers online", "text": "CHANDIGARH: E-registration module for commercial taxes was launched on Friday by Department of Excise &amp; Taxation Department and Society for Promotion of IT in Chandigarh (SPIC) under the aegis of Department of IT, under national e-governance plan.E-registration will be online for dealers. Now a dealer can submit all the required information and submit documents electronically for the new registration through website. After submitting the file electronically, the file will go to the particular taxation inspector (TI) of that ward and he will check all the documents and forward it to ETO electronically. Once ETO approves the file, the dealer will get TIN number along with password through e-mail.SPIC has developed this integrated application in-house which is web-based. It will reduce official-dealer interface, minimize response time, offer faster service delivery, check transaction cost and bring about more transparency and accountability. It will help online application for registration, its quick processing, submission of online response by dealers and its receipt and facilitate in tracking the status of the application over internet. After the launch of e-registration module, return and form utilization modules will also be launched once the testing and quality check are completed. As an executing agency, SPIC is carrying out recruitment of manpower and will procure the hardware and software for the implementation of this project.Secretary, Excise &amp; Taxation, UT, V K Singh said, \"The system intends to transform key processes leading to improved service delivery and build capacities among all the stakeholders to enable people delivering the services to perform better. While doing so, it adopts a service-oriented approach.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17621628", "title": "Dowry death: Father, son held", "text": "GURGAON: An engineer with a Gurgaon-based private firm and his father were arrested for the alleged murder of his wife on Friday.The victim was found hanging from a ceiling fan in Naharpur Rupa village. The victim's brother has filed a complaint with the Sadar police stating that his sister was killed as they could not fulfil their demand for more dowry.Police said 26-year-old Neelam had got married to Amit Kumar in March 2011.Police have filed case of dowry-related murder against six persons under Sections 498a, 304b, 34 of the IPC and are interrogating Kumar and his father, Dalbeer Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17621429", "title": "More than 150 jumbos roam Valparai settlements", "text": "COIMBATORE: Fear grips Valaparai as the number of elephants going on a rampage in the plantation country has shot up to more than 150. Though Friday was incident free and the herds simply moved around through tea plantations, most people stayed home. It felt like a curfew had been imposed to look at all the empty shopping areas.Though the forest department claims that it has taken elaborate steps to mitigate the human-animal conflict, residents are fearful of possible attacks because of their rising numbers.\"Last week there were 85 roaming the area. But now, there are more than 150 jumbos having a free reign in the area. They are targeting houses and public distribution centres. Other than mere lip service, the forest department is not doing much to check the menace. Anti-poaching watchmen are being deployed and they have no professional training in dealing with such a huge number of elephants,\" says municipal councilor B Sudhagar. People are worried about the inadequate trained staff deployed in Valparai, he added. Not only is the department understaffed, but it uses very traditional methods in handling elephants.\"The people here need clear directions on how to handle an eventuality. There is a lack of awareness on how to deal with situations in which elephants ransack houses and or if they are trapped in front of a herd. Just last month, a youth was killed at Chekkalmudi as he was unable to escape a herd,\" said T V George, a resident.According to sources in the forest department, priority must be given to relocating estate workers who live in small huts close to forest areas. \"This is a huge initiative which must be jointly undertaken by the department and estate owners. Colonies of workers must be established away from forest fringes by each plantation company to avoid human causalities,\" said an officer. He also said that the entire PDS system must be revamped in the area so that elephants don't have access to the huge stocks of grains stored.\"The proposal to shift the ration shops to elevated areas or on top of pillars must be implemented with utmost urgency. Elephants roam human settlements searching only for food,'' he added. About 130 forest watchers are camping in Valparai and Manompally at present. But the locals feel that there should be at least to 200 personnel deployed.\"The dry season is just round the corner and more elephants are likely to roam the area. Because of the Sabarimala season, many have migrated here from Kerala due to human presence in forests. But the number of herds will increase in January-March. Steps must be implemented soon to minimize the impact,'' said George.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17619317", "title": "Lawyers' protest brings Ghaziabad to a standstill", "text": "NOIDA: Hundreds of advocates blocked traffic for over four hours near Hindon Bridge on GT Road in Ghaziabad on Friday demanding a separate bench of the Allahabad high court in western Uttar Pradesh. Apart from Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad, lawyers from around 16 districts staged the demonstration.Courts and lawyers' chambers in Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad remained shut on Friday. All court-related work in the other three UP-NCR districts - Meerut, Bulandshahr and Baghpat - also remained suspended.Agitating lawyers said they took to the streets as their continuous demand for a separate high court bench has not materialized for over 30 years. The demand has been raised to help swiftly dispose piling litigations in the high court as also to save litigants and lawyers from incurring high expenses in appearing in hearings in Allahabad or Lucknow.\"Just two benches are not enough due to UP's huge population and size,\" said advocate Bhartendu Sharma, leader of the agitation. \"We will stage a rally at Jantar Mantar next week to put our demands to the Centre,\" added Sharma.The dharna was called off around 3pm after lawyers presented a memorandum of demands addressed to the President and the PM with the district magistrate and the SSP.Meanwhile, substantial traffic disruption was seen due to the dharna as vehicles moving between Delhi and UP on the NH-24. Vehicles were forced to move in long queues at a snail's pace. Traffic cops watched helplessly as vehicles poured onto the NH-24.\"The pontoon bridge over Hindon near Raj Nagar and the NH-24 were the only two routes through which vehicles could be diverted,\" said Kiran Yadav, SP (Traffic), Ghaziabad. \"Bottlenecks were witnessed near Lal Kuan and the Vijay Nagar crossing on NH-24. Traffic was cleared only around 6pm,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619382", "title": "Narrow lanes prolong Bhagirath Palace blaze", "text": "NEW DELHI: The fire that gutted two buildings in Bhagirath Palace, Old Delhi, on Thursday, could not be put out till late on Friday evening as firemen faced difficulties in taking their equipment to the premises through the market's narrow bylanes overhung by live wires.Fire engines had to pump water from the main Chandni Chowk thoroughfare through a 100-foot hose, as they could not be driven inside. \"It's been a day and the fire department has not been able to control the fire. The firefighters are ill-equipped and they didn't have a longer hosepipe till Friday afternoon. They have now arranged another, longer, hosepipe. They would have been able to put out the fire earlier, but with only one pipe it's impossible to control it,\" said Bal Krishan Jindal, president, Delhi Electrical Traders Association. He said the firemen had run out of water in the afternoon. \"There was not enough water and the pipe is cut at many points, so water is seeping out.\"Surprisingly, the market was partially open on Friday. \"When a fire breaks out, the area is cordoned off and the market - especially one like Bhagirath Palace, where wires are hanging loose and there is a risk of the fire spreading - is evacuated. But the market is functioning as usual and some traders are unmoved and carrying on business,\" said Sanjay Bhargava, general secretary, Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal.Fire department chief AK Sharma told TOI the operation was taking long as they had not found space to puncture the building. \"The roof of the building has tilted, and if we puncture, the building will collapse. Traders are spreading rumours about shortage of water and hosepipe. Since no lives are involved, we aren't risking our firefighters as well. We are suppressing the flames from above and in front. There are highly inflammable goods stored inside and the foundation of the building has weakened due to the 24-hour-long fire. The building may come down any moment,\" said Sharma.But the traders said there is no underground water supply for emergency cases. \"The whole area - Chandni Chowk market, Bhagirath Palace and other nearby markets - is deprived of underground water supply. Water tankers are coming in to control the fire. It is pathetic to see the laxity of the fire department,\" said Bhargava.The building was smouldering till the time of going to press. However, officials said they hoped to put it out during the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17621058", "title": "Deputy CM launches 108 rural schemes", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Sudesh Mahto said the present government was determined to develop the state by implementing projects in remote areas so that poor people can be benefited.Mahto, the president of All Jharkhand Students Union (Ajsu) Party, said this after making online inauguration and laying of foundations of 108 schemes worth over Rs 42 crore in Hazaribag, Koderma, and Chatra districts of the North Chotonagpur division at a function organized at the St Columba's College ground here on Friday.He said the schemes, which were either inaugurated or started, were irrigation-oriented for which the forest department had taken up construction of check dams by tapping the rivulets to provide irrigation as well as drinking water facilities.\"The Konar irrigation project for irrigating 55,000 hectares at Vishnugarh block in Hazaribag district which was taken up in 1977 but could not be completed because of various factors will be taken up after 35 years for fulfilling the dreams of the farmers,\" he said, adding that he inspected the project and sanctioned Rs 42 crore to complete it.Mahto further said all the schemes which were launched on Friday for the development of the region would be regularly monitored by him.The deputy CM announced that this year the state government had taken up construction of 8,000 km of roads mainly in the rural areas for linking every village having population of 250 or more with the block headquarters. Of the 8,000-km, 500 km of roads will be constructed in Hazaribag zone.\"If communication system improves, the area will be developed and the Maoist activities in the state be checked.\"Earlier, Mahto inaugurated the \"panchayat mahila sashaktikaran abhiyan\" of the North Chotonagpur division in Hazaribag. Addressing the elected women panchayat representatives, he said his aim was to provide full powers to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619498", "title": "Lawyer killed, found naked in office", "text": "NEW DELHI: At 8.30pm on Wednesday, well-known lawyer and tax consultant Subhas Gupta told his wife Veena over phone that he would be home within the next 45 minutes. Almost four hours later, his frantic family members opened his locked office to find a nightmarish sight: a dead Gupta lying naked on the floor, his hands and feet tied and his mouth gagged with thick tape. He was bleeding from his nose and ears and his mobile phone, wallet, car keys and jewellery were missing.The 57-year-old Gupta was district governor of Delhi Lions Club and a former president of the Delhi Tax Bar Association. He was also the serving chairman of the Indraprastha Ramlila Committee and general secretary of the local RWA.His office, in room number 101 on the first floor of Surana Bhawan, is right next to the Laxmi Nagar Metro station. A case of murder has been registered at the Shakarpur police station.\"Gupta left home around 10am on Thursday. Around 4.30pm, he left the Income Tax Department and went back to his office. Around 6pm, he asked his manager to buy Hyderabadi biryani from Old Delhi for a Pakistani delegation who were being hosted by the Lions Club. Gupta asked his manager to go home after ensuring he delivered the food. He also asked his attendant and clerk to leave by 8.15pm. He always kept his car keys and office keys on the table and locked his office himself,'' said Gupta's friend, Suresh Bindal. He added that Gupta told Veena he would not go to the club and would have dinner with her at the house.When Gupta did not return till 11 pm, his worried family started calling him up but found his mobile switched off. They also called up friends and relatives, to no avail. His two younger brothers - who stay in the same house at Shanti Vihar near Karkardooma in east Delhi - then rushed to his office along with his son, Satish, who is pursuing his CA, and Bindal. \"His brother Rajeev noticed his car parked outside but his office locked. We would have lodged a missing case had we not noticed the car. We called the building's manager, who opened the door with duplicate keys. Subhas seemed to have been hit on his head with a heavy object,\" said Bindal.\"The assailants seem to have had a friendly entry inside the office. His three employees had left by 8.15pm before he made the final call to his wife at 8.30pm. He was lying dead with his face on the floor when he was found,\" said additional DCP (east) Asif Mohammad Ali.The police is surprised that no one in the commercial building located near the a busy intersection of east Delhi noticed the murderers. \"We have collected CCTV footage from nearby areas and the Metro station. We are checking call details but nothing concrete have been found. We are certain a known acquaintance is behind the murder,'' said an officer.Besides his son Satish, Gupta had two daughters -Divya and Kavita - both married. \"He was like a father figure and head of the family. He had no enemies. We have no clue who could be behind the murder,'' said his brother-in-law Pramod Aggarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621728", "title": "No legal dispute over skyscraper land: Lawyer", "text": "KOLKATA: Advocate Debanjan Mandal of Fox and Mandal, solicitors for Chowringhee Residency Pvt Ltd, has claimed that the news article 'Skyscraper project in legal tussle' published in The Times of India, Kolkata, on December 12, 2012, is incorrect and not an accurate report of the pending legal proceedings.It had been reported that months after Calcutta high court dismissed a petition by Chowringhee Residency Pvt Ltd against Kolkata Municipal Corporation for sanction of a building plan in respect to premises No 42B, Chowringhee Road, Kolkata, another writ petition is pending in Allahabad high court and that the land belongs to the state government being declared excess by the competent ceiling authority.According to Mandal, the property was purchased by their client's predecessors in pursuant to orders passed by the Supreme Court (dated October 15, 1987) and Calcutta high court (on June 11, 1993 and July 9, 1993).\"There can be no cloud over the manner of purchase of the said property through court process. Recently, some third parties initiated proceedings in Allahabad and obtained an order of status quo in respect to the said property. The said order of status-quo was, however, vacated on May 31, 2012, by an order passed by the civil judge (senior division), Allahabad. Our client has filed legal proceedings in Allahabad high court for quashing of all litigations initiated on the basis of what they have claimed is a forged decree. Judgment on this writ petition is reserved. This is contrary to your report that while work is underway on the property, Allahabad high court is examining 'status of the land'. This is far from the truth,\" Mandal said.He has also objected to the portion that mentioned that Calcutta high court dismissed a petition filed by their client against Kolkata Municipal Corporation. \"This is incorrect reporting of legal proceedings. Upon our client being granted sanction of building plan by KMC, the writ petition became infructuous as the reliefs prayed for were granted to our client. The same has accordingly been withdrawn at our client's instance and order dated September 21, 2012, was passed,\" Mandal added.Mandal has also refuted the fact that the land belongs to the state government and was declared excess by the competent ceiling authority. According to him, the competent authority under the Urban Land (Ceiling and Regulation) Act, 1976 vide its certificate dated October 29, 2010, has granted its no objection to their client's development in respect to entire premises No 42B, Chowringhee Road, Kolkata. \"This would demonstrate beyond doubt that property is not vested as claimed in your report,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17621805", "title": "Vadodara boy to play in school national hockey tourney", "text": "VADODARA: A class 11 student of Don Bosco High School has been selected for Gujarat hockey squad in the school national games hockey tournament. Peter Thomas has been selected for the U-19 hockey tournament that has been organized by Sports Authority of Gujarat in Ludhiana. The tourney will begin on December 18 and end on December 23.Peter earlier attended a pre-national training camp at Limdi from December 5 to December 14 and he left for Ludhiana on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620846", "title": "Many don't know of 103 police helpline", "text": "MUMBAI: Fifty per cent of women in Mumbai are unaware of 103 - the police helpline for women, children and senior citizens in distress.Not surprising then that there are more calls about street fights and fracases to the number.In November 2011, women's NGO Akshara carried out a survey among 5,000 women to know if they had heard about the number and which public place they found most unsafe.\"Fifty per cent of the women said they had not heard of the number and 65% of the women surveyed said they found crowded buses and bus stops the most unsafe. This was followed by crowded railway platforms,\" said Nandita Gandhi, co-director , Akshara.Launched more than four years ago, the workstation at the main control room in the city police commissionerate gets, on an average, 10 calls a day from women seeking help.\"All these calls pertain to domestic violence, sometimes physical but, more often, mental harassment. The women often call seeking advice on what they should do. Since the police cannot resolve cases of mental harassment, we provide them with numbers of NGOs, lawyers and the family court where they can seek redressal . Complaints of sexual harassment are very rare,\" said a woman police officer who mans the number. Currently, there are two workstations in the main control room to man the number 24 hours; the rest are for 100.\"Overcrowding is one of the principal reasons for sexual harassment in public spaces. But even a deserted street is equally unsafe. Th ere has to be a balance for women to feel sa fe,'' said Gandhi. Often women do not complain about sexual harassment, not knowing whom to approach or where to complain.\"If the number were widely publicized, it would certainly help women as it is meant for preventive action,'' she said. Currently, the number is publicized on the sides of 2,000-odd police patrol vehicles and on the back of the BEST bus. \"The government should make it mandatory for TV channels to carry social messages as corporate social responsibility.\"Women police officials said while 100 was ingrained in people's minds, this was not the case with 103. \"Better publicity will certainly help us reach out to the genuinely needy,'' one said, adding that sensitizing school and college students to such a facility would certainly help.In September, Akshara trained BEST's master trainers on how to handle sexual harassment on buses, who, in turn, will now train the bus conductors. Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime), said 103, on an average, received 30,000 calls a year. \"It is a specialized service that ensures immediate response. We would be happy if all women are aware of the number and we shall focus on giving it more publicity.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621693", "title": "Man arrested for loan fraud", "text": "KOLKATA: The city police on Friday arrested a fraud, who posed as a bank officer and allegedly doctored a cheque of a paltry sum into a big amount to withdraw it subsequently.The victim, a railway employee, had lodged a complaint with the Girish Park police station. Finally, the detective department took up the case and arrested the accused, Sunil Kumar Agarwal. Police suspected that he has committed a series of such crimes with police seizing a number of cheques of other persons from his possession.Probe revealed that Sunil Kumar Agarwal, a resident of Shib Krishna Daw Lane in Phoolbagan, posed as Uttam Sinha, assistant general manager (liabilities) of a nationalized bank, United Bank of Indiaand approached people who required loans. Asim Mukherjee, a railway employee and based in Silchar, was looking for a loan and Sunil, along with his henchman, travelled to Silchar in August to meet him.For a personal loan of Rs 5 lakh, Agarwal asked for three cheques - Rs 15,000 as processing fee, Rs 450 for CIBIL check (to ascertain whether he has defaulted earlier or not) and another for Rs 225. All these were issued on a private bank. ICICI bank cheques.A few days later, Mukherjee found that Rs 4,44,500 were withdrawn from his account against the cheque of Rs 450.When he did a cross-check with the nationalized bank, he came to know none called Uttam Sinha was working there. He checked with the SBI and found none of this name is there in the liability department of UBI.And when his call to Sinha's number remained unanswered, he lodged a complaint with the Girish Park Police on September 4. He could even call at the number of Sinha's phone. He then lodged a complaint with Girish Park police station on September 4. Finally, the detective department took up the case.Sleuths from the detective department's bank fraud section tracked the cheque's movement and found that it was encashed against a nationalized bank's account at Anandpur branch. The cash was withdrawn by Agarwal from the ATM. Soon after, he went underground. Finally, he returned home on Friday and was arrested.Police seized several doctored cheques from him. They suspect that there are several people involved in the racket. Police are also checking whether Sunil has any link with any banks.Agarwal was found to be aware of the intricacies of a bank's internal works. He was remanded in police custody till December 24. after he was produced before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17620438", "title": "3 with gold worth Rs 2.75 cr held", "text": "BELGAUM: Shahapur police on Thursday arrested three persons who were carrying 9.6 kg of gold worth Rs 2.75 crore.Three persons were seen moving around in a suspicious manner at Danegalli road in Shahapur police station limits. When the trio tried to catch an auto, police who were watching them arrested them. Kantilal, 30, Bharath Shah, 45, and Jeyesh, 30, all from Mumbai, said that they had come to Belgaum to distribute gold ornaments to their customers. However, they did not possess any documents pertaining to the gold. So Shahapur police have booked a case of unclaimed property.The trio said that they reached Belgaum on Wednesday with 11.5kg gold. Till Thursday evening they had managed to distribute 2 kg of gold in Belgaum. Apart from the gold, police have also seize cash Rs 1.74 lakh from the trio. Shahapur police have booked case under CRPC 41/D. They have been remanded to judicial custody till December 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17620832", "title": "India-China border row: US sticks to McMahon Line", "text": "GUWAHATI: US ambassador to India Nancy J Powell on Friday said the US still adopts the 1962 policy of recognizing the McMahon Line regarding the India-China border dispute. She, however, said the US does not position itself in the dispute.Interacting with newsmen here on Friday, Powell said she recognizes Arunachal Pradesh as an integral part of India. On China's repeated claims that Arunachal Pradesh as its territory, Powell said, \"This is an issue between India and China. It has to be resolved bilaterally by the two countries.\" She added that the US always encourages talks between India and China on all issues.Commenting on China's rise as a global power, Powell said the US does not consider China's fast economic and military growth as a cause of rivalry. \"We don't think it is a rivalry. The US will continue to work with China, along with other friendly countries. We are for investing in China and engaging them in trade,\" she added. She said the US has good relations with China and have a lot of investment in that country. She, however, said India's own interests are similar to that of the US as both countries believe and practice democracy.Powell said the geo-political situation in South and South-East Asian region has changed now and the India's northeast region has become an important area. \"With Myanmar opening up and trade links with Bangladesh improving, the northeast today is at a critical juncture,\" she added.\"The northeast joins the ASEAN countries with the Indian sub-continent. It is a geographical junction of the new silk route,\" said Powell, explaining how the NE region has become very crucial for trade ties between India and ASEAN countries. The NE region will benefit from trade and development, she added.On reports of India's neighbours funding and sheltering NE rebels, the US ambassador said India can work with its neighbours to resolve the problem. \"Enhancing economic relations and trade links can help in bringing peace to the region,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17623383", "title": "Uddhav to visit Aurangabad on Sunday", "text": "AURANGABAD: Shiv Sena executive president, Uddhav Thackeray, will arrive here on Sunday to refresh his links with party workers in Marathwada region. Thackeray would also set in motion a future course of action to be followed by party workers, said Aurangabad MP, Chandrakant Khaire on Friday.\"People have begun to raise question about future of Shiv Sena. Thackeray will definitely reply to their, especially of party activists' doubts during his tour. He will exchange views with the party workers at the regional level convention here,\" Khaire said, while speaking to newsmen here on Friday. \"We as well as people believe in the leadership of Uddhav Thackeray. He has already carved a niche for himselfin Maharashtra politics as well as outside the state.He is capable enough to lead the party to victoryin forthcoming assembly elections,\" Khaire said. It would be Uddhav's first visit to the city after the death of Shiv Sena supremo, Balasaheb Thackeray . The party activists had wanted to meet him, but could not get an opportunity in Mumbai where lakhs of people had gathered to bid adieu to the Sena chief, Khaire said, and asserted that \"it will be a sort of Shiv Sena's family get together. There is nothing political Thackeray's his visit to the city this time. He will start a state-wide political tour from the next month onward.\"Khaire said that they expect a large crowd of sitting and former MPs, MLAs, office-bearers of zilla parishads and civic bodies from eight districts of Marathwada region to attend the first ever interaction with Thackeray after the death of the party supremo at Sant Tukaram Natyagraha in Cidco. Thackeray would be accompanied by senior party leaders Manohar Joshi, Sanjay Raut and Anil Desai. The Aurangabad MLA Pradeep Jaiswal, former MLAs Sandeepan Bhumre, Annasaheb Mane and the district unit party presidents Ambadas Danve and Munna Trivedi were also present at news conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618889", "title": "Root for England, rot for India in Nagpur Test", "text": "NAGPUR: Team India is experiencing that familiar sinking feeling. There was to be no dramatic change in the script when it came to the fortunes of India's struggling top order on the second day of the fourth Test, leaving MS Dhoni &amp; Co gasping for breath at 87/4 in reply to England's first-innings total of 330.Scorecard | Match in PicsThis time, Jimmy Anderson (3/24) was on the ball, removing the likes of Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir and Sachin Tendulkar in a masterful exhibition of swing bowling to set his team up for what seems an increasingly likely scenario: a series win on these shores for England after 28 long years.India's hopes now rest on MS Dhoni and Virat Kohli \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who were at the crease when stumps were drawn \u00e2\u20ac\u201d stitching together a match-turning partnership. The hosts are still 243 runs away from England's total and with runs hard to come by \u00e2\u20ac\u201d India could score at only 2.2 per over \u00e2\u20ac\u201d safety seems a long way off.Throughout the series, India have prepared tracks to their liking only to be outplayed by their rivals, and Nagpur has turned out to be no different.If it was England's spin department which haunted India's batsmen in the last two Tests, it was Anderson who turned tormentor on Friday.In between, Cheteshwar Pujara fell to a questionable umpiring decision, leaving the Indian innings in a shambles.Anderson capped off another fruitful day for England, which began with debutant Joe Root's dogged 73-run knock and a half-century from Graeme Swann.Sehwag was the first one to face Anderson's music, being castled off the second ball he faced by a delivery that swung in late. Anderson then cleaned up his 'bunny' Tendulkar for the ninth time in Tests.Setting Tendulkar up seemed embarrassingly easy for Anderson: Bowl a few that swing away and then bring one back to sneak past in between a rooted Tendulkar's bat and pad, and into the stumps.Gautam Gambhir, after having done all the hard work - he played 93 balls for his 37 -- was tempted into the drive by Anderson and the left-hander promptly nicked one to the keeper.The first half of the day was all about Joe Root, who staved off India's attempts at restricting England. The debutant provided the pivot around which the England innings went beyond the 300-run mark.During his 229-ball stay, Root produced two partnerships which may well turn to be match-winning, first with Prior and later with Graeme Swann.The only Indian bowler who can go back pleased with his performance was the leg-spinner Piyush Chawla, who took 4/69 in his comeback Test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17620542", "title": "BRTS corridor project hits roadblock", "text": "HUBLI: A section of residents are up in arms against the proposed bus rapid transit system (BRTS) corridor project on Hubli-Dharwad road. They are now opposing acquisition of land and houses for the project, which is in its last leg of completion, and aims to provide a much-needed better public transport system.Residents have become wary following a recent survey for the new project that has identified more land and houses along the old Pune-Bangalore highway for road widening.The cost of the BRTS corridor is estimated at Rs 692 crore. Its length is 22.25 km between Hubli and Dharwad with cross sections ranging from 44 metres in between and 35 metres within the city limits. The project includes segregated bus ways with central bus lanes and median bus stops, trunk and feeder system, accessible and comfortable bus stations with level boarding and external ticketing, improved fleet, traffic management centre for Hubli-Dharwad.Property owners' leader and HDMC corporator Rajanna Koravi alleged that the project operators misguided them by saying that 35-metre corridor will come up from Hosur to Unkal in Hubli and Tollnaka to Dharwad bus terminal in Dharwad. But now they are trying to include more land and make it 44-metre corridor in these highly populated areas, Rajanna said.\"We are not opposing development works. We want the authorities to follow all necessary guidelines put forward by the 13-member parliamentary committee on urban development in 2008,\" said a property owner.Work should be taken up in a scientific way and a feasibility study should be taken up in each city before implementing BRTS, he added.Rajanna Koravi said Unkal lake park will be destroyed if the 44-metre road comes up in the area.All the property owners have decided to meet chief minister Jagadish Shettar during his visit to the city. A memorandum will be submitted to shelve the project as there is no use of the project which has failed in many other cities, he said.OfficialspeakLingaraj Patil, chairman of Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority , said the project is taken up in Hubli-Dharwad after studying the BRTS corridor project in Ahmadabad. World Bank is funding the project and it will be implemented in a scientific manner.Many property owners of these areas may lose their property, but in the long run, the project will help all people in the twin cities, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619270", "title": "One-act play contest from Dec 18", "text": "PUNE: The finals of the Purshottam Karandak one-act play competition organised by the Maharashtriya Kolapasak is gto be held at the Bharat Natya Mandir here from December 18 to 20.Hemant Vaidy, secretary, Maharashtra Kolapasak, said: \"About 14 colleges from Jalgaon, Ratnagiri, Kolahapur and Pune will fight it out in the final round. This competition will be held in two phases, one at 9 am and the other from 5 pm.\"On the inaugural day, SP college Pune will present 'Prani-Matra', Pratap College Ammalber will present 'Ek Adhik Shunya' and Bhamaji Sheth Kir College, Ratnagiri, will present 'Cut Off'.Prizes will be given for the first three positions. The fourth position will be for experimental one-act play. Other prizes include best director, best actor (male/female). Winners will be felicitated with a trophy and cash prize.The preliminary rounds were held in Pune, Ratnagiri, Sindhudurg, Kolhapur and Jalgaon. tnnAbout 51 teams participated from Pune, of which four have been selected for the final round.Out of the 35 teams that participated in Jalgaon, three teams have been selected, three out of nine teams from Kolhapur and four out of 10 teams that participated from Ratnagiri have made it to the final round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17619583", "title": "Probe report in RED chief case to be submitted soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nearly a fortnight after instituting an inquiry against director, rural engineering department, Uma Shankar, the Uttar Pradesh government appears to be dragging its feet in the matter. Earlier, Shankar was accused of tampering with his birth records to gain a six year advantage in service. After the government took cognizance of the allegations, it set up a three-member inquiry committee comprising additional chief secretary and agriculture production commissioner Alok Ranjan and principal secretaries Sanjeev Dubey and Ashok Kumar to examine the merits of the accusations and to ascertain whether further investigation should be conducted against Uma Shankar.Speaking to TOI, Ranjan said, \"The two principal secretaries have submitted their reports. I will now add my own comments, following which the findings of the committee will be forwarded to the chief secretary. This will be done within a day or two.\" Earlier, senior UP government bureaucrat Hari Shankar Pandey had, in a series of letters to the state government, recommended the immediate removal of Shankar from his post after the department received complaints of forgery against the officer. Shankar, who was accused of forging his date of birth for a six year extension of service, was also charged with financial misappropriation after being promoted to the post of director of the rural engineering department.Pandey, who sought a complete audit of works in the rural engineering department-as advised by the CAG audit report on the department-also suggested the government should not allow Uma Shankar to hold the post of director of RED until such time he is absolved of all charges of corruption. Sources in the government said that though the inquiry committee had examined the charges of forgery levelled against Shankar, the accusations of financial irregularity were beyond the committee's mandate. Sources also said the committee was likely to submit a fractured verdict.According to documents available with TOI, Uma Shankar was accused of forging his date of birth in the official documents available with the state government.According to these allegations, Shankar reduced his age by six years, as a result, he continues to be in UP government service even though the officer should have, allegedly, retired in October 2011. In addition, Pandey, in a letter dated November 9, 2012, had also alleged that Shankar executed financial powers in violation of his appointment as director in an ad-hoc capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17623054", "title": "PCB undecided on Pak players' BPL participation", "text": "KARACHI: The Pakistan Cricket Board is yet to take a policy decision on whether to let its players compete in the Bangladesh Premier League early next year even though the deadline to issue No Objection Certificates for the event has passed.Although the deadline set by the Bangladesh Cricket Board for players to send NOCs of their respective boards passed two days back, the PCB has still not issued NOCs to any player.\"We will soon take a policy decision on permitting players to play in the BPL as presently we are dealing with other more important issues like the tour to India,\" a Board official said on condition of anonymity.The players auction for the next BPL season is also due to be held on December 19. In the inaugural season of the BPL, held in February this year, around 20 players from Pakistan represented the franchises and their presence ensured the standard of the league was lifted considerably.A well-placed PCB source confirmed that the Board was also waiting to see when the BCB would confirm dates for its outstanding tour to Pakistan.\"The PCB is also concerned because of the pay disputes that arose between players and franchises this year,\" the source said.The PCB was miffed when the BCB, after first confirming a short tour to play two matches in Lahore in April this year, didn't come citing an order of the Dhaka High Court that issued an injunction against Bangladesh players coming here because of security concerns.Coincidentally, BCB President Nazmul Hassan told the 'Cricinfo' that his board is in talks with the PCB about a short tour to the country next month.\"We can't go in December so we will speak to the PCB today, about whether we can fit in a small tour before the BPL,\" Hassan said.In November, Hassan had said that the BCB had made a \"written commitment\" to the PCB to go ahead with the tour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17621888", "title": "Kukke seer got G-category site", "text": "BANGALORE: It's a list that raises many questions: a waiter, a seer of a leading mutt in the state, three businesspersons, a couple of housewives, a doctor, social worker and professor, who were lucky to bag huge housing plots in the city.Who are these people and why were they given sites under the so-called CM's discretionary 'G category' ? G sites are allotted out of turn to people in public life.A CAG report on 'G category ' site allotments by the BDA between 2007 and 2011 found that 260 of the 438 allottees were neither MLAs, MPs, ministers, artistes or sportspersons in public life. The report, tabled in the state legislature on Wednesday, did not reveal the identity of the beneficiaries.Documents in the possession of The Times of India revealed that the 'G category' site allottees include Vidya Prasanna Theertha Swamiji of Kukke Subramanya Mutt. He was allotted a 50ft x 80ft site in HSR Layout Sector III.The waiter, MR Jettoji Rao, got a 30ft x 40ft site in BTM Layout VI Stage, Dr Shiv M Shivashankar was allotted 80ft x 50ft site in Banshankari IV Stage, homemakers Swarna Manjula and Sabeera Begum were allotted 30ft x 40ft sites each in BTM VI Stage. Businesspersons SA Madhumathi, Shaw Suraj Mall and Nagarathna Manehalli were allotted 60ft x 40ft sites each in HSR Layout Sector III. Social worker PV Krishna Bhat was given a site measuring 60ft x 40ft in 2009 at HSR Layout Sector II. Prof Vachasapathi Upadhyaya got a site measuring 60ft x 40ft in OMBR Layout. BDA audit reports have attributed all allotment to orders from the chief minister.WHAT IS G-CATEGORY SITE?BDA has reserved sites for outof-turn allotment under seven categories.The first six categories (A to F) are allotted by a committee comprising the BDA chairman, BDA commissioner, BBMP commissioner and two other members of BDA.Under the seventh category (G), persons in public life are allotted sites under directions from the government, according to BDA's rulebook. However , the allotment of G sites was stopped on the basis of a Karnataka high court judgment in December 2010. The court said the government had no power or authority under the BDA Act, 1976, and BDA (Allotment of Sites) Rules, 1984, to direct the BDA to allot sites to any person under G category, as per circular No UDD.129.MNJ dated August 6, 1997. A committee was formed on the HC directive to examine the allotment of sites under G category so far.\"Those rules do not cover G category sites and the rulebook does not define which persons in public life can avail of the benefit. This vagueness has led to irregularities in BDA's allotment ,\" said BDA sources.SITES FOR ALSO THOSE WHO OWN PROPERTYThe CAG report observes that though some G site allottees own houses and sites, they got additional sites, in violation of BDA's own rules.\"Scrutiny of sample allotments under G-category during the period 2007-11 showed that 10 applicants declared they or their dependents had owned sites. Nevertheless, sites under G category were allotted to them,\" says the report.One such beneficiary was Chickpet MLA Dr Hemachandra Sagar, who got a site measuring 50ft x 80ft in HSR Layout Sector III.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619466", "title": "Lal Kuan resident fights for fire station", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Bhagirath Palace fire may have been controlled in time had the authorities acted upon a Walled City resident's appeals to create a fire station in the area. It's been seven years since M Nafis, 45, started his lone campaign for setting up a fire station within or near the Hauz Qazi police station, or at least stationing a fire engine at the Hauz Qazi intersection for a quick response.Nafis, a resident of Lal Kuan in Old Delhi, is driven by memories of a major fire tragedy in his neighbourhood and the persistence of the factors behind it. In the summer of 1999, a fire ripped through the chemical market of Lal Kuan, taking 57 lives. \"When that fire broke out, one of the main impediments to the rescue operations was the narrow, congested streets, making it difficult for fire tenders to reach the spot. As the area is densely populated, the issue remains,\" says Nasif.With the nearest fire station situated at SPM Marg, it takes at least half an hour for the fire brigade to enter the area, provided there is no congestion, residents say.\"It is to avert another tragedy that for the past seven years I have been asking the authorities to put in place measures that can help in dealing with a disaster,\" says Nafis, adding, \"the idea is to have the firefighting paraphernalia close at hand. As the area is congested and some of the bylanes are only 3-foot wide, it would be a task for the rescue team to get to the site of the disaster\".Nafis wrote his first letter to the then fire chief in 2005. Since then, he has also appealed to local MLAs and politicians. The fire department responded to him in 2006, explaining that \"no action was possible\" due to space constraints in the area.Fire department officials gave TOI the same reason, and blamed the city's planners for Old Delhi's vulnerability to fire. \"It is like creating a fire hazard and then doing damage control. Let us plan the city better; there are many factors that have to be taken into consideration,\" said a senior fire officer. \"We need to ease the congestion and shift the dangling overhead wires underground. There is a need to reduce the fire risks,\" he added.For now, the area continues to be a ticking bomb, and the safety of the thousands of women, men and children living and conducting their business along the dingy bylanes, at times having just enough space for two people to walk abreast, remains in doubt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618860", "title": "Council chairman bats for debating Vid issues", "text": "NAGPUR: Calling for a truce between the ruling and opposition parties, legislative council chairman Shivajirao Deshmukh, on Thursday, expressed serious concern over adjournment of upper house for the fifth consecutive day. \"The winter session is being held here to discuss and resolve problems encountered by the people. There are a slew of issues - like drought and water scarcity - plaguing Vidarbha and Marathwada regions. These problems are going to aggravate as summer approaches. Just think of people's plight before adjourning the Houses,\" he called on the members in a rare emotional outburst.His reaction came after opposition members again created din both the houses forcing its adjournment till Monday.The veteran added that he had tried to discuss the issues with both sides in a bid to break the impasse of last four days. \"I am daily calling upper house ruling party leader Ajit Pawar, opposition leader Vinod Tawde, and seniors, including Hemant Takle, to reach a compromise. I again appealed to both sides to think in larger interest of people and debates issues in the houses,\" he said.Deshmukh announced that on Monday, the house will discuss all calling attention motion which pertained to Vidarbha and will conduct an extra session on drought which was a serious concern.Earlier, parliamentary affairs minister Harshwardhan Patil slammed the opposition for wasting precious time and asked them to discuss their SIT issue during question hour itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17621235", "title": "3 hurt as tanker lorry collides with truck", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A tanker lorry collided with a truck on M C Road near Pattithanam Junction in Ettumanoor injuring the two drivers and a helper on Friday.Both the vehicles overturned blocking the traffic on the route for some time. The diesel which started flowing out of the tanker made the local residents panic. Some of the local residents started vacating from their houses thinking that the liquid flowing out of the tank was spirit, which could easily catch fire .There was also a godown of a cooking gas agency close to the spot where the accident happened around 9.45am.The Fire Force unit which reached the spot confirmed that the liquid flowing out from the tanker was molasses.\"Without losing time we blocked the diesel leakage and cleaned the road by removing the molasses which was flowing on the road from the tanker,\" said S K Bijumon, fire officer. According to eye witnesses, both the vehicles were coming in high speed when the accident happened.Traffic was restored in the route after the truck which had overturned on the road was shifted using a crane. However, the tanker lorry was not removed till evening as multiple cranes were required to remove the lorry, which was carrying around 16 tonnes of load.Fire units from Kottayam and Kaduthuruthy rushed to the spot following the accident as news spread that the tanker was carrying cooking gas.The drivers of the vehicles, both hailing from Tamil Nadu, and the helper hailing from North East who were injured in the accident were admitted in the Medical College Hospital.The tanker lorry was coming from Tamil Nadu to supply molasses to the Vedagiri Unit of Kerala Solvent Extracts Limited near Ettumanoor. The truck was without any load and was returning to Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "17621694", "title": "Newlywed woman held for robbery", "text": "BARASAT: A 22-year-old newlywed woman, allegedly involved in a robbery at a businessman's Madhyamgram house on Friday morning, was arrested after she failed to flee from the spot.Other gang members, though, managed to decamp with gold ornaments, cash and valuables worth Rs 4.5 lakh. According to police sources, the woman, identified as Aparna Mondal, married a youth on Thursday night.\"She told us that her husband took her to that house, while she had no idea about the robbery. The woman was found sitting alone in a deserted room adjacent to a temple on the premises of the house, when other gang members managed to escape,\" said police.Around 2.30am on Friday, a gang of six armed robbers raided the house of Arabinda Das, who runs a printing business on the ground floor of his two-storied house at Chandigarh in Madhyamgram. The robbers, wearing masks, stormed into the house and looted the valuables after holding Das's daughter at the gunpoint. after breaking open the main collapsible gate on the ground floor. They went upstairs and broke open the door of the room where Das and his family members were asleep.\"We woke up on hearing a noise and found some masked robbers pointing a gun at my head. Then the robbers threatened me with dire consequences if I dared to protest and asked for the keys of the almirah. When I refused, they beat me up and later snatched the keys. They held my daughter at gunpoint and looted 10 bhori gold jewelleries, Rs 30, 000 cash, two mobile phones and two wrist watches worth Rs 4.5 lakh. also threatened my family members holding a gun to my daughter's head,\" said Arabinda Das, the businessman. The robbers looted from the house before they fleeing the spot in hurry.As the miscreants fled, the family members came out of their room and started screaming. On hearing their screams, locals rushed to the spot and found they started looking for the robbers, when the newly-wed woman in an abandoned room adjacent to the courtyard of the house. \"She was wearing a new sari, bangles and holding a sindoor box in her hand while she was looking just like a newly-wed wife. She was caught she was traumatized and later told us that her husband took her to this house and asked her to sit in the deserted room. Later, her husband and other gang members fled from the spot leaving her alone,\" said Rumki Das, the daughter of Das.After being informed by the locals, a police team from Madhyamgram out post reached the spot and arrested the woman.\"The woman is being interrogated. We suspect that she is a member of the gang, though she claimed that her husband took her there. We are verifying her statements and also looking for the other gang members,\" said Sugato Sen,SP, North 24-Parganas.gang of the robbers who raided at a businessman's house at Madhyamgram in North 24 Parganas early on Friday, was arrested while she could not escape from the spot with the gang after looting the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620453", "title": "Press run by CPI trust prints UPA\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s booklet on FDI", "text": "CHENNAI: The CPI in Tamil Nadu is in a piquant situation. While the party is vehemently opposed to FDI in retail trade, a press run by a party-controlled trust is busy printing the UPA government's publicity material on the key reform measure.The six-page booklet, detailing the benefits of FDI in retail trade, is being printed in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Mayalalyam at Pavai Printer in Chennai. The press belongs to the New Century Book House Trust, and several senior CPI leaders are on its board of directors.Titled 'FDI \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Few Doubts and Explanations', the booklet, published by the ministry of information and broadcasting, contains nine questions and detailed explanations. It says: \"Farmers will get good price for their products. Rural India will get better infrastructure, like storage godowns, since 50% of the investment will be in rural areas.\" The booklet claims FDI will increase job opportunities for the rural youth and benefit consumers.CPI state secretary D Pandian argued that the press was not the property of the party and that CPI remained opposed to FDI in retail.However, some trade organizations accused CPI of double standards. \"Their local leaders have been participating in various protests against FDI in retail trade. They should have refused this order from the Union government. People like us believe they have strong ideologies. This is unfortunate,\" said Tamil Nadu Vanigar Sangangalin Peramaippu president A M Vikramaraja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17620742", "title": "Alagiri\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s son gives up after four months on the run", "text": "MADURAI: Durai Dhayanidhi, son of Union minister M K Alagiri, emerged from his four-month-long hiding and surrendered before the judicial magistrate court in Melur near Madurai on Friday in connection with the illegal granite quarrying scam.Dhayanidhi's surrender came four days after the Madurai bench of the Madras high court granted him anticipatory bail in the case. He went into hiding soon after police and revenue officials, acting on a report by former Madurai collector U Sagayam, who alleged Rs 16,000 crore loss to the exchequer due to illegal granite quarrying in the district, began cracking down on granite firms in August this year.Dhayanidhi arrived at Madurai airport from an undisclosed location on Thursday night. His arrival was kept secret and no DMK men were allowed to visit the airport to receive him. On Friday morning, Dhayanidhi, accompanied by a battery of lawyers and DMK cadre, reached the Melur judicial magistrate court and appeared before judge Jayakumar. Dhayanidhi surrendered his passport in the court and provided a personal surety for the bail.Alagiri, who visited Melur on Friday, told reporters that the quarrying case was slapped on Dhayanidhi to settle political scores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17619121", "title": "Direct cash transfer scheme will help deserving beneficiaries: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union minister V Narayansamy on Friday said that the direct cash transfer scheme would ensure that central government schemes would reach deserving parties.Minister of state in the PMO Narayansamy said, \"As a minister, when I visited some of the states, I found that whatever central government schemes are implemented in those states, it was not satisfactory. In fact, even in Parliament several issues have been raised by Members of the Parliament that schemes are not reaching the people at whom it is targeted.''\"This has become a concern for the government of India and the cash transfer scheme is one of the main schemes which the government is going to implement, through which the beneficiaries will get the direct advantage,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619122", "title": "NSA invoked in Goa for three months", "text": "PANAJI: The state has invoked the National Security Act (NSA) in Goa for a period of three months. Sources said this has been done to crack the whip against anti-social elements.The notification was issued in the official gazette on Thursday and states that the government issued it, \"having regard to the circumstances likely to prevail in any area within the local limits of the jurisdiction of the district magistrates of north and south Goa...\"Denying that there is any specific threat or intelligence input, a government official described the invoking of NSA as a routine matter. \"We cannot be invoking NSA only when we need to do so,\" the official said.With NSA being invoked, the police department will submit cases to the district magistrates to ascertain whether the offenders need to be dealt with under provisions of NSA 1980.\"We will determine after conducting the inquiry as to whether the person in the case referred under NSA is to be detained,\" north Goa district magistrate and collector Mihir Vardhan said.With the issuance of the notification, the district magistrates are vested powers to conduct the inquiry. \"The police will refer us the cases, and we will have the powers to conduct the inquiry,\" Vardhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620588", "title": "Principal accused of sexual abuse", "text": "CHENNAI: A group of students of a private physiotherapy college in Besant Nagar on Friday lodged a police complaint alleging their principal sexually abused many of them.Police, who went to interrogate the principal, said he was not present in the college. More than 50 students told senior police officers that they had been physically harassed by the principal for a long time, causing them severe mental agony. He used abusive language and misbehaved with many of them, the complaint said.\"He tortured us so much that many even attempted suicide,\" said a girl student who refused to divulge her name. \"He would make us stand in front of him in his office for hours and would often pass lewd comments.\" He told girls to call him on his mobile phone after class hours and threatened to reduce their marks if they ignored his instructions, said another student.The principal reportedly told the girls he wielded a lot of political clout and that he would write bad remarks on their conduct certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17620950", "title": "BJP to elect Tomar as new Madhya Pradesh party chief", "text": "BHOPAL: A year before the assembly elections to the Madhya Pradesh Assembly, the ruling BJP is all set to change its state unit president. Senior leader and party general secretary incharge of party affairs in MP, Anant Kumar and chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan is learnt used their veto power to remove RSS organisational man Prabhat Jha from the post. They are learnt to have put their weight behind Narendra Singh Tomar, the former state BJP president and BJP national general secretary.Sources said that a meeting was held in New Delhi on Tuesday where senior leader Ananth Kumar , who is in charge of party affairs Madhya Pradesh, insisted on a change in the post of state president.The BJP leadership, thereafter, decided to elect'' Lok Sabha MP from Morena and national general secretary Narendra Singh Tomar as the state BJP president in the election year. Tomar is scheduled to file his nomination papers as candidate for the post on Saturday morning in the presence of senior BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad. Sources claimed there will be no second nomination filed since the orders have come from 11 Ashoka Road. Hence, Tomar will be elected to the post unopposed.Rajya Sabha MP Prabhat Jha will bow out as Tomar, who is known to be close to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan, is expected to take over from the next week. Narendra Singh Tomar is not new to the job of state party chief. He has previously held the post from November 22, 2006 to May 7, 2010. The ruling BJP got a second term after winning the 2008 assembly elections during his tenure. He was made national general secretary and moved to New Delhi as the RSS sent Jha to take charge of the party in the state.The difference between Narendra Singh Tomar and Prabhat Jha were perceptible from the very beginning. While Tomar was a silent and low-profile worker with total loyalties to chief minister Chouhan, his successor Prabhat Jha was keen to show he had a mind and voice of his own. He abundantly spoke to the media and gave his versions as often as chief minister Chouhan. Party workers observed that while Tomar was Chouhan's trusted man, Prabhat Jha was eager to present himself as an alternative to the chief minister's post. This soured relations between Chouhan, who over the years established himself as a confident popular leader, and Prabhat Jha who enjoyed the support of the RSS.At Tuesday's meeting in New Delhi, it was argued that in an election year the party needed a man who would speak less and work in tandem with Chouhan, if the BJP was to come back for a third term. Speaking to TOI, a party leader explained: There is no alternative to Shivraj Singh Chouhan in the party. He will lead the BJP again for assembly polls 2013. Retaining Prabhat Jha would mean trouble as the state party president would not agree to every decision taken by the chief minister. The major challenge would be during ticket distribution just before the elections. Chouhan will want candidates of his choice while Prabhat Jha would not approve of them. There is no possibility of such a situation arising with Narendra Singh Tomar as state party chief.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17623303", "title": "'Kadal' audio creates history!", "text": "It is for the first time in Indian market the audio release of a film album has been advanced. The much awaited and anticipated audio release of Mani Ratnam's 'Kadal' which was scheduled to come out on the 17th of December has hit the stores a couples of day earlier and is now available for the fans from today (15th Dec).This is the debut film of Gautham Karthick and Tulasi Nair which is directed in music by AR Rahman and the music of Kadal has become a runaway chartbuster. Seeing the phenomenal advance booking for the album, Sony Music has advanced its audio launch by two days!A Sony Music spokesperson said \"There was a terrific buzz and unbelievable advance booking orders for Kadal album, so we decided to advance its release by two days and get a huge opening during the weekend.\"Expectations were already high on the audio of 'Kadal', especially after two songs Nenjukulley , and Elay Keechan were released online and both have become highly popular and even topped the iTunes chart. Fans no longer need to wait and can grab their CDs from the stores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17621025", "title": "Rahul Bose gives leadership lessons to XLRI students", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Students of XLRI business school were exhilarated to have noted Bollywood actor and social activist Rahul Bose in the campus who arrived there at the leadership series event on Thursday.Bose spoke on leadership qualities which he had learnt over the years from his experiences as an actor, director, captain of a rugby team and the founder of an NGO. He kept the students glued to their seats for over 75 minutes during which he discussed several aspects of leadership.He said a leader was one who had a strong sense of social responsibility and compassion for the society. He added that a good leader understood the power of team spirit and never shied away from appointing a co-leader if that helped in achieving the goal.The popular actor, who is known for his pragmatic views on the various social issues concerning the society, said, \"A leader should not over-promise and under-deliver when someone asks for help.\"Articulating his thoughts on the ideal qualities of a good leader, Rahul said a true leader is one who is passionate at heart and proactively pursues the agenda of social responsibility.\"Hitler, as we would all agree, was an effective leader and he motivated a team of men to achieve the goal he had visualized and they followed his instructions to make it happen. Why then, doesn't Hitler make it to anybody's top 10 list of great leaders?\" asked Bose to the students. He then replied that it was the apparent lack of compassion-for-all and inclusiveness in Hitler's leadership which prevented him from becoming a good leader.On the basis of what he had learnt during his meetings and interactions with leaders of different fields over the years, Bose said a leader is expected to treat everybody as an equal and should respect every individual. \"You give respect and earn respect. A leader should firmly believe in respecting every individual whosoever he/she comes across,\" said Bose.At the end of his motivational lecture to the would-be business managers, Bose signed off by saying, \"Follow your dreams keenly and never get disheartened from failure. Always believe in yourself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17621493", "title": "Students, NGO join hands to clean up Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: A grassroots-level NGO in the Sunderbans joined hands with the state forest department and police to start a volunteer-based clean-up drive to rid the archipelago of plastic and thermocol waste. Past attempts to tackle the problem through awareness campaigns and fines have failed to yield result.The drive will be conducted every alternate Sunday.\"Over the years, various methods have been tried out to stop tourists from bringing plastic and littering them in the Sunderbans. But they have proved ineffective due to the nature of tourism that is popular in the mangrove delta. Most of them are picnickers out to have fun with no concern for jungle or environment. Hence, trying to educate them is useless.Since it is the people of Sunderbans living off its resources who suffer, we have decided to form teams of volunteers to clean up the mess periodically,\" said Bali Nature Club founder secretary and principal field officer of Wildlife Protection Society of India Anil Mistry.Of the 1.5 lakh visitors that Sunderbans draws annually, nearly 80% are the picnicking lot. Usually, groups of 30-40 people board a launch and head into the jungle.They have a hearty meal and discard the waste in the river. play loud music and dance. Thermocol plates and glasses and polybags are discarded into the river. Even when boat operators collect the waste, they don't have the sense to dump it away from the shore. As a result, all the waste is washed back into the river during high tide.\"We've tried speaking to the tourists and imposing hefty fines on boats that litter. But monitoring is very difficult as there are too many entry and exit points. Hence, when Mistry came up with the proposal of getting volunteers to clean up the riverbanks once a fortnight, we embraced it,\" said Sunderban Tiger Reserve field director Subrat Mukherjee said. Sonakhali, Gathkhali, Pakhiralay, Jharkhali, Kaikhali, Kalitola and Dhamakhali are all used by tourists to access the Sunderbans.On Monday, two dozen students participated in the clean-up drive from Gathkhali along the banks of Durgaduani, Gumbi and Bidya rivers, covering a 10-km stretch.\"There were thousands of plastic bottles, snack packets, carry bags and liquor bottles littered in the mangrove trees along the shore line. It was tough work butI felt a sense of contributing to the preservation of the environment,\" said class XI student Ekadashi Mondal, one of the participants in the clean-up exercise. After collecting the waste, it was segregated into recyclable and non-recyclable material. The latter was then burnt in an incinerator.Anil, who inspired by voluntary beach clean-up drives across the US coast where he too chipped in earlier this year, strongly believes the Sunderbans can become pristine only when its inhabitants imbibe the culture of voluntary service.\"Every alternate Sunday, we will conduct the clean-up drive. Along the way, we will encourage more nature clubs in schools to participate. We hope over 500 students will participate in future drives, cleaning up large parts of the Sunderbans in three hours of frenzied activity,\" Mistry added.Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas welcomed the move. \"We would like more NGOs to join the initiative and begin volunteer activity to rid the area of plastic and thermocol. Not only do they spoil the natural surroundings, they can also cause death to animals like deer. We have linked littering to damage to animal habitat in Wildlife Protection Act and allowed field officers to slap fines upto Rs 25,000,\" said Vyas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621086", "title": "Advocates clash at Punjab and Haryana HC parking lot", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The parking lot of the Punjab and Haryana high court was the scene of a scuffle between advocate Davinder Rawat, whose law practice was cancelled recently and former State Bar Council of Punjab &amp; Haryana high court chairman advocate Lekshraj Sharma.The duo came to blows in full public view around 2pm. They were reined in by other advocates. When the police arrived following a call to the control room, they did not find anyone first. Later, someone from GMSH-16 called to tell them that advocate Sharma came for medical examination at around 3pm.In his police statement, Sharma said, \"Rawat, along with three others, manhandled me because being the chairman of the state bar council, I cancelled his law practice license in the high court after discussing it with all council members.\" Sharma said Rawat had been threatening him ever since his licence was cancelled. A DDR has been registered in this regard investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17621233", "title": "Radical Bolivian film 'Pacha' to open festival", "text": "KOCHI: Pacha, a radical film directed by Hector Ferreiro from Bolivia, will be the opening feature at the Kochi International Film Festival which kicks off on Sunday.The film, which is a co-production by Bolivia and Mexico, has received much acclaim at the Berlin Film Festival and will have its first screening in India at the Kochi festival.'At the Horizon' directed by Enysay Keola from Laos, and the South African film Otelo Burning directed by Sarah Blecher will also have their first screenings here.As per the latest schedule, the film festival will be inaugurated by chief minister Oommen Chandy at Saritha Theatre at 7pm on Sunday. There will be four screenings in the four theatres Saritha, Savitha, Sangeetha and Sreedhar as well as at the Children's Theatre every day.The screenings at cinema houses will be held only till December 20 as some commercial film releases are scheduled on December 21. However, screenings at Children's Theatre will continue till December 23, and the concluding programmes will also be held on that day, the district collector Sheikh Pareeth and K R Vishwambharan, former vice chancellor of the Kerala Agricultural University and film festival coordinator, said here at a press conference on Friday.Apart from delegate passes that will cost Rs 300, there will be separate passes costing Rs 100 for each day's screenings.The festival will focus on independent filmmakers and will showcase films from Europe, South America , and southeast Asia , the festival director Raveendran said.Iranian filmmaker Mohsen Makhmalbaaf, his wife and two daughters are arriving early tomorrow morning to participate in the festival.There will be five films from Thailand, eight from Poland and six from Iran at the festival. The Malayalam section will showcase 18 films, while three Hindi films and one Tulu film also be screened.'The Hunt' by Thomas Vinterburg of Denmark, 'Holy Motors' by Leo Carax of France, 'On the Road' by Walter Salles of Brazil, 'Klip' by Maja Milos of Serbia, 'Mercy' by Matthias Glassener, 'La Playa DC' by Juan Andres Arango of Colombia, and 'The Dead Men and Being Happy' by Javier Rebollo are some of the critically-acclaimed films to be screened at the festival.Thai films 'Home' and 'Love of Siam' and 'Thy Womb' by Brilliante Mendoza from Philippines will be the other attractions at the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17620223", "title": "Mumbai police on alert after terror warning", "text": "Mumbai police have increased vigilance around the city following an Intelligence Bureau alert warning of the entry of four suspected terrorists into the country through the coast between Gujarat and Mumbai.The warning, officers said, was passed on to Mumbai police, Indian Navy and Coast Guard on December 4. Since then, cops have been conducting regular checks at hotels and guesthouses across the city, combing slums, and erecting nakabandis on main roads and highways.\"The entire force is on its toes. Our instructions are to carry out searches at slums and to fortify vital installations,\" said a senior IPS official. \"The alert about militants entering the city does not appear to be accurate but we cannot take it lightly. The enhanced security arrangement will persist at least till the end of this month.\"Aside from the general citywide vigilance, the 27 police stations in the coastal belt have been instructed to guard sensitive installations (like the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre) in, or close to, seaside areas. \"Also high on the watch list are places like Madh Island, Bhaucha Dhakka and Badhwar Park, from where 26/11 gunmen the city,\" said the officer.Another officer from south Mumbai added that, since the receipt of the Intelligence Bureau warning, mock drills have been staged to test preparedness for attacks on hotels and other key buildings. \"A week ago, a drill was conducted at the National Stock Exchange in Bandra-Kurla Complex,\" the officer said.The south Mumbai officer said hotels and guesthouses around Mumbai have been visited to scrutinize their booking details and documents of guests. \"Furthermore, slums in Shivaji Nagar, Govandi, Trombay, Saki Naka, Dharavi were combed. Last week, Saki Naka police detained three people from a chawl in Jari Mari Nagar, but they were released after their identity and antecedents bore out,\" said the officer.Defence officials said Indian Navy and Coast Guard ships are carrying out regular searches in the sea and providing reports every day.A similar alert had been sounded in the city in May this year. Then, central intelligence agencies had cautioned Mumbai police that five suspected Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorists had sneaked into Mumbai and were plotting to attack vital installations, including petroleum establishments, possibly through the sea route. However, it turned out later that the information on which the alert was based was untrue. The suspected extremists, whose photographs were provided to police, were in fact Lahore-based businessmen.Coastal security, patrol boats in total disrepairThe need for the city to possess strong coastal security was soberingly exposed during 26/11 terrorist attack and is highlighted with every warning of extremists possibly entering through the sea route. And yet, as evidence on the ground proves, law-enforcers and lawgivers pay little attention to the dire necessity.Mumbai has two coastal police stations, Yellow Gate and Sagari, the latter of which still functions out of residential quarters in Mahim. They together are officially allowed manpower of more than 2,600, but each is short of 600. They were given 27 patrol boats, each \"procured at a cost of about Rs 2 crore\". However, a senior police officer pointed out, \"Only seven boats are functional. Two are kept on standby and the rest are out of action due to several glitches.\"Adding to the insufficiencies, most personnel at the two stations are not trained at all in naval combat. Many officers are physically unfit and nearing the age of retirement, though regulations require that only those below 40 be stationed in these posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17621605", "title": "Kesco organises seminar on saving power", "text": "KANPUR: Kanpur Electricity Supply Company (Kesco) organized a seminar titled 'Save power for bright future' to commemorate 'Oorja Diwas' at Parade Bijli Ghar on Friday.Addressing power consumers, Kesco officials including superintending engineer-I SK Verma said there is a dire need to save power, water and fuel for a better and secure future. He said that by doing so, every individual would be contributing for a better tomorrow.Verma advised power consumers to use 15 watt CFLs instead of 100 watt bulbs. By doing so, they would also be able to save at least Rs 1000 a year on their electricity bill, he said. He also said when power production will go down, the release of carbon dioxide in air will also reduce.He also discussed other simple ways to save power, like switching off lights when moving out of a room, replacing tubelights with CFLs, using electronic regulators, not opening doors of refrigerators frequently, and remembering to switch off TV and computer monitor when they're not in use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618917", "title": "Bombay High Court ultimatum to Nagpur Municipal Corporation to remove illegal pandals, hoardings", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognisance of Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) inaction over illegal posters, banners, cut-outs, arches and hoardings that have come up all over the city during the ongoing assembly session, Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court has slammed the civic body and asked it to remove all structures before Monday.A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Gavai and Ashok Bhangale also warned the respondents of contempt notices against the chief secretary, PWD secretary, commissioner of police, and NMC chief, if they fail to complete the task within the stipulated period.TOI had been continuously tracking the issue since last year, highlighting how the court's orders are being blatantly violated by law makers, including NMC corporators, by erecting Ganesh and Durga pandals on roads and footpaths, severely hindering smooth flow of traffic. In spite of numerous complaints from residents to the police and NMC, no action had been taken. The newspaper had also highlighted how these illegal posters and banners had increased, even in government premises like Ravi Bhavan, when the winter session commenced.The court's strict orders were in response to a petition filed by Gangadharrao Chitnavis Trust, which complained about pandals erected on the roadside near Hislop College for the ongoing winter session. They claimed that the occupants of the pandals are causing unhygienic conditions.Pleading on behalf of the petitioner, Akshay Naik contended that due to pandals and hoardings from Hislop College to RBI square, people are facing a big inconvenience. Even the movement of ministers causes problems for the public and leads to congestion of roads and traffic chaos.Earlier, NMC filed an affidavit that it had granted temporary permission to these pandals subject to terms and conditions. It added that action will be taken against them if they flout rules.Social activist Dinesh Naidu had already filed a similar petition through his NGO Parivartan in the high court. He had also written a letter to NMC, reminding them of directives issued by Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court that they should lodge a FIR in the nearby police station as per provisions of Maharashtra Prevention of Defacement of Property Act, 1995, in such cases. \"We appeal to immediately remove these illegal hoardings, banners and posters and take action against the persons and organizations who are defacing the city of Nagpur,\" the letter mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17620566", "title": "Red worms wriggle out of T Nagar taps", "text": "CHENNAI: As Suganthy, a resident at Venkatraman Street, T Nagar opened her kitchen tap, out came a bunch of red worms along with water supplied by Metrowater.\"We have been facing this problem for more than six months now,\" said Suganthy, pointing to the bowl where the worms wriggled amidst brown sediments trying to settle to the bottom. \"Initially I thought the problem was with our water tank, and so immediately we cleaned it. But even then the water quality did not change. Now we clean our tanks regularly, but the problem still persists. We used to boil water for drinking purposes but now we buy it.\"Her neighbours confirmed that they too faced the problem of worms in tap water. They said worms, mostly red and brown, keep pouring out of taps and showers, which makes a bath feel undesirable. Many residents of T Nagar are scared that they would contract some disease because of the quality of water.Charumathi Rajkumar, a homemaker and a resident of Habibullah Road, said the worms wriggle across tiles after the kitchen sink dries up after use. \"I found worms all over and used every disinfectant available to stop this, but it continued. Now I use plastic filters under every tap,\" she said. Another resident in the area, J Jaykumar said the water, with or without the worms, are always muddy. \"We clean our tanks twice a month, but we still don't get clear water even after running it through a purifier,\" he said.When contacted, a Metrowater official not willing to be quoted said action was being taken on specific complaints. \"We immediately take action on any complaints that come in. There is a complaint redressal and monitoring cell at Chintadripet and residents can also lodge complaints on our website. We will reach them and fix the problem,\" he said. The residents, however, said following their complaints the Metrowater sent a few employees who poured some disinfectant into the water tanks, but that did not make any difference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17620580", "title": "Vehicle rally against Made Snana", "text": "MANGALORE: CPM Dakshina Kannada district committee is planning to hold a vehicle rally from Kukke Subrahmanya to Mangalore to protest against the practice of Made Made Snana on December 21.The party's district secretary B Madhava told reporters here that the practice of people belonging to lower castes rolling over the left over food of those from upper castes is evoking strong opposition from across the state. \"Many intellectuals and organizations have opposed the practice and sought the intervention of the government to ban it. However, the government is trying to continue the superstitious practice by renaming Made Snana as Ede Snana. Likewise the Udupi Sri Krishna temple still continues the practice of Pankthibedha- serving food to people belonging to upper caste separately- despite having a high court direction against it,\" Madhava said.CPM state secretary GV Sriram Reddy will inaugurate the vehicle rally at Kukke Subrahmanya at 11am on December 21 CPM central secretariat member Srinivas Rao will inaugurate kalnadige jatha (a protest rally) from Mangalore to Udupi to condemn the practice of Pankthibedha at 11 am on December 24. A protest meet to be held in Udupi on December 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17620888", "title": "CPM activists held after stir against burning issues", "text": "GUWAHATI: Hundreds of CPM activists were arrested across the state on Friday for staging a civil disobedience movement against the government's nod to FDI in retail, price rise, hiked bus fares, withdrawal of subsidy from LPG cylinders and other burning issues. The day-long movement was launched in 36 places across the state.Police said over 700 CPM cadres were arrested in Guwahati for defying Section 144 of the CrPC. CPM claimed that more than 2000 CPM protesters courted arrest in Karimganj district and 1100 CPM cadres were arrested for violating law in Silchar.Moreover, the CPM launched civil disobedience movement in Rangia, Kokrajhar, Biswanath Chariali, Jorhat, Titabar, Pathsala and Barpeta Road.\"The movement was organized to mobilize the masses against the government's policies which have badly hit the commoners in recent times. All over the state, people supported the civil disobedience movement against the present government's policies at the Centre and state,\" said Isfaqur Rahman, state secretariat member of the CPM.Among other demands, the CPM has asked the government to provide food security to every family in the state and strengthen the public distribution system. The CPM activists also demanded withdrawal of government decision to hike transport fares by 25 per cent.\"The decision to hike transport fares has severely hit the people. This unprecedented hike in transport fares have revealed the anti-people policies of the government,\" read a leaflet published by the CPM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17621699", "title": "Constable held for stealing bike from police station, suspended", "text": "GURGAON: A constable has been arrested for allegedly stealing a motorcycle from the Sector 10A police station. The motorcycle was a case property. The vehicle has been retrieved from the suspect's house in Bhiwani district. The suspect, who joined Haryana police four years ago, has been suspended. The accused is on police remand and will be produced in court on Saturday.According to the police, the accused has been identified as constable Gopal, belt no 3090, who was deployed in Sector 10A police station. Gopal is a native of Bhiwani district and had joined police service four years ago.Vehicles involved in criminal and accident cases usually lie unattended in different police stations across the city. A case has been registered against accused constable Gopal under Sections 379, 409 of IPC (theft and criminal breach of trust by public servant) on Thursday. Police have also recovered the stolen motorcycle from his possession.A senior police officer confirmed that the accused constable has been suspended and an official inquiry will be carried against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17621474", "title": "BJP targets Arvinder on Ponty link, \u00e2\u20ac\u02dccalls\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Friday targeted Delhi ministers Arvinder Singh and Haroon Yusuf for allegedly having links with Ponty Chadha and his brother, Hardeep Singh, who died in a shootout at a farmhouse recently. The party said there was more to a series of calls, reported in a section of the press, purportedly between them. The issue was raked up inside the assembly by the party MLAs and outside by the state party leadership which demanded dismissal of the ministers and a high-level investigation into the calls.BJP state chief Vijender Gupta alleged that Arvinder Singh as transport minister had granted a favour in awarding contract of the cluster bus service in October 2010. \"The company of Hardeep Singh was awarded the contract for two cluster routes out of five,\" he said, demanding an inquiry.Four of his party MLAs were later evicted from the assembly on the last day of the winter session by speaker Yoganand Shastri after they continued to disrupt the proceedings on the issue. They were Subhash Sachdeva , Satprakash Rana, Sunil Vaid and Pradyumn Rajput.Gupta said the central leadership is going to raise the issue in Parliament on Monday. On Saturday, the BJP plans to hit the streets with demonstrations and dharnas. Meanwhile, Delhi Police sources said they were verifying the authenticity of the call details. They said till now they had no evidence or case against the ministers connecting them in any manner with the shootout.\"We are aware of the details of a few phone calls between the ministers and the Chadha brothers doing the rounds in the media. The fact is the phone number claimed to be belonging to Arvinder Singh is not even registered in his name. How can we jump to conclusions without verifying details?\" said a senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621327", "title": "Captain Amarinder Singh gets reprieve in Amritsar Improvement Trust case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The trial against former Punjab chief minister, Capt Amarinder Singh , in Amritsar Improvement Trust case would now be conducted by another court in Mohali. Justice K C Puri of the Punjab and Haryana high court passed these orders on Friday, while disposing off a petition filed by the Congress leader.Justice Puri ordered that the trial against former CM would be conducted before senior most judge of the district court Mohali.In his petition, Amarinder had sought the transfer of case trial from Mohali court to any other outside Punjab, alleging that the trial could not be held in a fair manner in the state as the public prosecutor could not be presumed to be impartial. However, later he pressed for transfer of the case to any other court of district court Mohali. Even the state government had filed its no objection on the shifting of case trial.While apprehending pressure on Punjab vigilance bureau during the trial of cases against him, Capt had contended that the public prosecutor was under administrative control of the home department of the state government, headed by deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal.Amarinder was booked by the Punjab vigilance bureau on September 11, 2008 at the police station, vigilance bureau, Mohali, under sections 420, 458, 467, 471, 120-B of IPC and sections 7 and 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The matter pertains to land excluded from the Amritsar Improvement Trust scheme, which was later taken by a builder. The bureau has already filed a charge sheet against Capt in this case before special court Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kalol", "code": "17621787", "title": "Sonia takes on Modi over Sir Creek, UPA funds", "text": "KALOL: With campaigning for 2012 assembly elections in the last leg, Congress president Sonia Gandhi stepped up her diatribe against chief minister Narendra Modi.Addressing an election rally in Kalol on Friday Sonia alleged that the Modi government has misused Central government's funds given to Gujarat to harp on false development claims and 'fake image building'.\"UPA government has given crores of fund for agriculture, water harvesting and other welfare schemes to Gujarat. But those funds are misused to trumpet false claims of development and for your fake image building,\" she told people of eight assembly constituencies of Gandhinagar and Mehsana districts. These constituencies along with 87 others will go to polls on December 17.Sonia said that it was Central government who got 108 medical services to Gujarat, but in a veiled attack alleged that Modi claimed it as its project.\"It was Congress who brought 108 to Gujarat. But people have stuck their photos to make false claims,\" she said. She added that people in Gujarat have understood the false propaganda and will not fall into the trap.The Congress president also accused the Modi government of caning women seeking applications to get a home and sending farmers to jail for electricity thefts. \"The government has been busy protecting the corrupt and punishing the innocent,\" she said.Avoiding naming Modi, Sonia accused him of provoking voters by raising the Sir Creek issue. \"People have found a new trick of trying to instigate voters using the sensitive national security issue. We at any cost will not allow anyone to play with country's unity.\"She was referring to Modi's letter to the prime minister over Sir Creek issue. Modi had flagged concerns in the letter that centre was thinking of handing over Sir Creek to Pakistan and the same should not be done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17620974", "title": "Dalit teacher denied housing, HC steps in", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has taken suo motu cognizance of the scourge of untouchability because of which a female teacher from the dalit community was denied residence in Kutch. The local residents' prejudice and the government's apathy forced her to quit her job.Jetal Rushi from Bharuch was appointed as Vidhya Sahayak in Gelda village near Bhuj. But since she belonged to the Valmiki community, villagers in and around Gelda refused to give her accommodation. The girl made a representation to the state government and requested that she be transferred to another place.Since the government did not respond, Jetal resigned and went back to Bharuch. Perturbed by the girl's agony, her grandfather wrote a letter to the high court narrating how the girl was forced to give up her job. He complained that the girl was posted in a village where she could not secure help from any government office because none existed there. A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala filed a public interest litigation on its own on perusal of the letter. Advocate Hemang Shah, who is part of this proceeding, said that the Article 17 of the Constitution provides for the eradication of the practice of untouchability and denying residence to a member of the Valmiki community - which is in the profession of scavenging - was nothing but violation of the constitutional provision.Shah said that in 2008, a PIL was filed on the problems faced by the Valmiki community - people do not allow them to live in their vicinity.The state government then took a stand that it would give priority to the community in providing housing facilities and a resolution too was passed. The lawyer claimed that the denial of a house to Jetal was not only non-compliance of the HC order, but also contempt of court.The high court has sought explanation from home secretary, director of primary education and the secretary of social justice and empowerment department asking them to file answers by December 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17619055", "title": "Mock drill planned in Greater Noida on Dec 15", "text": "NOIDA: The district administration will undertake a mock drill on December 15 in Greater Noida to test the preparedness of various departments in the event of a hazard resulting from accident in any of the industries in the city using hazardous chemicals in their production process. The traffic department, health department, fire department and the pollution control board, among others, will participate.Officials said many industries would also take part. Senior officials worked out the modalities for the drill in a meeting on Thursday, chaired by city magistrate (Greater Noida), Anju Lata. A control room to manage the entire operation would be set up in an industry in Greater Noida and all departments would swing into action after it declares the emergency.The fire department will have to deploy adequate number of fire tenders to the accident spot. An 'incident command post' has been created, which would be manned by police and district administration officials. \"The simulation exercise is being undertaken to test the reaction time and adequacy of various governmental departments to respond to disasters,\" said Anju Lata.The drill would commence at 10 am on Saturday. Ambulances and medical teams would be on standby to help the injured and transfer them to hospitals. tnn The regional office of the state pollution control board has been advised by the district administration to set up three stations nearby the drill site for mock monitoring of air pollution levels during the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619349", "title": "1,056 students apply for bicycle subsidy", "text": "PUNE: As many as 1,056 civic school students have applied for the bicycle scheme this year. The Pune Municipal Corporation gives a subsidy Rs 1,000 to each student to buy a bicycle under the scheme.The civic administration has proposed increase in funding for the scheme since the allocated budget has already been utilized. \"The allocation of Rs 10 lakh has been exhausted. There is a need of Rs 56,000 more so the standing committee should give a go ahead to the proposal,\" a civic official said.The scheme is applicable to students studying between class VI and X in PMC-run schools only. If a student lives within the limit of 2 kms from the school and does not enjoy the 'free bus pass' scheme, he can benefit from the scheme. Total 1,056 students applied for this scheme. The number of girls is more compared (637 girls) as compared to boys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17619974", "title": "PUSU for police outposts at women's colleges", "text": "PATNA: The newly elected office-bearers of Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) will have to strive hard to fulfil their poll promises. For, the 95-year-old university does not provide even some of the minimum basic amenities to its students.Be it drinking water or toilet, everything seems primitive for the scholars of this seventh oldest university of the country. Dilapidated college buildings, leaking roofs of hostels, scarcity of classroom facilities, ill-equipped libraries and laboratories and non-availability of messes and canteens are a pointer to the sorry state of affairs prevailing in most of the colleges of PU.Darbhanga House complex of PU, which accommodates most of the postgraduate departments of social science and humanities faculties, does not look like an academic complex at all. With the hutments and shopping complexes mushrooming all around it unabated, this complex looks like an overcrowded bazaar. Students and faculty members visiting the place have to negotiate with the crowd to reach their destination.Most scholars complain of non-availability of pure drinking water and toilet facilities at this complex. Girl students and women teachers are the worst sufferers as there is no separate toilet for them. There is no canteen for students and they have to visit roadside stalls for having a cup of tea or refreshment in between their classes.When contacted, newly elected PUSU president Ashish Sinha said after the swearing-in ceremony the union would press the authorities concerned for the betterment of infrastructural facilities on the campus. The first priority of the union would be provision of security for university students. The union would strive for opening one police outpost at all the three girls' colleges of PU, Patna Women's College, Magadh Mahila College and Women's Training College. Besides, it would also demand at least one police booth between two coeducational colleges, he said.According to Sinha, even talented boys and girls of the university fail to fetch good jobs in absence of any placement cell. The union would try its best for establishment of a placement cell in the university. Steps would also be initiated for starting smart classes and improving the library services in different colleges and postgraduate departments. Efforts would also be made for opening canteens in all the colleges and reviving messes in hostels, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618826", "title": "'Sanjha chulha' faces stern action", "text": "NAGPUR: Angry members of the opposition forced the government on Friday to take stern action against 'Sanjha-chulha' beer bar and restaurant for the alleged rave party that was organized at its 'Caramel lounge' on August 20 this year. Minister of state for home Satej Patil announced that its license would be revoked with immediate effect (with 24 hours).Opposition members Eknath Khadse and others raised the issue of the growing trend of rave parties that they said were taking youngsters towards vices and immoral activities. Such parties were not only attracting college students but also school going students, they said while referring to an incident.Not satisfied with the replies given by Satej Patil that action was initiated against the Sanjha Chulha management and offences were registered against 8 persons after 173 younths were found partying at the place, Khadse and others cornered the government on the delay in action. They wanted to know why local authorities had not taken action in last four months. Not happy with the minister's assurance that action would be completed in a week, the opposition members kept insisting in accelerating the process. Home minister R R Patil also intervened in the matter.On a query raised by BJP member Devendra Fadnavis about law and order in the city, RR Patil said five new police stations would be set up in near future in the city and the department was scouting for land to locate them. He also assured the house that vacancies of 6,3000 in the police and anti-corruption bureau would be filled in the next five years.Patil also told Sudhir Mugantiwar that the report of the committee headed by Chandrapur guardian minister Sanjay Deotale for examining the demand of imposing prohibition was received by the government and it would announce its decision soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620493", "title": "Rahul to tour Andhra Pradesh in Jan", "text": "NEW DELHI: AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi is expected to tour the state in January. According to sources, Rahul will visit the state in the third week of January to take the message of cash transfer scheme in AP. This is said to have been decided in the meeting he had with the Congress presidents of 51 districts who have been selected for the implementation of the cash transfer scheme. As the Union government is all set to launch the first phase of cash transfer scheme from January 1, 2013 he conducted the meeting to brief them about its benefits and the role they should play in the successful implementation. The meeting, held in the Congress war room on Friday, was also attended by PCC president Botsa.The scheme will be implemented in the districts of East Godavarai, Hyderabad, Ranga Reddy, Chittoor and Anantapur. Sources said Rahul would visit at least three districts and interact with the public and even take feed back from the beneficiarites. tnnUnion Finance minister P Chidambaram is also planning to visit the state tentatively on December 24 so as to create awareness among people on the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17620549", "title": "Archbishop Madtha's body may arrive today", "text": "MANGALORE: Technical problems delayed the arrival of body of Indian archbishop Ambrose Madtha who was the Papal Nuncio to Ivory Coast to the city on Friday. A special flight of the President of Ivory Coast Alassane Quattara that was bringing the body was held up in Ethiopia and is now expected to arrive at Mangalore International Airport on Saturday, after which it will be taken straight to the Holy Reedeemer Church, Belthangady, his native parish.Archbishop Madtha died in a road accident in Ivory Coast on December 8, while travelling from d'Odienne Diocese in Ivory Coast after a priestly ordination. The body was expected to arrive from Abidjan, capital of Ivory Coast here on Friday morning. Eleven officials from Ivory Coast headed by EE Sign Charles Koffi Biby, minister of foreign affairs of Ivory Coast is accompanying the body.In a related development the Nuncio of India Most Rev Archbishop Salvatore Pennacchio who arrived here on Thursday offered a special mass at Rosario Cathedral here on Friday. Archbishop Most Rev Bernard Moras of Bangalore, bishops Most Rev Henry D'Souza and Oswald Veigas of Bellary diocese and Jaipur diocese and Most Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza, bishop of Mangalore attended the mass.The body of late archbishop will arrive in a special casket with zinc plating with a glass window through which the body could be viewed by the public, Most Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza, Bishop of Mangalore told reporters here on Thursday.The Pope and the secretary of state of Vatican Cardinal Tarcisio Bartone have sent condolence messages to family members of late archbishop Ambrose Madtha and the bishop will convey it to Madtha's family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17619933", "title": "Ekta Kapoor in spat with senior citizen", "text": "MUMBAI: Producer Ekta Kapoor has filed a non-cognizable complaint against a senior citizen and his daughter for harassment and assault. \"The incident was reported to us and we took down an NC complaint. The other party has still not approached us with their grievance explaining their position in the case,\" a senior police officer said.Kapoor, who is being accused on a micro-blogging site for misbehaving with a senior citizen, is upset. \"People don't even know the reality. The truth is that I was waiting on the road to visit my doctor's clinic when a person came pushed me,\" she said. \"He told me to move away. How can anyone abuse my father besides it was not my fault,\" Kapoor added.The senior citizen's daughter hit out at Kapoor on a micro-blogging site. \"She is spreading canards when she wasn't even there,\" said Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17623524", "title": "Captain Bana Singh felicitated by Raipur Municipal Corporation", "text": "RAIPUR: Captain Bana Singh Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry, was felicitated by Raipur Municipal Corporation (RMC) at White house on Friday. Captain Bana is in the city to attend the half marathon as the special guest, which is to be held on Decmber 16 at Naya Raipur. Mayor Kiranmayee Nayak, commissioner Taran Prakash Sinha felicitated the captain with a momento in the programme. Capt Singh in his address said that it was the strong will power and confidence that made him successful to face problems with Indian Army at Siachen Glacier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17620913", "title": "Rare vultures spotted in Arunachal forest", "text": "ITANAGAR: Researchers from Rajiv Gandhi University (RGU), near here claimed they spotted three endangered species of vultures at Dying Ering Wildlife Sanctuary in East Siang district during the course of their research studies.The team of researchers includes RGU assistant professor Dr Daniel Mize and junior research fellow Rajat Chetry, who conducted research studies here for a week recently as part of a project to assess the vulture population status in the Siang region. They said they came across several species of vultures including three endangered species - Gyps Bengalensis, Gyps Indicus and Gyps Tenuirostris.After working for three days, the researchers said they encountered a flock of 49 vultures, including cinereous vulture, lammergeier or bearded vulture, Himalayan griffon, Eurasian griffon, long-billed vulture, slender-billed vulture and white-rumped vulture. The cinereous vulture, bearded vulture and Eurasian griffon were seen for the first time in the sanctuary, the team said.\"The site seems to harbour the drastically-declining vulture population in the Siang region because surveys at other areas in Siang did not lead to any vultures being traced,\" the team said.\"The sanctuary is perhaps the most suitable habitat left for vultures in the entire Siang region today. Therefore, efficient management of the sanctuary is necessary to conserve and protect the existing vultures here and to increase their population,\" Mize added.The sanctuary, named after former Arunachal MP Daying Ering, who is also considered the 'father of modern Arunachal Pradesh', is at present on a 'reviving' course due to intensified regular monitoring and patrolling by forest officials to check rampant hunting.The sanctuary is a well-known destination for birdwatching, especially water-borne birds. It is home to approximately 150 species in all, including the endangered Bengal Florican besides land-borne animals like cheetal deer, hog deer, chambers, Nilgai, wild boar, water buffalos, leopard, panther, langur, sloth bear, python and elephants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17620844", "title": "Govt seeks English-speaking student force", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha government has asked universities and colleges to ensure that students in the state campuses are able to speak English fluently. The government told the institutions to conduct special classes to accomplish the task by hiring resource persons from outside if needed.Director higher education (DHE) Satyakam Mishra has written to vice-chancellors and principals about the 'improve English' plan. \"Our students are lagging behind in competition at the national and international level because of their communication skills. If they are able to articulate their knowledge, their employability will improve significantly. Students must be comfortable in speaking English,\" Mishra told TOI.\"Classes in communicative English should be held in teaching institutions to improve the communication skill of students. Such classes may be run using the existing faculty in English or by hiring resource persons in case of need,\" the government directive said, adding, \"This will prepare the students to face different interviews and raise their level of confidence.\" The government, however, doesn't intend to make such classes compulsory for unwilling students, the government clarified.The government further asked colleges to encourage students to read journals and newspapers to keep themselves abreast with new developments and discourage rote learning. The government suggested universities to de-rack old and outdated text books in libraries and dispose of them to make space for new books. It advised institutions to make available new publication of books to students.To modernize the syllabi, the government suggested the varsities to involve representatives of corporate sector, research institutions, banking and financial houses and subject experts in framing need-based syllabi. It also asked universities to put a system in place to ensure automatic and continuous updating of syllabus, commensurate with the needs of the market and society. \"This would also reduce the existing industry-academia gap and produce employable graduates,\" the government said.The government directive has evoked mixed reactions from the teaching fraternity. \"Whatever the government is saying are ideal things, which should happen. But when all the government institutions are grappling with acute shortage of teachers and infrastructure, it would not be practical,\" said P K Mishra, chairman of Utkal University post graduate council. Government colleges have around 1000 vacant posts. Utkal is short of around 90 teachers and 350 non-teaching staff. \"The government should fill up the vacancies in colleges so that such things can be implemented,\" said BJB (Autonomous) College principal Suresh Patnaik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17619661", "title": "'Party pooper' levy irks hoteliers", "text": "MUMBAI: Hoteliers who engage disc jockeys or sell tickets for Christmas and New Year parties will have to pay 25% 'entertainment duty'.\"Any hospitality establishment holding functions on December 24 and 31 by selling tickets exceeding Rs10 lakh will have to apply for permission 15 days in advance,\" an official in the collectorate said .\"A copy of each ticket should be submitted to the collectorate,\" he added.\"The establishments having family parties with live music in banquet halls on these days will have to give a list of the family members attending so as to procure a no-objection certificate (NOC) for exemption of entertainment tax,\" he said.A senior official in the collectorate said the schedule of an announced programme must be adhered to. If a discrepancy is found then party organizers will be liable for legal action.The collector's flying squads may enter hotels and videograph patron.Meanwhile, members of Hotel and Restaurant Association Western India (HRAWI) wrote to additional city collector H Sonawane seeking clarity on the norms. HRAWI president Dinesh Advani said such restrictions will end up discouraging the hotel industry from organizing special events .State administration officials said all transactions of such programmes by these establishments must be certified by a chartered accountant within 15 days of the events. \"While we affirm our stand to operate within the ambit of existing laws and government policies, but we are apprehensive about the manner in which they are being interpreted and implemented by the department,\" said Pradip Shetty, a hotelier and member of the executive committees of HRAWI and the Federation of Hotels and Restaurants Association of India. \"It is a matter of great concern that attendance in special events over the last three years has shown considerable decline even as the number of such events organized have also dwindled remarkably,\" said a hotelier.Sudhakar Shetty, president of Ahar, an association of over 7500 restaurants and bars, said despite directives by the ministers to the administration regarding issuance of permission to extend hotel timings up to 5.30am on for New Year and Christmas parties, such orders have not come yet.\"This makes it tough for patrons to decide their party schedule,\" said Ahar general secretary Shashikant Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17618374", "title": "Officially declare hockey national game: Dilip Tirkey", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the midst of heated and acrimonious arguments in the Rajya Sabha over the demand for a promotion quota for Dalits, former Indian hockey captain Dilip Tirkey managed to draw the attention of the house to his demand to officially declare hockey as the national game of India.A three-time Olympian and the country's most capped (412) international, Tirkey, a doughty fullback before his retirement, now a Rajya Sabha member representing the Biju Janata Dal , will, no doubt, have the support of all hockey lovers of the country at a time when the Indian team is showing some good results.Tirkey, in his brief \"special mention\" speech, said he was pained when the sports ministry, in response to an RTI query, had said that it had no record to show that hockey was the country's official national game.Speaking for himself, Tirkey stated that he had always believed since his childhood days that hockey was the country's national sport. \"How can it be otherwise,\" he argued.India had to its credit eight Olympic gold medals, six of them won in Olympic campaigns without losing a single match. It was through hockey that the world of sports first came to know of India, he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17621718", "title": "A thriving illegal LPG market operates from Bangalore steel shops", "text": "BANGALORE: Here, the LPG refill cap doesn't matter, nor do the numerous drives for address and ID proof. In this illegal LPG market, you get hassle-free gas connections and immediate refills. A TOI investigation found that the illegal LPG market functions brazenly out of steel utensil shops across the city. No questions are asked, no receipts issued. No ID/ address proof documents are required . No waiting list either. Only money and cylinders exchange hands slyly. Hundreds of petty steel utensil shops and oil dealers are the backbone of this business. You won't know which company is supplying the gas, but you can be assured of speedy delivery. All you have to do is to shell out the extra bucks.Sona Pandey (name changed), a tech professional and resident of Shivajinagar, said: \"We don't have to give documents time and again to prove the legitimacy of our connection . We tell our neighbourhood shopkeeper to deliver a 4kg cylinder every month. Yes, the cost is higher than PSU oil company refills, but we have no choice.\"Kinjal Sharma, a techie from Koramangala , runs to a particular shop near Jyothi Nivas College for a 12kg cylinder refill. \"They don't ask for documents. We paid Rs 3,000 and bought the first cylinder. I learnt about this shop from a relative staying in Koramangala for some years now,\" she said.Occasionally, there is some inconvenience as the parallel market shuts down, often due to inspections.The trail of illegal LPG network, which promises fresh connections and immediate refills with no documents whatsoever , runs cold after the utensil shops which are the one-stop supply points.The source is not too clear. There are at least 10 private companies supplying gas to authorized distributors in the city. It is from here that gas is siphoned off to fuel the steel shop gas market. An official of a private gas company told TOI, on condition of anonymity , that they supply gas to authorized distributors but there is pilferage from the latter's distribution and collection yards. He also said there are companies which allocate a share of their stocks to oil and utensil shops.He confirmed that private companies do not require customers to submit ration cards or identity/address proof.This reporter approached a utensil shop owner in Sanjaynagar posing as a potential customer. Shop owner Hari Ram (name changed ) said: \"There are thousands of migrants in the city. Many of them have no ration cards or are small-time businessmen running sweetmeat and tea shops. We charge them Rs 900 for a 12kg cylinder and Rs 385 for a 4kg cylinder. From households which order monthly refills, we collect Rs 4,000 as deposit. We don't require any identity as ours is not a recognized agency.\"The owner of another utensil shop selling cooking gas in Basaveshwara Nagar admitted his business was hush-hush : customers are asked to bring cylinders under cover.\"There have been times when the dealer turns us back, saying gas is not available,\" said Avishek Ghosh Bag, resident of Bhoopasandra . Ganesh V, a cooking gas agent from Sultanpalya, said he has a source in Yelahanka who brings 2-3 cylinders every Sunday to his shop. \"If the man doesn't come on a Sunday because of company inspection or raids, he warns us in advance. We either send customers back or buy from sources at higher rates,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618938", "title": "Bird race all set to take off on Sunday", "text": "NAGPUR: The birders of Nagpur are all set to take off on Sunday for the annual HSBC Bird Race. With around 120 participants already registered through Facebook, the social networking site is proving to be a great way to connect, say organizers.\"The social networking site has made our work much more convenient. We have been able to connect with a lot of people and even people who are not on Facebook have come to know about the event through their friends who use the site,\" said Tarun Balpande, a bird watcher and one of the coordinators. The event being publicized on the net might also mean a lot of young blood takes part in the competition.He also said that since the race is being held in December this time, there are more chances of migratory birds being sighted. \"This is the season when these migratory birds come here. So we are looking forward to a lot of different sightings. Also, the radio collared bar headed geese has not yet been sighted. If it is, then it will be a great achievement,\" Balpande said.The race will begin on Sunday morning and the winners will be felicitated at a programme in the evening at Jerryl Lawns from 6pm. \"SWH Naqvi, principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), has agreed to be the chief guest,\" said Surendra Agnihotri, another coordinator.Bird race is an annual event in association with HSBC Bank. In Nagpur, the organizing partners are Vidarbha Natural History Society (VNHS), nagpurbirds.org and CAC Allrounder.The bird race provides an opportunity to experts and veterans to come together and learn from each other. Bird watching teams will head to various birding spots in and around the city in a 40km radius. The team which spots the highest number of bird species is the winner. A number of people will be felicitated to encourage people in bird watching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17621101", "title": "UGC warns colleges on fund use", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The University Grants Commission (UGC) has written to colleges saying that laptops and CCTV cameras cannot be bought with grants sanctioned by it. The UGC has taken exception to many colleges spending their grants at the last minute, buying laptops for administrative employees and installing cameras in classrooms and offices of principals. \"The colleges will have to pay from their own pockets for laptops and CCTVs,\" an official said. Earlier, the UGC had issued an ultimatum that colleges which did not spend any grant within one year of its disbursement should return the same with 10 per cent interest. The UGC had given grants ranging from Rs 10 lakh to 50 lakh to nearly 500 colleges in Gujarat towards buying new equipment, building a new departments, renovating existing buildings, library and even buying books or journals for research and other expenses for the period between 2007 and 2012.Nearly 500 colleges in the state had received UGC grants. Of these, 150-odd colleges find themselves in trouble as they have spent the grant money for purposes for which the money was not given.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618994", "title": "Comeback show on dull pitch pleases Piyush Chawla", "text": "NAGPUR: Questions are always raised whenever Piyush Chawla gets selected in the Indian team. At 23, he has more than 300 first-class wickets under his belt, but somehow he is always at the receiving end.Despite making his debut six years ago in Mohali, Chawla has managed to play just three Tests so far. In fact, he played his first Test after more than four years.\"There is always pressure whenever you play, but there was little bit more pressure this time because I was making a comeback after a long wait of four years. But the way it has started I think it has been good.\"With nothing substantial in terms of performances in the Ranji Trophy so far, Chawla must have been under some pressure to deliver. However, the four-wicket haul on Day 2 against England\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhis best figures\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmust have given this Uttar Pradesh leggie some relief.\"If you consider the type of wickets on which we played the Ranji Trophy matches this season, I would say I did well. We were playing mostly on seaming or flat tracks. So my performance was good in that sense,\" he said.While Day One was a struggle for both batsmen and bowlers, the Jamtha track played a bit better on Friday. India would have loved to bowl England out for under 300, but it didn't happen as Joe Root, Matt Prior and Graeme Swann ensured that the visitors get a decent total on the board.\"I think the wicket was playing a little better today. It was coming on to the bat when we were bowling in the morning. Let's see how it plays over the next three days, maybe tomorrow onwards it will start turning a bit more,\" he said.The wickets in the last session didn't help India's cause as they needed a big first innings total. Chawla, however, looked optimistic that India can still manage good total if they don't lose wickets in the first session on Day 3.\"We lost a few quick wickets, but we still have two quality batsmen (Kohli and Dhoni) at the crease. They are having a good partnership and seeing the ball really well.Let's hope for the best because the way these guys are middling the ball we could have a good session tomorrow.\"After bagging five wickets on Day 1, India struggled to get past the Root-Prior combination, which added 103 for the sixth wicket. \"We thought if we get one wicket in the morning we can stop them somewhere under the 300-run mark, but Root and Prior batted really well.But when we broke that partnership, we recovered really well,\" he said.He praised the efforts of debutant Root. \"He batted really well. He looked like a mature batsman and the way he batted and the amount of time he spent at the crease, he never looked uncomfortable,\" Chawla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17623522", "title": "South African coach for Ranchi Rhinos in HIL", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ranchi Rhinos, one of the franchises in the upcoming Hockey India League, has roped in South Africa's Gregg Clark as its head coach along with two-time Olympian Baljit Singh Saini.Baljit is an Arjuna awardee and is also the head coach of India's junior men's team. Under his guidance, the Indian team recently won a silver medal at the Sultan of Johor Cup in Malaysia.Clark, who is currently the head coach of South Africa men team, has been coaching the national side from the past seven years.During this period his team has participated in Olympic Games 2008 and 2012, World Cup 2010 and Commonwealth Games 2010.As a player, Clark competed in more than 250 internationals for South Africa.\"I am looking forward to working with Ranchi Rhinos as a coach and I am hungry to win this inaugural tournament. India has the best hockey talent available in the world which we will utilise to build a strong team in the inaugural season of HIL,\" said Clark.David Staniforth, who is currently the goalkeeping coach of South African national side, has also joined the team as a goalkeeping coach and video analyst.Mr Suresh Chauhan, co-owners of Ranchi franchisee, said the team would be a tough one.\"Ranchi is rich in hockey talent and this is the reason behind our decision to buy Ranchi team. We will look forward to promote hockey at grass root level not only in Ranchi but also in entire Jharkhand ,\" he said.\"We would like to thank FIH and Hockey India for taking the initiative of starting Hockey India League and giving us an opportunity to serve and save our national game that has been neglected so far,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17619142", "title": "Government to discontinue Drishti's beach safety management services", "text": "PANAJI: Drishti Special Response Services will not be manning the beaches of Goa next tourism season. The state government has decided not to renew the contract with Drishti for beach safety management and sent it a notice to this effect on Friday.With Drishti's five-year contract coming to an end in June 2013, the government has given the company a 180-day notice period as per the contract's clauses. The notice, signed by tourism director Nikhil Desai, states, \"I am to inform you that the government has decided to issue fresh expression of interest/tender for the work of water safety patrol contract/lifeguarding services on the beaches of Goa and as such the current agreement shall not be renewed beyond June 15, 2013.\"Tourism minister Dilip Parulekar confirmed having sent the notice and said, \"We have decided to go in for a global tender and have a better contract where several additional services will be provided.\" From P 1Sources said Drishti was being paid Rs 21 crore annually by the government for beach safety management. With Drishti being the only company providing beach safety management in India, the state government has now decided to ask for competitive bids from lifeguard service providers operating in other countries.Sources said there has been friction between Drishti and the tourism department over several issues. The nature of the contract itself was a catalyst for souring relations between Drishti and the government. The contract specified that the government would provide infrastructure, while Drishti would provide the service.Over the last few months, Drishti had sought replacement of its beach patrol jeeps which were commissioned three years ago, but the government said it was unable to do so citing regulations that a government vehicle should complete a certain number of years after its commissioning or should have travelled a certain number of kilometers to merit replacement. This non-replacement of equipment, Drishti claimed, was affecting its operations, sources said.The government will now ask prospective bidders to provide infrastructure and equipment besides the service, while it will restrict its role to making payments for the beach safety management programme. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17619358", "title": "Bhoma-Adcolna sarpanch polls end in failure again", "text": "PONDA: Elections to the post of sarpanch for the Bhoma-Adcolna village on Friday ended in a failure for a second time as there was only a proposer and nobody seconded the nomination of Mahima Naik to the post, in spite of all the seven panchas being present.Mahima Naik had former sarpanch Varsha Naik as proposer, but nobody seconded her candidature. This led to rejection of her nomination. Signatures of three members are required, including that of the candidate, the proposer and seconder when filing the nomination.Mahima Naik alleged that local MLA and MGP president Pandurang Dhavalikar did not want her to be sarpanch as she is a BJP member. She also alleged that the MLA had asked her join MGP to get the post. When contacted, Dhavalikar refuted the allegations. He said he had no role in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17621146", "title": "Public spaces unnerve Mumbai women", "text": "A survey conducted by Akshara, an NGO th at works for gender sensitization, has documented that the city's women increasingly feel un safe in all its public spaces and reasons for the rising insecurity.Three country liquor bars along the Kurla station road, for instance, meant drunken men were found loitering in the area. Non-regulation of parking and movement of autorickshaws added to the chaos. \"Construction workers and boys who hang around passed lewd comments. Because of the crowds, it was very easy for any girl to get harassed and face theft and chainsnatching ,'' the study found.At Churchgate and CST subways , lighting was inadequate and women found the vendors threatening. A few vendors were seen eve-teasing and clicking photos of women on their mobile phones. Men loitered at the subway entrance simply to stare at them. \"Many men were seen around a wine shop and heard passing comments on women dressed in skirts and sh orts. Police presence was inadequate and absen ce of CCTV made it difficult to detect crime,'' stated the report.At the Chembur skywalk, widespread harassment of girls was reported. Cases of whistling , singing songs, passing lewd comments and stalking women and girls were reported as rampant . On all skywalks, couples were found to be hanging around. This attracted single men. Skywalks, said respondents , should be freed of hoardings to improve visibility.Poor lighting also plagued Diamond Garden in Chembur, Five Gardens at Wadala and Shivaji Park, where respondents complained of theft and robbery.At Azad Maidan, women were found to use the pathway only in the mornings.Experience of violence by women, said Nandita Gandhi of Akshara, reflects gender in sensitivity of not only the public but also institutions that govern society. \"In spite of the rising rate of crime against women, no police personnel was fo und in any of the places audited.''Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime), though, said the perception that city women are not safe is not statistically borne out. \"We want women to feel safe and have always prided on the fact that it is the safest city in the country. Police patrolling is again a perception thing. There is constant patrolling but its focus shifts given the urgency at a particular time.'' Roy said the police analyze the pattern of crime and try to prevent it. \"For instance, in chain-sn atching, we identify the police st ations in whose jurisdiction th ere is a rise, the affected st reets, time of crime and type of offender .''Key findings of the safety walk1. Station Roads Physical factorsNarrow and overcrowded streets; vendors, shops, bars; dim lighting and inadequate signage Social factors | Drunk men because of bars in the vicinity; men merge into the crowds to rob and sexually harass women; negligible police patrolling2. Subways Physical factorsDim lighting and absence of CCTV cameras Social factors | Men loiter; vendors indulge in eve-teasing3. Parks &amp; Gardens Physical factorsPoor maintenance; no street lights Social factors | No police presence; boys loiter; negligible female presence; higher incidents of chain-snatching and sexual harassment4. Open Grounds Physical factorsInadequate lighting; poor maintenance of grounds Social factors | No police presence; boys loiter; limited use by women who face eve-teasing5. Beach Physical factorsInadequate lighting; same entrance for men/women's toilets Social factors | Vendors; photographers; men who loiter, flash, eve-tease; gamblers, drunkards, drug addicts; no patrolling by police6. Market Physical factorsEncroachment of pavements by hawkers, illegal parking, no CCTV Social factors | Crowd and chaos; eve-teasing and sexual harassmentTimes ViewMake commute safer for city's womenThe survey reveals how the city, or at least its women residents' perception of Mumbai, has changed over the years. Public commuting used to be a nightmare in Delhi. Things obviously are not so bad here but the lack of confidence that the survey reveals indicates we cannot afford to be smug. Every incident of harassment and violence against women adds to the city's negative image and its women's lack of confidence in the city. One way of countering this is better - and more visible - policing in public places and ensuring every offender is booked and punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17621423", "title": "Girl kills self over pimples", "text": "AJMER: Pimples and blackheads can be embarrassing for a growing up girl, but for Harishta, this was enough to end her life!Twenty-year-old Harishta was so depressed with her facial problems that she not only went into a depression, the young girl committed suicide on Friday by consuming poison in her house. She was tense and depressed after being rejected by a family who had come to seek alliance for their son.Harishta was her mother's only child. Vimla Kumari had left her husband's house 15 years ago and was living with Harishta.According to the police, Harishta, resident of New Govind Nagar, on Friday morning consumed poison when her mother went to work. She was alone and her depression pushed her to take the extreme step. The incident came to light when Harishta's cousin Amit came to visit them and got no response. He alerted the police.Police sent the body for post-mortem. \"She consumed poison when she was alone. We have informed her mother,\" said Madan Lal Solanki, ASI and enquiry officer of Ramganj police chowkie.He added that Harshita was depressed following rejection by a prospective groom's family. The family apparently rejected her because of pimples. She had undergone several facials to get a \"facelift\" but nothing worked. \"Following interrogation we came to know that Harishta was rejected by several families because of her \"looks\", said Madan Lal.Recently last week, a family from Jaipur came to see her but rejected the proposal, said the a relative. \"She could not take this trauma and committed suicide,\" said the cops.Vimla, Harshita's mother had broken up with her husband and was living with her for the last 15 years. The desperate mother was keen to get her married before her retirement,\" said the neighbour. However, the regular rejection had taken a toll on both of them and Harishta fianlly gave in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17620885", "title": "MLAs corner govt in house over corruption", "text": "GUWAHATI: Legislalors, cutting across party lines, cornered the state government in the assembly on the issue of corruption in panchayat and rural development department on Friday, which happened to be the last day of the winter session.Congress legislator Anjan Dutta, too, joined the opposition in raising voice against corruption in the department, particularly on the issue of social auditing of funds meant for rural development. The common charges by MLAs were that there have been large-scale anomalies in distribution of job cards and corrupt officials are having a free run and no action is being taken against them.Panchayat and rural development minister Rockybul Hussain said, \"Please give me specific instance for taking action against any irregularities. If there is specific information against the minister, he, too, will be removed.\"AGP legislator Phani Bhushan Choudhury pressed for a submission by the minister that there is corruption at which speaker Pranab Gogoi intervened and said, \"How can the minister admit something which is at present a wild allegation. He will have to investigate and get the actual picture.\"If the minister stopped short of saying there was corruption in his department inside the house, chief minister Tarun Gogoi minced no words in admitting it later outside the house.\"There is corruption of various degrees in government departments and that is not just in panchayat and rural development department but in other departments too,\" said Gogoi. The uproar in the house on panchayat issue assumes significance as the panchayat election in the state is scheduled to be held in January.Gogoi said grievances have been raised by parliamentary secretaries that they had little or no power in their respective departments. \"I agree that their powers are much less than the ministers, but this is how it works. In the Union ministry, too, the ministers of state, except those with independent charge, have relatively very less powers than the cabinet ministers. This has been the practice since the beginning and is continuing till today,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618900", "title": "Strong opposition to proposed changes in property tax", "text": "NAGPUR: The proposal for a steep hike in property tax is facing strong opposition. Two popular organizations, Jan Aakrosh and Vidarbha Taxpayers Association, have submitted objections to Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) proposal to introduce new capital value-based property tax system, replacing the existing rate chart-based system.Jan Aakrosh held two meetings of taxpayers and social activists to collect the objections. Secretary Ravi Kaskhedikar told TOI the new system is not transparent and simple. \"It is confusing whether the new system will operate along side the existing rate chart system. There is no mention about rate of taxation, whether it will be part of capital value. The property tax will increase to a great extent if rate of taxation is added on to the capital value derived from ready reckoner value and the five factors,\" he said.Kaskhedikar added the new system should be introduced with e-governance. \"Tax demand should be sent through emails and we should have online payment option.\"Secretary of Vidarbha Taxpayers Association Tejinder Singh Renu said the gazette notification itself should be cancelled due to various flaws. \"Notification was issued according to CNC Act. Now, the MMC Act has come into effect. Thus the notification becomes useless. A new notification should be published,\" he said.Renu said the new system is based on ready reckoner value. \"Rates mentioned in ready reckoner are never realistic. Besides, the property tax will increase many times. Taxpayers who have given property on lease or rent shall face grave situation, where they might earn less rent than the tax assessed,\" he said.Renu also said attractive rebate should be offered to taxpayers if the tax is paid immediately. \"Interest on late payment is welcome, but not to such great extent. The interest should be reduced to 1% per month from existing 2%. We shall convince NMC to withdraw the notification and publish amendments with fresh opportunity to citizens to file suggestions and objections,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17620036", "title": "North Goa Zilla Panchayat floats tenders for devpt works", "text": "PANAJI: The North Goa Zilla Panchayat (NGZP) decided to float tenders on Friday \"in anticipation of funds\" for various development works in its 30 zilla constituencies.With the government sanction, each member will get around 15 lakh for undertaking development works in their constituency. Various members have already submitted their proposals for works that include infrastructure like footpaths, irrigation works, etc. But some members are still to submit their proposals due to strict guidelines laid down by the government. This is to avoid duplication of work by the zilla panchayats and the village panchayats.The members also deliberated on the preparation of the NGZP annual budget. Each member has to identify development projects that they want to undertake in their constituency and the NGZP has to send the compiled list of works and requirement of funds for government approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620318", "title": "Sena backs off, to remove structure", "text": "MUMBAI: Finally it was the Shiv Sena that blinked first. The eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation between the saffron party and the state government ended on Friday, with the former backing off from its belligerent stand and agreeing to remove the makeshift memorial of Bal Thackeray from Shivaji Park.In an emotional letter to BMC chief Sitaram Kunte, Sena spokesperson and MP Sanjay Raut said, \"On December 18 it will be one month after Balasaheb's cremation After traditional Hindu rituals, the place will be restored to its original state,\" he wrote. Kunte confirmed that he had received Raut's letter.\"There are no pre-conditions. I am sure the Sena will remove the temporary structure on its own on December 18. So the prolonged row over the memorial has been resolved,'' he said.However, Sena sources said this was just a ceasefire and the party would take up the issue of a permanent memorial within Shivaji Park with the government again.After the talks between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and the Sena's Sunil Prabhu and Subhash Desai failed on December 11, a section of senior leaders had been interacting with Kunte and had assured the BMC chief that the party would soon remove the makeshift memorial on its own. However, on Friday, Kunte informally told Sena leaders that if there was no communication in writing, he would have no option but to take action. \"Kunte made it known that he would not wait indefinitely. As a result, Raut put it down in writing in his letter,\" a senior BMC bureaucrat said.Apart from Kunte standing firm, it was chief minister Prithviraj Chavan who took a very tough stand on the issue of the permanent memorial, reiterating from Day One that there was absolutely no question of granting permission for this on the Shivaji Park grounds. \"We made the biggest ever exception while granting special permission to the Sena to cremate Balasaheb in the park,\" he had said. Chavan had cried foul about the Sena's \"breach of trust\" after party members failed to remove the temporary cremation structure post the funeral and instead began demanding a permanent memorial. \"If the temporary structure is not removed within a reasonable period, the BMC will step in and take the necessary steps for its removal,'' Chavan had said.The row over Shivaji Park began on November 23 when former Lok Sabha Speaker Manohar Joshi declared that the Sena would construct a permanent memorial there, leading to the prolonged face-off between senior Sena leaders and the government. Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray, who initially distanced himself from the controversy, declared on Thursday that the temporary structure would be shifted but would be within the park itself. Senior cabinet members and high-ranking bureaucrats are now stunned at the Shiv Sena's unexpected climb-down. \"We feel that Uddhav may not be ready right now for any confrontation with the chief minister,'' a senior Congress minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kotwali", "code": "17621497", "title": "14-year-old blind girl molested", "text": "KOTWALI: A 14-year-old visually-impaired girl was allegedly molested by a local youth of Barua in Kotwali police station area of Midnapore on Thursday. The girl's family has lodged a complaint but the youth has gone into hiding.On Thursday, the victim was returning home after taking a bath near her house when the youth, Sanjay Roy, reportedly molested her.When the girl screamed, a neighbour rushed to her aid. But Roy had managed to flee the spot by then.The girl's mother lodged a written complaint against Roy at Kotwali police station on Friday.\"A search is on to nab Roy,\" said a police officer.Sanjay Roy, a local youth of Barua under Kotwali police station in Midnapore. The police is searching for the accused.On Thursday, the girl was returning home after having bath near her house when Roy allegedly molested her. When the girl screamed, a neighbour rushed in as Roy fled from the spot.On Friday, the girl's mother filed a written complaint against Roy at police station. A search is on to nab Roy.Thursday In another incident, Pintu Roy (30) a local was arrested on charges of allegedly raping a 65-year-old woman. He has been remanded to 14 days of police custody. Basantapur Kharagpur", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618954", "title": "BJP wants Rs1,200 crore per annum for Nagpur Municipal Corporation in lieu of local body tax", "text": "NAGPUR: The city may also join in the league opposing the local body tax (LBT) being introduced by the state government to replace octroi. The BJP-led ruling party at Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to oppose LBT, and demanded financial assistance of Rs1,200 crore per annum from the government if octroi is abolished.Welcoming the government's decision to abolish octroi, leader of ruling party at NMC Pravin Datke said the LBT is not acceptable for the city. \"We, and also the administration, studied the impact on NMC revenue if LBT is introduced. There would be a financial loss for NMC since the sales tax collection stands at around Rs550 crore per annum, while direct revenue from octroi is Rs500 crore per annum. It was our party's agenda to abolish octroi, but we need alternative financial assistance. The government should sanction Rs100 crore per month to NMC. Besides, the financial assistance should increase by 20% per annum,\" he said.Asked about the justification for demanding Rs1,200 crore per annum when octroi revenue is Rs500 crore per annum, Datke said the city has special status. \"City is the second capital of the state. Therefore, financial assistance should be Rs100 crore per month. The funds will be utilized for the development of the city,\" he said.Datke added mayor Anil Sole will place the demand before chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. \"We have requested an appointment with the CM, and will submit a report justifying opposition to LBT. We also spoke to officials and office bearers of other municipal commissioners where LBT was introduced. There is strong opposition from all quarters. Amravati Municipal Corporation could not pay salaries to employees for three months since LBT was introduced. We will also take the advice of traders body and others. The issue will be discussed in the general body. The decision of the general body will be sent to the government,\" he said.Meanwhile, the ruling party leaders led by deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav met officiating municipal commissioner and NIT chairman Praveen Darade on Friday. Datke said they requested Darade to clear long pending files. But Darade said he did not have much time for NMC. \"Why did Darade take the additional charge if he does not have time,\" Jadhav questioned.Darade, however, said work at NMC was going on smoothly. \"I clearly said that no decision or approval will be given without studying the entire issue. It will take time as I am not aware of all affairs at NMC. But I will do justice to my work, and am already doing so,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17620097", "title": "HC issues contempt notice to Noida officers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Friday issued contempt notices to Noida officers Rakesh Bahadur and Sanjeev Saran for non-compliance of an order passed by a division bench of the high court on November 8 last.The notices to UP chief secretary Jawed Usmani and principal secretary industrial development Anil Kumar Gupta and others were received by the state.The order was passed by Justice Vikram Nath on a contempt petition filed by Madhav Samaj Kalyan Samiti on whose petition the said IAS officers were directed to be removed from their posts with immediate effect.The court after issuing the notices clubbed the contempt petition along with other contempt petition filed for the same cause by one Nitin Deshwar. The court will hear the contempt cases on December 20.A division bench of the Allahabad High Court had modified an order passed in a contempt case by a single judge on December 7 directing for personal presence of Jawed Usmani and Anil Kumar Gupta for non-compliance of November 8 order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17619619", "title": "Chemical attack on boy: Accused in custody", "text": "MUMBAI: Powai-resident Asha Gavane, arrested for allegedly throwing chemical on the face of her neighbour's four-year-old son, was on Friday sent to judicial custody. Gavane was arrested late on Wednesday.The victim, Ayush More, suffered burns on his left side of the body and the chemical also entered his eye. \"My son is recovering from the attack. Doctors said there will be no problem in Ayush's eye. He is out of danger,\" victim's father Amol told TOI on Friday.The chemical has been sent to the Kalina laboratory for testing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17622905", "title": "Don't read much into India's struggle against England: Whatmore", "text": "KARACHI: Gearing up for a short tour of India, Pakistan cricket coach Dav Whatmore has warned his team against reading too much into the arch-rivals' struggle in the ongoing home Test series against England.\"We should not be complacent at all because of India's recent form against England. The fact is that the English team is playing professional and well at the moment and India have a big challenge to square the series,\" Whatmore told reporters on the first day of a week-long conditioning camp set up in Lahore for the tour to India from December 22.India are currently fighting to save the series in the fourth and final Test after conceding a 2-1 lead to England.\"But I wouldn't read too much into it because the results of one Test series doesn't necessarily mean that India is a weak side as we all know how good they have been over many years,\" he said.The former Australian Test player also felt that off-spinner Saeed Ajmal would continue to be Pakistan's trump card even in the coming T20 and ODI series against India.\"Obviously we will select our playing eleven and bowling attack after seeing the conditions on the particular day of the match. But feel we've enough boys in the group to satisfy the requirements of any conditions,\" he said.Whatmore said Saeed would remain a threat for India even in their home conditions.\"If you recall Saeed bowled very well against India in the 2011 World Cup semifinal,\" Whatmore noted.\"A series against India from Pakistan's point of view is always important and since this is a bilateral series after five years it is going to be a challenge for everyone. But the truth is that I am looking forward to it and am very keen to do well,\" he said.He said it should be a exciting series since the players of both sides had mutual respect for each other's abilities.\"I saw that when we played them in the Asia Cup in Bangladesh and than in the World T20 Cup in Sri Lanka ,\" Whatmore said.Pakistan incidentally lost both the games. He said what was unfortunate that some people try to build up an Indo-Pak series as something different and not cricket.\"But that's the way it is. We are very keen to play our neighbours and we are looking forward to it very much. It will be an experience, particularly playing in India, where the fans are also very keen to come out and have a look and support their team,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17620414", "title": "Sushil Kumar Shinde, Rehman Malik operationalize new visa regime", "text": "NEW DELHI: Travel between India and Pakistan will become easier with the operationalization of a new visa regime on Friday that allows multi-city visas for up to five cities, visitor visas for two years for senior citizens and children below 12 years, visa on arrival for senior citizens, and group tourist visa, besides exempting specified categories of businessmen from police reporting.The visa agreement was operationalised by home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and visiting Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik , both of whom agreed that it would promote people-to-people contact between the two countries. The visa agreement was signed by the two sides on September 8. Malik said the new visa agreement was not only historic but a step forward for peace.Outlining the key features of the new visa regime, Shinde said visas can now be granted for five places as against the earlier restriction of three cities. Visitor visas can be issued for up to two years where the applicant is above 65 years of age, where a national of one country is married to a national of the other country and children below 12 years accompanying their parents.Senior citizens (above 65 years of age) can now avail of visa on arrival, to be issued at Attari/Wagah post for 45 days with a single entry. This will, however, take effect only from January 15, 2013.In a move aimed at promoting economic ties between the neighbours, business visa norms have been eased, with businessmen with income above 5 million Pakistani rupees or having an annual turnover above 30 million Pakistani rupees now exempt from police reporting.Indians and Pakistanis can travel to each other's country in groups comprising 10-50 members. The groups, organized by approved tour operators and travel agents, will be issued group tourist visas for 30 days. Group visas will, however, be issued from March 15, 2013.Entry and exit from different designated check-posts has been allowed, if indicated in the application, though a person can exit from Attari/Wagah on foot only if he had also made the entry on foot from the same check-post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17619962", "title": "Information centre for 'Biharis' of Mauritius", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government will soon be setting up an information centre that would have a databank with details of Bihari-origin nationals of Mauritius and their ancestors as well as their present-day descendants living in Bihar.\"Once it becomes functional, interested Mauritian citizens wishing to visit their ancestral place and present-generation kin can get all details of their family tree from the information centre,\" Bihar tourism minister Sunil Kumar 'Pintu' said and added people living in Bihar could also access information about their ancestors who were shipped to Mauritius centuries ago.A request to set up such an information centre was made to Pintu during his meeting with Mauritian President Rajkeswur Purryag and Prime Minister Navinchandra Ramgoolam when he was in Port Louis to attend a 'Pravasi Bharatiya Diwas' function in October.Pintu said the Mauritian government was keen to see such an information centre open since the island nation has a huge population of people with origins in Bihar. \"The information centre will have all the data and details of their native place in Bihar,\" he said.Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar has approved of the move to open such an information centre. The location of the information centre is yet to be decided, however.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621406", "title": "HC allows auction of 25 quarries in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around four months after banning all mining activities, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday allowed auction of 25 quarries in various districts of Punjab.While permitting the state to initiate the process of auctioning the mining quarries under a close and strict monitoring mechanism, the court of Justice Rajive Bhalla observed that the system of issuing manual slips for lifting minerals from the quarries was being misused.The court also issued directions to instal weighing machines at the quarries to keep a tab on each vehicle's weight to prevent contractors from extracting material in addition to the prescribed limit by over-digging and thereby harming the ecology.In August this year, the HC had imposed complete and immediate ban on mining in the state without environmental clearance in operational quarries of up to five hectares in the state.The court also directed that environment impact assessment committee would grant permission in each case so that there was no ecological degradation. The HC has also told the trial courts to avoid releasing vehicles and equipment used for illegal mining.The division bench also made it clear that the HC's endeavour was only to ensure the undertaking of mining after obtaining requisite permission and following the rules, which was not being done.Justice Bhalla was miffed over the recent statements made by the state governments that rates of building material have reached all time high because of stay on mining by the Punjab and Haryana high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17618921", "title": "Nagpur University fails to submit reply on reval case", "text": "NAGPUR: Bombay High Court here adjourned the case of 106 engineering students till Tuesday as the Nagpur University failed to furnish re-reassessment results of eight answer sheets within the stipulated period. Earlier, NU had sought time for reply till Wednesday as the answer-sheets were yet to be checked and returned by the lecturers whose names were kept confidential. A division bench of justices Bhushan Gavai and Ashok Bhangale on Friday, however, set Tuesday's deadline for the university.This revaluation issue has already caused inconvenience for students and rendered them ineligible for this year's winter examinations. In a previous hearing, the court acknowledged that prima facie, by tallying the answer key and the students' answer sheets, many lapses in valuation were evident.However, both justices gave an immediate ruling in favour of the students even though they said they did not understand engineering subject and that they were bound by Supreme Court directives asking all courts for minimum interference in educational matters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17619313", "title": "Is the CM right in saying that people in Delhi know nothing about the Goa mining issue?", "text": "I do not agree with the chief minister that the centre knows nothing about mining issues in Goa. The central government has its own forest, environment and mining ministries and also its own mechanism to get information about the happenings in the state. At the same time, the state government has to inform the Centre on the ground realities. So both the centre and the state have to work together to resolve the mining issue. Also, the Supreme Court appointed committee had come down to Goa and studied the situation correctly and submitted a final report. Is the government trying to say that the report is incorrect?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17618640", "title": "Lakshya launches city chapter", "text": "MUMBAI: Lakshya, a Pune-based NGO that identifies and nurtures sporting talent, launched its Mumbai chapter on Thursday. Lakshya has a Mumbai representative in under-19 national badminton champion, Harshil Dani.The 17-year-old has been taken under Lakshya's wings only recently. Besides Pune, it currently has operations in Nashik, Kolhapur, Ahmedabad, Surat and Vadodara.Lakshya at present supports sportspersons from six disciplines - shooting, boxing, tennis, badminton, cricket and chess. The organisation plans to help at least 12 athletes to qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics, after five of its supported players made it through to the London Games.Started three years ago, it supports over 50 players, including Rahi Sarnobat (shooting), V Diju (badminton), Ashwini Ponappa (badminton), Jwala Gutta (badminton)and Jai Bhagwan (boxing), who qualified for the London Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17623508", "title": "Four naxals held, another gunned down", "text": "RAIPUR: Security forces have arrested four Maoists during an encounter in Kanker district while another Naxalite was gunned down in Bijapur district, both in tribal Bastar region of Chhattisgarh.Police said the encounter took place in the forests when three teams of Kanker district police and Special Task Force (STF) were patrolling in the forests of Konge and Panjur forests. The rebels opened fire at the security forces, leading to an encounter that continued for hours together. Police said they have recovered the body of a slain naxalite and claimed that at least eight rebels might have lost their lives in the encounter.The security forces also destroyed a Naxalite camp in the forests of Bilamunda and Kuti. The rebels, however, managed to escape. Meanwhile, the security forces gunned down a Naxalite in Bijapur district in an encounter and recovered a muzzle loading gun, 23 detonators, and grenades from the encounter spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "sulthan bathery", "code": "17618688", "title": "A smashing comeback for Jomol", "text": "SULTHAN BATHERY: Thiruvananthapuram's centre blocker Jomol PJ was very disappointed to miss out from the last year's Kerala State Senior Volleyball Championship at Vengalam due to an ankle injury.She was in prime form throughout the year and had led Kerala to the 34th National Games volleyball title in February 2011. But the injury forced her to stay away from volleyball for more than a month which saw her missing the National Championship too.But the break has done a world of good for this girl from Payyannur, Kannur, as she is back on the volleyball court with renewed vigour.Jomol has been sizzling for the defending champions in the 42nd Kerala State Senior Volleyball Championship being held at Sulthan Bathery.Her on-court aggression played a pivotal part in Thiruvananthapuram entering the semis of the tournament on Thursday.\"I was a member of the Indian senior team when we played in the Asian Women's Volleyball Championship in September 2011 at Taiwan.Though we lost all our group matches against Kazakhstan, China and North Korea, it was a huge learning curve for me,\" said Jomol, who represented India in the 16th Asian Games held at Guangzhou in 2010.Jomol joined SAI Thalassery in 2003 and her coach Balachandran T is in awe of her determination. \"She is very dedicated and raises her bar when playing against strong teams. She is 25 now and she can achieve a lot before she finishes her career,\" said Balachandran.The lanky girl was part of the Kannur University team when they won the All India Inter-University championship in 2006, 2007 and was leading the team when they completed a hat-trick in 2008.Jomol joined KSEB, Thiruvananthapuram after her graduation from Brennan College, Thalassery in 2008 and is now working as a junior assistant.Jomol is two matches away from another shot at title this time for Thiruvananthapuram. She hopes her performances in the tournament will be good enough for her to make it to the state team that will play in the next national championship. \"I have been performing well and want to play for India again,\" Jomol reveals her goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17620352", "title": "Employees\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 strike may hit projects worth Rs 3,000cr", "text": "LUCKNOW: The strike staged by UP government employees in protest against the quota in promotion bill appears to have put some of the ongoing crucial infrastructural projects in a dock. According to government sources, projects pertaining to roads, bridges and irrigation worth thousands of crores have come to a standstill with employees and engineers refusing to work. Sources admit that if the strike gets prolonged, it would not only delay the ongoing projects, but also lead to escalation of the project costs.In departments like Public Works Department, UP Bridge Corporation, Irrigation and Rajkiya Nirman Nigam alone, projects more then Rs 3000 crore approved for the current financial year, have got stalled while the strike entered its second day, sources said. For instance, construction of as many as 102 bridges, undertaken by UP Bridge Corporation at a cost of around Rs 1,200 crore came to a grinding halt because of the strike.Likewise, PWD had some of the important road construction projects, including the crucial Indo-Nepal border road project involving construction of 640 kilometres of road at a cost of around Rs 1,600 crore. PWD sources said that many employees and engineers categorically refused to work before heading for Lucknow to join the agitation. Highway projects worth around Rs 300 crore undertaken by the national highway wing of PWD too was affected by the strike. A senior official in PWD said that though projects are carried out by private contractors, but various testing and monitoring is done by government engineers. \"This is to ensure quality of work,\" said a senior engineer in PWD.This is apart from the road maintenance works that the department sought to undertake this winter across the state. In Lucknow, the widening of Lohia Path too was put on hold by the striking engineers. However, ongoing road construction work in Allahabad on account of Kumbh was exempted.Irrigation projects worth over Rs 600 crore too got stalled because of the strike. The department was in the process of executing projects like Rajghat project (for Bundelkhand), Bansagar project connecting MP with UP and Saryu project for irrigating vast stretches of fields in East UP. The Saryu project alone is worth Rs 600 crore, of which the state government had sanctioned Rs 300 crore in the current financial year.Similarly, projects executed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission in cities like Lucknow, Kanpur, Agra and Allahabad came to a standstill as engineers of civic agencies stopped working.President of UP Engineers Association (UPEA), Akhtar Ali Farooqui said that the period between October and March is considered as the 'working period'. \"This is the time when most of the projects are undertaken at large scale,\" he said. The projects sanctioned in the April, when the new financial year begins, are carried out for only couple of months before they are held up on account of Monsoon. Construction activity is carried out at an extreme slow pace till September after which construction activity gains momentum. \"The departments have a set deadline to spend the budget before the new allocation is made,\" Farooqui said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17620541", "title": "Properties of Bandi's kin raided", "text": "HUBLI: Income-tax department officials on Friday swooped down on the commercial establishments owned by family members of women and child welfare minister Kalakappa Bandi.The raids, which began late on Friday, were simultaneously conducted on Vanashree Petroleum and a saw mill owned by the minister's brother Siddappa and Vanashree Traders and a hardware shop and a dairy owned by the minister's wife Sanyukta.These commercial establishments are located in Gajendragad of Gadag district. Joint commissioner Balakrishna led the searches with a dozen accompanying him. The raids were also carried out on the premises of a doctor in Gajendragad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17620226", "title": "Corporal punishment: Panel to send notices to 2 schools", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after TOI reported two separate incidents of alleged corporal punishment in schools, the Maharashtra State Commission for Protection of Child Rights (MSCPCR) has taken suo motu cognizance of both cases. It will send notices to both schools in this connection.\"We are taking cognizance of both the complaints based on the newspaper reports. The schools will have to act on the notices and we will also have to look into the inquiry of both the cases,\" said A N Tripathi, secretary of MSCPCR.On Monday, a 13-year-old boy of Christ Academy School in Koparkhairne was reportedly slapped and pinched by his class teacher for failing to prepare and deliver a speech in school. The next day, an 11-year-old girl of Abhuday Vidyalaya in Ulhasnagar was allegedly slapped so hard by a teacher that she was left with a swelling in an ear. Parents of both the students have filed non-cognizable complaints against the teachers.\"A number of corporal punishment cases have been registered across the state; this is really upsetting. Parents, too, need to take such cases seriously and report them as and when they happen,\" said Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17621271", "title": "Woman accuses Motor Vehicles Department inspector of misbehaviour", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A woman lodged a complaint with the Road Transport Officer (RTO) here about a Motor Vehicles Department Inspector for allegedly misbehaving with her.Following this, driving schools boycotted the driving tests held in Thiruvathukkal on Friday.According to the complaint, the incident happened on Thursday evening.The inspector demanded favours for getting the lady a driving licence and his conversation with her had sexual overtone, cites the complaint.Meanwhile, the Motor Vehicles Department has initiated an inquiry into the complaint and the officer who is alleged to have misbehaved will be kept away from the duties in connection with driving tests till the inquiry is completed.The woman had cleared the two-wheeler driving test on November 23 but had failed in the four-wheeler test.Though, the licence is despatched via registered post, the woman was made to come to the MVD office several times.On Thursday, she was given two-wheeler licence but the inspector sought favours from her for clearing her four-wheeler licence, says the complaint.Among the 120 applicants, all the others except one were students of driving schools.The schools have taken a stance that they will participate in the driving tests only if proper action is taken against the concerned officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619293", "title": "Sharp rise in applications for boundary markings, non-agriculture plotting", "text": "PUNE: From the time the state announced the merger of 28 villages to the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) limits, the number of applications for boundary markings and change of status/title of land to non-agriculture (NA) has increased. According to the office of land records in Pune district collectorate, the number of applications have gone up by at least 20% to 25%.Sources said owners want their land marked and the status of titles changed before the government announces any further plans of land acquisition or come up with land reservations in these villages. A land records official said, \"The Haveli taluka office earlier received about 400 applications in a month, but now it is getting not less than 500 applications. Needless to say, many of the villages proposed for merger fall in the Haveli taluka.\"Another official said the trend is being witnessed across the district. \"Besides Haveli, other talukas in the district are also getting more applications for land markings. Our office now receives around 1,900 applications in a month as against 1,400 that we used to receive a year ago,\" he said.The department was able to complete land markings in around 13,346 cases in rural parts and 2,292 cases in urban parts during a period of eight months (April-November). These cases included marking of agriculture land, NA plotting, court commission, sub-sections and cases of land acquisition by the government for larger projects like development of industrial areas, construction and expansion of roads etc. An official said that the target for completion of cases has been increased in the current year considering the increased number of applications.According to the department, 8,100 cases of land markings were pending in villages. While about 640 cases of land markings were pending in urban parts of the district. About 219 cases were pending owing to various appeals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619248", "title": "PMC proposes higher administration charges for vendors in Mandai", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration has tabled a proposal before the standing committee to increase the administrative and garbage charge five-fold for the Mandai area in order to deal with the massive amounts of garbage and rising number of roadside vendors.The PMC charges Rs 10 per day from the street side vendors, who set up their stalls in and around Mahatma Phule mandai area. The proposal has suggested an increase of Rs 40. Therefore, after the approval of the proposal a vendor will have to pay Rs 50 per day to the civic administration.\"The PMC imposes an administrative and garbage disposal charge on the vegetable vendors. It also collects from other vendors, who have their stalls on the sides of the roadsdo their business along side the road,\" states the proposal.The civic administration had fixed the charge of Rs 10 per day in 1998 and since then there has been no hike in it.The orders given by the civic administration in 1998 stated \"The civic administration does not charge from the vendors outside the Mandai area. It has led to an increase in the number of roadside vendors. The administration should start collecting Rs 10 from the people.\"The then civic administration in their orders had asked the anti encroachment department and the land department to coordinate the program. The administration had also sought a 15 day report on the collection charges.\"The intention of increasing the charge is to provide better cleanliness in the area. We hope that increased rate will also help in reducing the number of illegal vendors, who are currently operating in this area,\" said the PMC officials.There are over 3000 vendors, who do their business in and around Mandai areas. Mahatma Phule mandai's is among the well-known spots in the city. The eight-sided building facilitates access to the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17619340", "title": "39 arrested for stealing goods from trucks", "text": "PUNE: The Pune rural police on Friday arrested as many as 39 people, including scrap dealers, truck drivers and cleaners, for stealing copper wires, aluminium sheets and steel pipes from trucks of various transport companies.The racket was busted after the police carried out raids at two scrap godowns at Varsoli, near Lonavla, and the other at Kanhe Phata, near Vadgaon Maval. Goods, including the stolen material, trucks and gas cutters, worth Rs 18 lakh, were seized during the raids.The raids were carried out in the wee hours of Friday and the police team was led by the superintendent of police, Manoj Lohiya. A strict secrecy was maintained about the entire operation as even the local police were not aware about the raids. Also, the cellphones of the policemen taking part in the raids were taken away. The phones were given back only after the operation was over.Lohiya told TOI that he had received a tip-off that some scrap vendors on the Pune-Mumbai highway were involved in stealing steel materials from trucks and later sold the same as scrap.Lohiya said, \"Two teams were formed to carry out the raids. Eighteen people were arrested from the scrap godown at Varsoli, while three people managed to escape from the spot. Stolen goods worth Rs 2.30 lakh have been recovered from the godown.\"\"At the other godown in Kanhe Phata, 21 people were arrested, while five people managed to escape. Material worth Rs 15.67 lakh, including steel pipes, aluminium sheets, copper wires and trucks were seized from the spot\".Explaining the modus operandi, Lohiya said, \"The truck drivers used to take the trucks loaded with material to the godowns where the scrap dealers along with their men used to remove a small part from the consignment, which, normally, would go unnoticed, and sell it off at throwaway prices.\"All the arrested have been charged under section 380 (theft) and 381 (theft by clerk or servant of property in possession of master) of the Indian Penal Code.The local crime branch of the Pune rural police had raided a godown in July last year and had seized material worth Rs 30 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17621671", "title": "Clear files within three days, Dahiya tells officials", "text": "GURGAON: In the last House meeting, several councillors complained that the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) officials knowingly delay the work by not clearing the files for weeks, and at times, months on end. Some of them also alleged that the files containing details of various projects that were to take place in their respective wards have gone missing.Acting on their complaints, municipal commissioner Vijay Singh Dahiya has directed all officials to clear the files within three working days. The only exception will be in cases of policy decision.\"The maximum limit for paper under consideration (PUC) will be three working days.I myself will try to set an example by clearing the files within a day. Only those files dealing with certain policy matters that need close scrutiny will be made exceptional. No official will be allowed to keep the files beyond the three day limit. The files have to keep moving so that the projects are not delayed. Also the executive engineers have to clear the detailed project reports within the stipulated timeframe,\" said Dahiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17619568", "title": "School's expansion plan pinches parents", "text": "LUCKNOW: The expansion plan of a prominent school of the city has evoked a sharp reaction from a section of parents. They have strongly objected to the school's move to impose a monthly 'donation' on the students for the next six months to meet the cost.On December 10, all the parents of St Agnes' Loreto Day School students received a notice from the school in which they had been requested to pay an additional Rs 500 for the next six months as a contribution for the construction of the intermediate section block opening next session. The notice also mentioned that the decision was as per suggestions made by parents at a meeting.This amount was over and above Rs 300 per month the school has started charging from the beginning of this session for the development fund. The parents who showed the copy of the notice to the TOI denied having attended any meeting, let alone making any suggestion as mentioned.\"This was arbitrary and not a request,\" said a parent, flashing the school notice before this reporter. \"The additional Rs 3,000 one has to pay over the next six months is quite a sum for some parents,\" he said. When TOI contacted principal Sr M Stephanie Rodrigues, she sadmitted that a development fund of Rs 300 per month was being charged since the beginning of this session. When TOI asked her whether parents' consent had been sought before imposing the additional Rs 500, she said that a meeting of parents of senior section's students was held some time back and another meeting of junior section has been called next Saturday. The school, however, has sent the notice about the donation to the junior section even before this meeting.With a strength of 1,000, the school is expected to mop up about Rs 66 lakh through the development fund and the monthly donation while the projected cost of the infrastructure expansion is around Rs 1 crore. Sunita, another parent whose daughter is in class VI, said that in the beginning of this year the school had communicated to the parents about the expansion plans and the cost it would involve. \"But nobody paid heed as the contribution was not mandatory at that time. Therefore, the school, has gone on to impose the additional charges under two heads for the purpose.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17620708", "title": "Land dilemma delays Puri slum rehab project", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Uncertainty looms large over implementation of Rajiv Awas Yojana (RAY) in Puri as the Railways is undecided whether or not to hand over its land to the state government to rehabilitate around 2,200 slum-dwellers, who have illegally constructed shanties on nearly 35 acre of land close to Puri railway station.Though housing and urban development department (H&UD;) and East Coast Railway (ECoR) have already held a series of meetings, the Railways is reluctant to allow the state government construct houses for slum- dwellers on its land, which was already earmarked by the Railways to undertake beautification projects. The Railways has been struggling to retrieve its land from the clutches of the encroachers.\"Many ambitious projects are in the pipeline on the encroached land. We have been urging Puri district administration to evacuate the illegal occupants from the land,\" said a senior railway officer. \"We have not yet decided whether we would hand over the land for RAY project,\" he said. The RAY envisages costruction of concrete houses and other basic urban facilities for slum-dwellers so that the town becomes slum-free.H&UD; department expressed its inability to scout for alternative site for the project as it would amount to violation of State Slum Rehabilitation and Development Policy. \"As per the policy, the slum-dwellers should be rehabilitated on or close to the place where they have been staying since long,\" said H&UD; deputy secretary Anjana Panda. \"We are in the process of holding talks with Railways to sort out the land matter,\" Panda said.Sources said Railways is contemplating to go for a swap deal with the state government. It has sought nearly six acre from the state government at the Malatipatpur railway station on the outskirts of Puri to give away its land to H&UD; department.A joint team of H&UD; department and ECoR visited Malatipatpur a few days ago to take stock of the land. \"We have asked Puri tahasildar to find out whether any private land falls under the patch,\" another H&UD; department officer said.Meanwhile, Puri municipality has been asked to initiate measures for preparation of detailed project report for the RAY project. Government plans to commission the project before 2015 Nabakalebar festival of Lord Jagannath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17621307", "title": "Send us home for Christmas: Italian naval guards", "text": "KOCHI: On Friday, two Italian marines accused of killing two fishermen off Kollam coast in Kerala last February approached the Kerala high court seeking permission to be with their family in Italy during Christmas holidays.The plea comes a day after Italy summoned the Indian ambassador in Rome to urge the Supreme Court to reach a decision before Christmas to settle the dispute over where the marines -- Massimilano Latorre and Salvatore Girone -- should be tried.Italy's foreign ministry on Thursday said it had summoned the ambassador to express its \"profound surprise and concern\" that the Supreme Court had not ruled on the case three months after arguments ended.The petition filed through advocate P Vijayabhanu said the marines want to attend a special prayer ceremony to be held in Italy during Christmas as well as spend time with their families. The marines, who were granted bail by the Kerala high court on May 30, 2012, are staying at a private hotel in Kochi. They have to report at the city police commissioner's office every day at 10am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17619444", "title": "'Maharashtra must release Tillari water to Goa'", "text": "BICHOLIM: Water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar said the ongoing agitation aside, the Maharashtra government has to release water to Goa from the Tillari irrigation project.The agitation by rehabilitated residents of villages that were submerged by the project entered its sixth day on Friday. Being held inside the canal, bhajans and programmes were seen under way till late evening.Earlier in the day, a delegation of the agitators met Mandrekar. Pointing out that as per the agreement between the two governments, Maharashtra was bound to release water to Goa, the minister said the Goa government has already shouldered the responsibility of rehabilitating the people who now live at Sal.He further told the delegation that while it is possible to resolve this dispute by sitting across a table, it is wrong to try to do so by stopping the water supply to Goa.The delegation was led by Dodamarg ZP member Rajendra Mhapsekar, taluka Shiv Sena leader Baburao Dhuti, BJP leader Ranganath Gawas and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17621169", "title": "Make commute safer for city's women", "text": "The survey reveals how the city, or at least its women residents' perception of Mumbai, has changed over the years. Public commuting used to be a nightmare in Delhi. Things obviously are not so bad here but the lack of confidence that the survey reveals indicates we cannot afford to be smug. Every incident of harassment and violence against women adds to the city's negative image and its women's lack of confidence in the city. One way of countering this is better - and more visible - policing in public places and ensuring every offender is booked and punished.Related Story  :  Public spaces unnerve Mumbai women", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17621469", "title": "30-yr-old man convicted of rape, double murder", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 30-year-old man was convicted of rape and double murder by a mahila court here on Friday. The judge will pronounce the sentence on December 17.Delivering the verdict, mahila court judge M P Subramanian found the accused, A Murugan, guilty of murdering M Meena alias Meenakshi, 38, and raping and murdering her daughter, M Selvi, 17, at Kottur near Anaimalai on July 5, 2008. The judge said the accused was found guilty on charges of murder (two counts), rape, causing disappearance of evidence of offence, wrongful confinement, robbery and house trespass in order to commit the offence punishable with death.Murugan pleaded that he should be let off the charges as he has elderly parents and four children.According to Kottur police, Meenakshi, a native of Kodaikanal, her husband, Murugan, and their daughter, Selvi, were working at Sakthi Thai poultry farm at Somanthurai village near Kottur and were staying in a house near the farm. The accused, A Murugan of Thiruchuli in Virudhunagar district, was also working in the same farm and was staying next door.According to police, the accused lost his job on June 18, 2008, after he sexually abused Selvi at the work place. A few days later, on July 5, Murugan entered Selvi's house and tried to assault her again. When Selvi shouted for help, her mother intervened. Murugan attacked Meenakshi with a hammer and killed her. He then dragged Selvi out, tied her hands with her dupatta and raped her. Later, he strangulated her and fled the spot. Kottur police registered a case and arrested the accused on July 15. The case came to the mahila court in 2011.This is the second sensation case that has been heard in the court of Subramanian recently. His court had sentenced R Manoharan to death in the Muskan-Hrithik murder case a few weeks ago.Coimbatore: In a case of brutal double murder, the Mahila court here found the accused guilty of charges and convicted him. Orders on sentence reserved for December 17. According to sources, the prosecution had planned to demand death sentence of the accused.M P Subramanian, Judge, Mahila court convicted the accused A Murugan, 30 who brutally murdered a 38-year-old woman M Meena alias Meenakshi and raped and murdered her 17-year-old daughter M Selvi, 17 at Kottur near Anaimalai in Coimbatore district on July 5, 2008.Delivering the verdict on Friday, the judge said the accused found guilty of the charges of murder (two counts), rape, causing disappearance of evidence of offence, wrongful confinement, robbery and house trespass in order to commit offence punishable with death.The judge asked the accused Murugan that whether he had anything to say on the sentence, Murugan replied that he has elderly parents and four children.He demanded the judge that he should be released from the case. Then the judge posted the pronouncement of sentence to December 17. Public prosecutor R Sarojini appeared for the prosecution.Kottur police said Meenakshi, a native Kodaikanal, and her daughter Selvi worked at Sakthi Thai poultry farm at Kottur and staying in a house near the poultry farm. Murugan, husband of Meenakshi was also working at the same farm.The accused A Murugan of Thiruchuli in Virudhunagar district worked in the same poultry farm and stayed in a house situated next to the Meenakshi's house.He sexually abused the minor girl Selvi who lodged a complaint with the poultry farm manager Anguraj. Based on the complaint, Murugan was removed from the job on June 18, 2008. He told Selvi and her family members that he lost job because of her and he would revenge her and family members.On July 5, around 4.30 am, Murugan entered into Selvi's house and started to sexually harass her. She shouted for help and her mother Meenakshi tried to save her daughter from Murugan. Meanwhile Murugan took a hammer from the house and attacked on Meenakshi's head. She sustained severe head injuries and died on the spot.Later, Selvi was taken to an agriculture farm, situated near the poultry farm by Murugan. He tied her hands with her duppatta and raped her. Then the girl was strangulated to death by Murugan who later managed to flee from the crime scene. Kottur police registered a case and arrested the accused on July 15 and the case came to Mahila court in 2011.M P Subramanian had given double death sentence to the convict in Muskan murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17621231", "title": "High court seeks MoEF stand on killing of tiger", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala high court on Friday asked the Union ministry of environment and forests to explain its stand on a petition seeking a CBI enquiry into the killing of a tiger at Wayanad recently. The petition alleges that killing has brought dishonour to the nation, tiger being India's national animal.Considering the petition filed by advocate R Sudha, a Green Cross World Environment Protection Action Group activist, division bench comprising of chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique ordered the sending of notices to the ministry of environment and forests and Tiger Conservation Authority of India, seeking explanations.The tiger, which had created panic among the villagers at Tholpetty in Wayanad district, was shot dead by a special team of forest department officials on December 2.Officials had claimed that the tiger was shot dead after efforts to drug it using tranquillizers failed. The forest department's move was after villagers reported that the tiger has been killing cattle in two villages over the past three weeks.The petition at the high court points out that the tiger was trapped once before and it had to be killed now as officials failed in trans-locating it to a suitable place.TOI had reported that the tiger, said to be at least 10 years old, was captured as a cattle-lifter on November 14 but released back into the wild the same day.Though the tiger had not attacked humans, which is the only provision by law to allow its killing, forest officials shot the tiger dead, joining in the frenzy of the local people. Instead of shooting, forest officials could have trapped the animal after asking people to stay away, the petition said.The shooting was in violation of provisions of Wildlife Protection Act as the tiger was not a man-eater, the petitioner alleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "zhuhai, china", "code": "17620664", "title": "Chinese co second biggest SIM card supplier in India", "text": "ZHUHAI, CHINA: A Chinese company has emerged as the second biggest supplier of SIM cards for mobile phones in India this year. The government-controlled Eastcompeace Technology is supplying the phone chips to Reliance Communications , Tata Teleservices , Airtel and Vodafone, besides providing SBI with smart cards.Eastcompeace has implemented high level of security standards to ensure safety of phone and banking data, Daniel Hu, VP of the state-owned Potevio, which owns Eastcompeace, told journalists on Friday. In the area of smart cards, the firm has obtained licences from both Mastercard and Visa, he said.The company also designed the chip that went into the latest and controversial version of Chinese passport that contains China's map showing India's Arunachal Pradesh and Aksai Chin. But, Hu said his company's chips do not contain the maps, which were put at the government's printing facilities. \"Data security is an important concern for our customers. But we cannot access the data while producing the chips as they are encrypted,\" Kevin Chen, company's deputy GM and in charge for Indian operations, said.Potevio owns a 25% stake in Eastcompeace, while the rest is held by different entities including state-owned Chinese banks and companies, the executives said. \"The government is not involved in the management or business of the company,\" Hu said.Eastcompeace's share in the Indian market is rising steadily and currently it has 13% share of the Indian SIM card market. It has supplied 90 million SIM card chips to India. The company's plant in India produced 60% of them, while its unit in Zhuhai in South China rolled out the rest, Chen said. The company is the biggest player in Pakistan. Its India operation is the largest, with revenue worth $18 million followed by Pakistan ($9m), Russia ($6m) and South Africa ($4m).International operations, which include Bangladesh and Singapore, account for 55% of its total revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17621168", "title": "Speeding car kills pedestrian in Sector 23", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A pedestrian, Ram Saran Das, 29, was run over by a speeding car while crossing the road near the post office in Sector 23 on Thursday night. The speeding car was being driven by Manpreet Singh of Mohali. An injured Das, who resided at Sector 44, was rushed to Government Multispecialty Hospital-16, but he succumbed to injuries during the treatment. A team of traffic policemen inspected the accident spot and concluded the car was being driven recklessly. As many as 55 pedestrians have died on city roads in 11 months.Most pedestrian deaths occurred when they were crossing the road in dark. On November 5, Kamlesh Kumari, 45, was crushed to death while crossing the main road near airport light-point on Dakshin Marg. The police records indicate that four children out of the 55 victims were crushed to death outside their houses, like in the case of Gehana, 4, of Sector 38, who was crushed to death near her residence by a speeding SUV on February 20.Sudhir Singla, a member of the traffic advisory committee, said the increasing traffic density and movement of heavy vehicles on internal roads are responsible most for fatal accidents. \"we have requested the administration to construct speed breakers at various accident prone points,\" he said.Das's body was handed over to family after postmortem on Friday. The accused driver was arrested and released on regular bail. A case was registered at Sector 17 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-15"}
