{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12873492", "title": "HC tells govt to consider curbs on tobacco", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court in an important direction has directed the state government to now consider the appropriateness of restricting the consumption, sale and distribution of tobacco and nicotine in food products on the same lines as the MP government has already put restrictions on the consumption, sale and distribution of the tobacco and nicotine in food products.Passing this order on a PIL filed by Indian Dental Association and UP state &amp; others, a division bench consisting of Justice Amar Saran and Justice Anurag Kumar has asked the chief secretary of the state either to put restriction on the same lines as in MP or show cause through the appropriate secretary in this court by the next date on May 23, 2012as to why such a direction imposing the restrictions on the consumption, sale and distribution of tobacco and nicotine in food products may not be issued by this court for enforcement of regulation to 2.3.4 prohibiting the use of tobacco and nicotine as an ingredient in any food product.The bench has also made it open to the manufactures of the paan masala and gutkha products to move intervention application for clarifying their position by the next date. The petitioner through the PIL seeking ban on the production , sale and consumption of tobacco and nicotine in food products, it has been alleged that the use of the same are causing oral cancer.It was submitted in the court that \" food safety and standards ( prohibition and restrictions on sale) regulations 2011 \" under the food safety and standards act 2006 has been enacted empowering union government to frame regulation to put ban on the use of tobacco and nicotine.The court in its order referred that \" according to a study conducted by the indian counsel of medical research and the WHO ( world health organization ), south east asian regional office, new delhi, 2001 , 80 percent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12874048", "title": "Litmus test for Mahanta today", "text": "GUWAHATI: For AGP founder-president and two time chief minister Prafulla Mahanta, the election for the next party president is not going to be easy. While the issue of Mahanta's alleged involvement in the secret killing phase is being raised by various quarters, the veteran leader scrapped all allegations saying that it as a conspiracy of the Congress.Reactions from the Ulfa's pro-talks faction also started pouring in on Wednesday on the eve of the poll. The factions' publicity secretary, Mithinga Daimary, said, \"Ulfa's stand against the perpetrators of the secret killing in Assam will always be the same. We are not in favour for some one who has links with the secret killing episode,\" said Daimary, who came to the Tada court for a hearing.In 1998, five members of Daimary's family were killed by \"secret killers\". Mahanta was the chief minister then. However, senior Ulfa leader Pradip Gogoi said the statement from Daimary is personal. \"Ulfa has not decided on its stand regarding the AGP poll yet. It might be his personal statement,\" said the Ulfa leader.In reply, Prafulla Mahanta accused the Congress government of spreading rumours to malign his image. \"This is a conspiracy by the Congress. Mithinga is in Congress's hand. I and my government were not involved in so called secret killings. This is only a wild allegation against me to malign my image for political gains. The Congress fears me leading the party,\" said Mahanta.Meanwhile, the AGP headquarters at Ambari was seen busy preparing the voting room and ballot boxes for Thursday's polls. According to party sources, the poll will be an interesting one as both the contenders for the president's post are experienced and strong.Party insiders said 30 votes from six different cells created by the party some months back are going to play a major role. The AGP has formed six cells in the party after an amendment to its constitution.The cells - tea tribe, linguistic minority, Hindi-speaking, Nepali Parishad, tribal and religious minority cells will have five votes from each cells. \"These 30 votes are going to be crucial. Padma Hazarika has good hold over the newly formed cells and district committees, while Mahanta is a powerful face for the post,\" said the source.Though the Central Election Committee of AGP has made all arrangements for the polls, including police support, Bijon Mahajan, a member of the committee, said, \"We hope it will be peaceful.\"On Thursday, the party poll is going to be over by 3 pm and the results will be declared according to hierarchy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12877239", "title": "No change in visa policy on Narendra Modi: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US has has said there is no change in its visa policy with regard to Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi .\"Our position on the visa issue hasn't changed at all,\" State department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference yesterday.Nuland was responding to questions on the letter written by Congressman Joe Walsh to the secretary of state, Hillary Clinton , that the US government reverse its 2005 decision not to issue US visa to Modi.The letter by Walsh was written about a fortnight ago. \"If we do respond, it'll be along familiar lines,\" Nuland said.In a statement, the Indian American Muslim community demanded the State Department should not change its 2005 policy on Modi's visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12875733", "title": "Northeastern Railway plans to speed up projects", "text": "VARANASI: Encouraged with increased revenue from passenger fare along with penalty recovered from passengers travelling without tickets in the last financial year, the North Eastern Railway (NER), Varanasi division is looking forward to stepping up the pace for various projects in the current year.While the extension of facilities for passengers is at the top of priority list, giving momentum to other infrastructural projects is also attracting the attention of division this year.According to divisional railway manager (DRM), NER (Varanasi), Lalit Kapoor, while the last year would be remembered for expedited work of gauge conversion that witnessed completion of 99 km Captanganj and Thave section, the current year would be known for intensified work to extend and enhance passenger facilities at the stations under the division. \"As many as 35 stations out of 120 stations under the division have already witnessed start of computerised reservation system facility while 20 other stations have witnessed start of UTS cum PRS facilities. The UTS facility would be extended to all remaining stations with the help of VSAT in the current financial year (2012-13),\" he added.It may be mentioned here that with the start of Jan Sadharan ticket booking system, a number of passengers in east UP region along with parts of neighbouring Bihar falling under the division have been benefitted. It includes stations like Deoria, Azamgarh, Balia, Suremanpur, Mairwa and Manduadih besides Chapra and Siwan in Bihar. In addition, with completion of Standard-III panel interlocking in Captanganj-Thave section and gauge conversion, the NER (Varanasi) is also looking to increase revenue from passenger fare and freight charges this year.As per reports of the DRM office, the Varanasi division has registered an increase of 6.30% revenue from initial passenger fare, realizing Rs 368 cr in the last financial year. Similarly, it registered collection of Rs 8.36 cr from penalty of passengers travelling without tickets, an increase of whopping 34% when compared to past year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12875149", "title": "Students unite to protect environment and birds", "text": "INDORE: To add to the beauty of the city and provide shelters to birds, many city students have been planting thousands of saplings. The students of SDPS College, Rural School of Kasturba Gram, Women Polytechnic College and other schools have planted saplings at zoo and at their respective institutions.Prathmesh Deshpande, a student at SDPS College, said they formed a Karuna Club in their institution aiming to plant trees and protect animals.Sunil Sharma of Acropolis College of Engineering believes that it is the responsibility of the people to save the environment. \"It is for the first time I planted a sapling. I would like to see it becoming a tree,\" said Sunil, adding that he often visits the place to check out whether the sapling that he has planted is safe and growing.Meena Mishra of Carmel Convent School said she loves to volunteer for environmental protection, but she cannot devote her entire time to take care of plants as she preoccupied with her routine. Another student Kavita Kidwani of Arnold High School is excited to be a part of a campaign \"Save environment\". She said she always wanted to plant trees but there was no space in her house to carry out the plantation. After joining the club, she can now fulfill her wish by planting trees at places falling under her campaign. However, she is of the view that looking after plants is a bit difficult task.Karuna International's Sudhir Khetawat said around 2,846 school principals have given their consent to form a club at their respective schools and join the campaign. District education officer Rajani Jadhav is also planning to set up environment clubs in 2,735 primary, middle and higher schools across the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12874361", "title": "Lawyers' bandh shuts down Sambalpur", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Life was thrown out of gear in Sambalpur on Wednesday following a bandh called by lawyers to demand the removal of the collector for allegedly abusing them.Sources said the bandh was quite successful with several social organizations and political parties lending support to the lawyer's cause. Commercial establishments, banks, government offices and markets were closed. However, educational institutions remained open as the lawyers decided not to include school and colleges in the purview of the bandh because of the ongoing examinations. Reports said lawyers at Kuchinda and Redhakhol also observed cease work, expressing solidarity with their counterparts in Sambalpur.\"Barring a few stray incidents, the bandh was totally peaceful. But we have arranged for extensive security to curb any untoward incident during the bandh,\" a senior district police officer said.\"The bandh reflects the people's anger against the collector, Mrinalini Darswal,\" claimed the president of Sambalpur Bar Association, Pramod Rath. He added that the crime branch probe into Monday's scuffle between lawyers and the collector could not be fair with Darswal remaining in her post.On Monday, there was a scuffle between lawyers and the collector triggered by an argument over the valuation of land. While the collector alleged that the lawyers had assaulted her and attempted to outrage her modesty, the lawyers have denied the charges saying she abused them using filthy language. Different cases were registered at the local police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12875074", "title": "Hatia adds to Rajya Sabha election suspense", "text": "RANCHI: The political temperature in Jharkhand that was already high because of impending Rajya Sabha election went even higher with the announcement for Hatia assembly bypoll slated for June 12. With the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha (P) spitting venom against its age-old ally, the Congress, and Babulal Marandi announcing to abstain from the poll, the two major allies of the ruling coalition are almost convinced of winning both the seats in the Upper House of Parliament.This, however, depends on the moves of yet another ally of the NDA government, the All Jharkhand students union (Ajsu), which has kept the cards close to its chest.The 81-strong Jharkhand assembly has 80 members with the Hatia seat remaining vacant following the death Congress MLA Gopal Sharan Nath Shahdeo. Lone CPI-ML MLA Vinod Singh has been abstaining from the Rajya Sabha election everytime to express his protest against the alleged underhand dealings during the poll process. Subsequently the strength of the house is 79 which can further go down to 68 in case 11 JVM legislators adhere to the party whip.The BJP and its ally the JMM are yet to sit across the table as they are confident of each others support. However, both parties are concerned about the five precious votes of the Ajsu which has maintained complete silence. Ajsu chief Sudesh Mahato, who is also a deputy chief minister in the coalition government, told TOI that the party had not been approached by the BJP or the JMM. \"Our core committee will take a final decision on April 28,\" he said.Reports of Ajsu MLAs expressing unwillingness to support BJP candidate S S Ahluwalia are making rounds though none of the MLAs has yet been vocal. Mahato agreed that there could be some differences but an official stand would be made public after the core committee meet.Given the condition of 11 JVM MLAs abstaining from voting, the winning criteria for each candidate will come down to 23 votes instead of usual 27. The BJP and the JMM, both with 18 MLAs each, are hopeful of garnering support of five MLAs each. To win the elections with first preference votes, both the parties will require 10 votes which they are hoping to get from Ajsu (five), JD (U) (two) and two independents of Videsh Singh and Chamra Linda who have extended support to the government.JMM general secretary and spokesperson Suprio Bhattacharya said they doubt the announcement of the JVM. \"Our candidate Sanjeev Kumar will hold talks with every possible party and individual to explain his plans for development of the state so that we remain prepared for 27 votes,\" he said.BJP spokesman Pradeep Sinha agreed that the party had not convened official talks with the alliance partners but unofficial talks were already underway.Congress candidate Pradeep Balmuchu is also making efforts to persuade irked JVM leaders and planning to strike a deal in terms of Hatia bypoll. Congress insiders say a seat in the Rajya Sabha is more important for the party under present political situation than winning an additional seat in the assembly election. The JVM earlier had requested the Congress to extend support in the Hatia bypoll in return for its support in the Rajya Sabha election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12874620", "title": "Construction sites hotspots for power theft", "text": "CHENNAI: A total of 34 cases have been registered against leading construction firms in the state and Rs 3.93 crore collected in fines for stealing power in 2011-12, TNEB vigilance officials have said.Construction sites, officials say, are among the places most associated with power theft. In Chennai, more and more people are moving to the suburban areas where an increasing number of dwellings is being constructed. Many aren't even aware they are stealing power illegally, said TNEB chief vigilance officer Seema Agarwal.There are 17 EB vigilance squads, including a flying squad in Chennai, and 17 ex-servicemen vigilance squads in the state to monitor power theft. In 2011-2012, these 34 squads raided 1.69 lakh service connections across the state and registered 8,563 cases. \"We categorise a case as a high value theft if the provisional assessment exceeds Rs 5 lakh and we have booked 100 such cases in 2011-12. The value of the fine amount collected from the violators is Rs 12.54 crore. Of the 100 cases, at least 34 were registered against various builders for stealing power illegally for construction purposes and Rs 3.93 crore was collected as fine,\" the officer added.\"When a person decides to build a new house after demolishing an old one, the latter may have either a domestic power connection or a commercial one. The builders or the house owners should approach the nearby TNEB office and get a temporary connection saying they are going to build a house. However, the domestic connections (minimum 75 paise per unit up to Rs 6) and the commercial connection (Rs 6.10 per unit) cost less than a temporary connection (Rs 10.50 per unit), and so many people don't apply for that,\" Seema Agarwal told TOI.Roping in ex-servicemen for inspection of power theft is paying high dividends. The squads formed last year collected Rs 19.74 crore and booked 8,254 cases in the state in 2011-12. EB vigilance teams in the state collected Rs 60.66 crore for the same period. \"There has been a 60% increase in fine amount collection,\" said Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12868440", "title": "Latino beauty in M\u2019wood", "text": "Forget north Indian beauties, next on the line to enter Mollywood is Latin American sensation Fareisa Joemmanbaks, the winner of Miss India Worldwide 2007.The model-turned-actress will be seen in debutant director Rajesh Nair's Annum, Innum, Ennum.\"The movie revolves around relationships and covers all age groups,\" says Rajesh. \"There is a wrong notion that yesteryear love was divine, and over the years relationships have deteriorated. There is a tendency to brand love involving the younger generation as fake. The movie busts these myths,\" says the director. Annum, Innum, Ennum will also star, Jishnu, Nishan, Siddique, Salim Kumar, Rekha and Radhika. The shoot will begin on May 5 at Trivandrum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12875863", "title": "PM congratulates scientists for PSLV launch", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh today hailed the successful launch of PSLV carrying Risat-1 and congratulated the scientists associated with the project.The Prime Minister called secretary department of space and chairman Indian Space Research Organisation K Radhakrishnan to congratulate him and the scientists for the successful launch, the PMO said.India's first indigenous all-weather Radar Imaging Satellite (RISAT-1), whose images will facilitate agriculture and disaster management, was launched successfully on board the PSLV-C19 from Sriharikota in the early hours today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12875692", "title": "Day on, choice numbers still make people queue up", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even after UT administration cashed in on the new vehicle registration number series CH01AM on Tuesday, generating revenue of nearly Rs 75 lakh from sale of 163 numbers, craze for the remaining numbers continued a day after.A large number of applicants queued up at the Registration and Licensing Authority (RLA) office to inquire about the remaining numbers. Apart from attractive three digit numbers and repetitive numbers, many wanted to pay extra for numbers for superstitious or emotional reasons. The RLA has fixed reserve price of Rs 5,000 and Rs 10,000 for choice numbers.\"My house address, mobile number and even my date of birth has 26. That is why I want to buy 2626 as 0026 will not be available as all two digit numbers were sold out in the auction,\" said Kamal Sachdeva, a private practitioner based in Manimajra.Amarjeet Kaur, an artist from Panchkula added, \"I am willing to pay Rs 5,000 for any number that adds up to 9, which is my lucky number. However, my husband is insisting that I should pay more and get a number which should at least look paid for. What is the point if people don't get to know that it's a paid number, he says.\"The series has a total of 999 numbers and due to reports that there could be an increase in road tax, the number of applications was unprecedented.That is why many applicants are now looking forward to the next series, which is likely to be announced soon as it would have more available numbers.\"I am buying the form, but I don't think I would be applying for a number in this series. As it is I have bought my car only last week and can afford to wait for three weeks to apply for the new series,\" said Ajay Ahuja, resident of Sector 49.Apart from the top 10 single digit numbers, most of the double digit numbers and a variety of catchy numbers like 1111, 4444 and 100 were also put up for grabs in the auction. 0444 was bought for Rs 45,000, 0099 went for Rs 1,51,000 and there was a lot of craze for 0100, which had the highest bid of Rs 2,01,000.Since January, over 15,000 vehicles have been registered by RLA. Usually it takes up to five months for these many numbers to get registered. This had led to early launch of the series CH01AM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon/shillong", "code": "12874386", "title": "Meghalaya CM blames niece\u2019s suicide on racial discrimination", "text": "GURGAON/SHILLONG: A day after an MBA student was found dead in her hostel room in Amity University's Gurgaon campus, she has been identified as Dana Sangma, niece of Meghalya chief minister Mukul Sangma. The city police on Wednesday registered an FIR against the university's administration.In Shillong, chief minister Sangma described his niece's suicide as a \"result of discrimination\" by the authorities of the institute. \"Primary evidence suggests that the girl was thrown out of an examination hall after the invigilator found a mobile phone with her,\" Sangma said.The CM also said that students from the northeast are regularly subjected to humiliation by the university, which, he said, could also be true in the case of his niece. \"This could have resulted in mental pressure that pushed the girl to take the extreme step,\" he added. \"There have been many instances of students from the northeast being subjected to all kinds of atrocities and discrimination,\" Sangma told reporters.Police filed the FIR after a complaint was lodged by Dana's aunt Sofia. Twenty one-year-old Dana's body was found on Tuesday afternoon after she returned from the examination hall.Investigators said that during the examination, the university officials caught the victim cheating through a mobile phone. \"The girl might have committed suicide as its fallout,\" police officers said.Sangma's daughter Miani Shira, a student of SRCC, said the university authorities compelled Dana to take the extreme step. She alleged that Dana was traumatized. \"All such practices should stop. The university authorities also did not inform her family members about the incident. We have filed the FIR seeking action against whoever is responsible for this,\" Miani said.The university has rejected all allegations of torture or pressure. Vice chancellor of the Amity University (Gurgaon), Major Gen (retd) B S Suhag said they have no personal agenda against any student. \"She was a nice student and we never received any complaint against her. The invigilator had reported a case of using unfair means when she was caught with her mobile phone in the exam hall,\" Suhag said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12874109", "title": "Special kids get a royal treatment", "text": "GURGAON: Disabled children and children with special needs were given a royal dining experience and a vintage car drive in the city on Wednesday. Hosted by the restaurant, 21 Gun Salute, the extraordinary lunch put a smile on the faces of about 50 special children from the Delhi-NCR region.Among the special invitees was Benzy, an autistic girl who had won the 2nd National Child Award from the Ministry of Women and Child. Her mother Kavita said: \"April being the autism month, there couldn't have been a more appropriate time for such an event. For children with special needs, these events prove to be especially motivating and beneficial. Society needs to become more aware and we need to find more such avenues. One should look beyond profit as such children make us aware of the good in us.\"Some children are abandoned while others live in a shelter or in the care of an NGO. Whatever these children were suffering from, Wednesday afternoon was a special day very different from their daily routine when they got to experience and enjoy.Not many of us spare time to care and do something different for the not-so-privileged lot. This was a first-time experience for the children who got to enjoy exotic food and a vintage car ride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12875023", "title": "3rd judge refuses to hear Chudasama's bail plea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A third judge of Gujarat high court has refused to hear the bail plea of suspended IPS officer Abhay Chudasama in connection with the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case.Justice Bankim Mehta recused himself from hearing the case on Wednesday. Last week, justice M D Shah said 'not before me' to this litigation. Last year, justice Z K Saiyed had also refused to hear this case. The judges are not supposed to divulge the reasons for refraining from hearing a particular case.In his bail plea, Chudasama has contended that he has had an extraordinary service record, but the CBI intended to tarnish it by branding him as a close friend of gangster, Sohrabuddin. He has also cited an example of cracking of the 2008 serial blasts case, describing how he detected the Indian Mujahideen's conspiracy and nabbed the culprits within days of terror strike, particularly when all agencies were grappling in the dark over terror attacks by IM across the country. His contention is that CBI relied on hear-say evidence to fix him in order to reach former minister of state for home Amit Shah .On the other hand, CBI has stated that appreciation of evidence is a subject matter of trial and alleged that the former crime branch head was involved in the case since the beginning by setting up the firing at Popular Builders' office in 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12878345", "title": "Intel has a five-year plan for smartphones", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Intel Corp, whose chips are debuting in smartphones for the first time this week, expects to become a \"big player\" in the market over the next five years, following more than a decade of failed attempts.\"Intel doesn't go into markets to be a small player,\" Chief Financial Officer Stacy Smith said in an interview today at Bloomberg headquarters in New York . \"It's a billion-unit market, so there's huge opportunity for us.\"Intel has announced five customer wins for its phone-chip designs, with the first device going on sale in India. The company is aiming to parlay its dominance in PCs -- where it has more than 80 per cent of the market -- into orders for smartphones, which are increasingly taking on the functions of computers. In the past, Intel hasn't been able to gain ground against wireless-chip rivals such as Qualcomm Inc.This week's debut means Intel is finally making headway in the market, Smith said.\"As of a week ago, we had zero share,\" he said. \"As of this week, it's zero-point-something, because the first phones are selling.\"While phone chips won't be material to Intel's results in 2012, the company expects to have \"meaningful sales\" by next year at this time, Smith said. \"And five years from now, we want to be a significant portion of the market,\" he said.'Big number'Smith declined to quantify what would be significant for the Santa Clara , California-based company, beyond \"a big number.\"Intel shares rose 2 per cent to $27.86 at the close in New York. They have gained 15 per cent this year.India's Lava International Ltd became the first company to offer an Intel-based phone, rolling out a model called the XOLO X900 that runs Google Inc's Android software. Intel announced the partnership in February, saying Lava would sell both phones and tablet computers using its processors. The XOLO X900 went on sale in India on April 23.France Telecom SA's Orange, Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc, Lenovo Group Ltd and China's ZTE Corp also plan to use the chips. Intel had previously announced partnerships with Nokia Oyj and LG Electronics Inc, but those deals didn't result in phones coming to market.Taking on QualcommQualcomm, based in San Diego , is the biggest maker of baseband modems -- the chips that connect phones to cellular networks. It also makes applications processors, which run the software on handsets. Texas Instruments Inc and Nvidia Corp compete in the market as well.Apple Inc, meanwhile, designs its own application processors, which are manufactured by Samsung Electronics Co. Intel is offering both application processors and baseband chips.Mobile-phone shipments are estimated to reach 1.7 billion in 2012, a gain of 8.2 per cent from 2011, according to IDC. Smartphone shipments, a subset of the mobile phone market, will surge almost 34 per cent, the research firm predicts.That's a faster pace than the PC market, which remains Intel's main source of revenue. Worldwide PC shipments will increase 4.4 per cent this year to 368 million units, according to Gartner Inc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12873212", "title": "Live wire from billboard electrocutes bull", "text": "COIMBATORE: It was a miraculous escape for residents on PF Staff Quarters street in Peelamedu on Wednesday morning after the exposed portion of a power cable connected to an advertising board adjacent to where the lane meets the arterial Avinashi Road reportedly became live and electrocuted a bull.The bull, lugging a cart loaded with a water tanker, came in contact with the live cable when it accidentally stepped on a puddle formed over the exposed portion of the wire and died on the spot. The bullock cart driver R Mohanraj jumped out in the nick of time. The private advertising agency representatives later settled the matter after they arrived at a compromise with Mohanraj and his father N Ramasamy to pay Rs 25,000 as compensation for the dead animal.\"My son was lucky as he managed to jump out just in time but we could not save the animal. We believe it was pure luck that none of the residents and pedestrians got hurt,\" said Ramasamy, owner of the bull.The incident occurred at around 8.45 am and power supply was suspended in the area within minutes. Police and electricity board officials from East Town Peelamedu station rushed to the spot. EB officials claimed that normally underground cables to illuminate advertisement boards should be dug at a depth of more than one foot. Peelamedu police confirmed the leakage in the power cable used to illuminate the advertisement board had caused the accident.\"It had rained last night and there was some leakage in the power cable. The animal came into contact with the live wire and got electrocuted,\" said C Karthikeyan, Inspector, Peelamedu Police Station.Electricity board officials said a report will be prepared on the incident as per the protocol but said that since advertisement boards get power from one single source which is looped to other billboards in the vicinity, the private advertisement agency and its electrical contractor should maintain the line.\"It is an outgoing line. There is one single power source which is maintained by the electricity board and the remaining connections taken from this point are outgoing connections and it should be maintained by the private parties involved,\" said an electricity board official who had visited the spot.Residents on the lane claimed that the underground cable was not laid properly which resulted in the mishap. \"The bull actually saved our lives. If any of us had stepped on that puddle then it would have been a terrible tragedy,\" said Renuka Selvaraj, a resident.The private advertisement agency officials claimed that it was a simple incident and they had paid compensation to the owner of the bull. They also stated that there was no leakage at the point and were not in a position to clearly state the reason behind the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12875743", "title": "Steep hike in power tariff likely next month in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents are set to get a bigger jolt in their forthcoming power bills as Joint Regulatory Commission (JERC) has still not notified the 50% hike in power tariff, which has to be implemented with effect from April. The decision has been pending for over a month now.Submitted on December 30, through this petition, Chandigarh electricity department had sought a nod to its proposal of hike in the power tariff rates. The JERC had admitted the petition in January, but is yet to notify it.The hike in tariff has been proposed to overcome the revenue gap which, according to the department increased due to no tariff hike from 2005 to 2010. The revenue gap in 2010-11 was Rs 351.66 crore and therefore 27% to 31% hike in tariff was made applicable since April 2011. As per the petition filed by electricity department, the revenue gap in 2012-13 has been projected as Rs 169.17 crore. But the total cumulative gap for 2012-13 has been projected as Rs 332.94 crore. To overcome this, the department has proposed a tariff hike for next fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi/islamabad", "code": "12872788", "title": "Pak fires Shaheen in tit-for-tat test", "text": "NEW DELHI/ISLAMABAD: Pakistan tested an upgraded version of its Shaheen missile on Wednesday, in an apparent retaliation to India's Agni V launch. A Pakistani army statement said the Shaheen 1A is a nuclear-capable intermediate-range ballistic missile, while military analysts said it was capable of covering almost all of India.Interestingly, the Pakistani authorities withheld crucial information about the missile, namely its range, which is what gives a missile its bragging rights. According to reports by observers, the missile touched 1,000km, though there was no confirmation from Pakistan, and its point of impact was in the Indian Ocean. Many of Pakistan's missiles can reach faraway Indian cities, so this was hardly a breakthrough. This has led many to suspect that the question of parity with India was paramount during the test launch.The test of Shaheen 1A came up for mention in the monthly security review meeting called by defence minister A K Antony on Wednesday, which was attended by national security adviser Shiv Shankar Menon and the three service chiefs.But the test was largely dismissed as \"routine\" in nature, with the range of the 750km Shaheen 1 missile probably being extended. Pakistan also has the Shaheen-II missile that has a strike range of 2,500km.But the test made one thing very clear: Pakistan continues to maintain the \"parity\" argument with India. Particularly in defence and security matters, Islamabad ignores the growing asymmetry with New Delhi to be seen as \"equal\". Pakistan's strategic plans division chief Lt Gen (retd) Khalid Ahmed Kidwai said the improved missile version could successfully hit a target in the Indian Ocean and would \"further strengthen and consolidate Pakistan's deterrence capabilities''. An expert said the latest launch signifies \"Pakistan's resolve to upgrade and modernize its nuclear delivery system''.\"Authorities have not described the missile's exact range but this is perhaps the longest-range missile in Pakistan's nuclear programme. An intermediate-range missile is capable of hitting targets at a distance of 2,500 to 3,000km,\" said Talat Masood, a defence analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12875439", "title": "4 of family killed in accident", "text": "PATNA: Four persons of the same family were killed and three others seriously injured in a road accident when an autorickshaw collided with a road-roller on GT Road under Mufassil police station in Aurangabad on Wednesday morning.The accident took place when an autorickshaw, coming from Gaya and heading towards Sasaram, collided with a road-roller used in NH-2 expansion work. The autorickshaw turned turtle in a roadside ditch and the roller came crushing over it.Four persons were killed on the spot while three others, including the autorickshaw driver, sustained injuries. Those killed were identified as Krishna Tati, his wife Koeli Bedi, daughter Munia Kumari and brother-in-law Chunnu Sao. The injured are Jitendra Singh , Mohd Ijaj and Saroj Kumar. The injured were admitted to a nearby hospital where their condition was stated to be serious.Agitated over the incident, the locals blocked the road for over three hours. They also resented the presence of NHAI officials, who had to retreat earlier. They came back only when the police reached the spot. The NHAI officials announced a compensation to pacify the locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12875617", "title": "BMC readies proactive draft to handle water complaints", "text": "MUMBAI: Following the rising water-contamination complaints in residential societies, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has begun to draft a five-point appeal for all residential societies to counter the recurring problem. The list of guidelineswhich is likely to be given protocol statuswill be sent to all residential societies as soon as the BMC team ties up the draft in consultation with the hy draulic departments chief.The guidelines are likely to elucidate proactive measures the BMC would take following water contamination co mplaints. They would also elaborate measures societies can take. Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner, told TOI on Tuesday, It is essential that we demystify the way the civic body functions. Citizens will only be able to enjoy all the services once we reach out to people. The possibilities of turning this appeal into a protocol for all residential societies will be looked into.The guidelines also lay down that tanks in residential societies be made water-proof to prevent external water from entering. According to the civic body, 90% societies store water in underground tanks and then pump it to overhead tanks. Societies should ensure that tanks are cleaned at least twice a year with bleach powderand chlorine tablets. Water jets should be used to clean tank walls. Samples can also be se nt to the civic body for testing.The BMC has found that sewer lines are responsible for contamination. Wet waste must therefore not be allowed to flow down drains. The BMC has assured that all contamination complaints would be addressed in 24 to 48 hours. In case the reaction time is longer, societies can use chlorine tablets, which could either be bought from the market or procured from a BMC ward office. Lastly, societies should use C-class galvanized pipes for underground and B-class for outdoors. An alternative are noncorrosive polyethylene pipes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12874259", "title": "Not vaccinated for H1N1, health workers at risk", "text": "CHENNAI: Even after three bouts of H1N1 in the past three years, tens of thousands of doctors and nurses in the country have not been vaccinated. The National Institute of Virology in Pune has recommended vaccination for frontline healthcare workers, including doctors and nurses, as per the World Health Organisation protocol, but the government hasn't yet made it mandatory.On Wednesday, four of the six cases reported in Chennai were doctors, medicos and paramedical staff. Officials at Chennai Corporation said a doctor from Adyar Cancer Institute, a nurse from K G Hospital, another from the Sri Ramachandra University and a final year MBBS student from Madras Medical College tested positive for the flu, along with a woman admitted to the Women and Children Hospital in Egmore for delivery.At the Chennai-based Sri Ramachandra Medical Centre, a staff nurse who has been caring for children, said she had not been vaccinated for the flu. \"Two of my friends tested positive on Tuesday. We feel as if we are at war, minus protection,\" she said. Her voice echoes the sentiments of healthcare workers across the country waiting for vaccination.Many doctors, nurses and paramedical staff in cities like Pune, Mumbai, Bangalore and Jaipur said they were yet to take the first dose of the anti-flu vaccine.There have been 920 cases of H1N1 and 57 deaths in the country in 2012.Healthcare workers are among the highest priority group along with pregnant women, those with chronic medical conditions and transplant patients. In 2009, several hospitals organised vaccination camps for employees, distributed protective masks and pasted posters that reminded them of preventive measures.\"We don't see that happening in all hospitals now. Patients coming to the hospital won't have high levels of immunity and tend to get such infections early. Unprotected hospital workers can transmit the infection. This could prove deadly,\" said S Elango, Tamil Nadu's former director of public health.Senior officials in the Union health ministry say that even doctors shy away from taking vaccines and several doses of vaccines sent to government hospitals during the 2009 epidemic remain unused.\"Since the virus has not shown significant change in virulence, the vaccine is quite effective right now. If at all the virus shows any cognizable mutation in future, then WHO will change the vaccine composition to include the new strain. As for the adaptability of the virus to the tropical heat and summer season, this is true of all influenza viruses. We see some amount of influenza activity round the year,\" said Madeep Chadha, deputy director, National Institute of Virology (NIV), Pune.(with inputs from Umesh Isalkar in Pune)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874396", "title": "Left Front to put up a united show in civic polls", "text": "KOLKATA: Disunity among ranks is a luxury the Left Front can ill afford now. So, it is not without reason that all Left Front constituents met on Wednesday and decided to fight together the impending elections to six municipalities and two assembly by-elections.Left Front chairman Biman Bose said, \"We've decided not to repeat the past mistakes. There should be more coordination among us.\"It is widely expected that the state election body will announce on April 30, the polls to form the civic boards in Durgapur, Haldia, Nalhati, Panskura, Dhupguri and Coopers Camp Notified Area. For the possible elections on June 3, the last date of filing nominations will be May 7 and candidates can withdraw it, if they choose to, by May 11. The Election Commission has already announced the by-elections to Daspur and Bankura assembly constituencieson June 12.\"The Left Front discussed the elections to ensure we fight unitedly. It had not happened on the last occasion,\" the Left Front chairman said.A few of the Front constituents had fought the elections alone in different municipal seats in the state earlier. The CPM, of which Bose is the state secretary, had on occasions been accused by some Left Front constituents of highhandedness over seat sharing and the party had gone alone in some seats. After the 2011 assembly elections, in which Trinamool routed the Left, the state had witnessed polls twice - for the Kolkata south Lok Sabha seat and Bhowanipore and Bashirhat assembly by-polls. In all the polls, Trinamool won by a comfortable majority.However, as the Mamata Banerjee-led government heads to complete its first full-year in Writers' Buildings, detractors believe the euphoria is ebbing and people are making an objective evaluation of performance. This along with the spate of critism levelled against the government in media may also have a bearing on the polls, they hoped. Trinamool, however, is confident the efforts to \"mislead\" people from the government's performance will turn futile.EOM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12874764", "title": "AIADMK members put hold on Madurai corporation\u2019s hopes to augment revenue", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation's hopes to augment its revenue by collecting property tax from the local bodies, annexed with it last year, came crashing on Wednesday as the councillors opposed levying the tax when little has been done to improve basic amenities.Corporation officials planned to levy a 20% tax on properties in the 28 wards annexed to the city. But a section of AIADMK councillors opposed the move despite the fact that the resolution was tabled by mayor V V Rajan Chellappa, who belongs to their party. With DMK councillors sent out of the council, the AIADMK members played the role of the opposition and got the resolution adjourned by questioning the rationale of collecting a higher tax from residents when basic amenities were not provided on a par with the city.Corporation commissioner (in-charge), Arumuga Nayanar said that they have estimated Rs three crore property tax collection from the newly-annexed village panchayats. \"At present there are 1.62 assessments in 72 wards and another 8,000 assessments expected from these 11 panchayats. As per D category proposed, the taxation is Rs 188 per 100 sq ft of a property. However, we need to calculate the total square feet of the properties in these village panchayats to ascertain the exact amount of tax revenue,\" he stated.The resolution in the council meet also proposed to fix 40 paise per sq ft for vacant lands and the lowest category of D grade property tax for the buildings in the 11 village panchayats, based on a government order passed in 2009. It also stated that taxation will be of temporary basis till the government fixes the taxes to prevent the revenue loss. The taxes will be estimated from the date when the local bodies were annexed to the corporation.However, AIADMK councillors agitated that it will not be fair to tax the local bodies without providing basic amenities existing in 72 wards of the city. The councillors also opposed collecting property tax with a retrospective effect from the day the local bodies were annexed. Chellappa proposed to go ahead with the taxation but to form committees to study any disparities in the taxation. But the councillors opposed stiffly and got the resolution adjourned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873414", "title": "CBI files chargesheet against excise officer", "text": "PUNE: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Wednesday filed a chargesheet against Krishnarao Bajirao Mahadik, the suspended superintendent of the office of the Director General of Central Excise and Customs (Intelligence), Pune, for allegedly accepting a bribe of over Rs 1.09 crore from two Jalna-based industrialists in 2011.The others chargesheeted in the case include: industrialists Surendra Pitti, director, S R J Pitti, and Dinesh Bharuka, director, Omsairam Steel and Alloys Pvt Ltd.The chargesheets were filed before special judge D R Mahajan by inspector N M Parab through special public prosecutors Vivek Saxena and Ayub Pathan.A search at Mahadik's residence on January 7, 2011, yielded a revolver, Rs 6.37 lakh in cash, 15 kg of silver articles, 250 gm gold jewellery, $800 and 80 files pertaining to purchase of flats. The CBI has described the bribery case as the biggest-ever in the city.It had received reliable information that a Jalna-based businessman would be coming to Pune to hand over Rs 1 crore to Mahadik to help him evade excise duty.According to the chargesheet, two businessmen arrived at Kohinoor Estate, near Mariaai gate, in Wakdewadi. Mahadik was arrested while taking over Rs 1.09 crore from Pitti. The two businessmen, Pitti and Bharuka, were arrested later. Investigations have revealed that the industrialists had given the bribe to Mahadik as he had allegedly reduced the actual excise duty of Rs 10 crore to Rs 3.25 crore.Mahadik, who originally hails from Satara, joined service as an inspector in Ratnagiri.He became superintendent of central excise and customs in 1997, and joined the Pune office in 2006.The chargesheet was filed against Krishnarao Mahadik under sections 120 (b) and 204 of the Indian Penal Code and 13 (2) read with 13 (1) (d) and section 7 of the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "12874723", "title": "Murthy almost sure to be next mayor", "text": "BANGALORE : Katriguppe ward corporator D Venkatesh Murthy is likely to be elected next mayor of Bangalore on Thursday.Support from chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and state BJP state president KS Eshwarappa is believed to be working strongly in favour of Murthy's candidature.The mayoral post this year is reservedfor backward class II (A) category under which Kuruba Tigala and Nekara communities fall. With the assembly polls likely in a year's time the state BJP has decided to give the post to a member of the Kuruba community pitchforking Murthy into the forefront of the race sources said.For the deputy mayor's post BJP leaders have zeroed in on L Srinivas (Padmanabhanagar ward, who represents the Vokkaliga community.The mayoral pollswillbe held at the Council hall of the BBMP at 2pm. Mayor R Sharadamma and deputy mayor S Harish will hand over charge to their successors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12874805", "title": "Vasu Coco to open 4 new projects", "text": "KOCHI: New Delhi-based Vasu Coco Resorts will be opening four new projects in Kerala, said its MD P Vasudevan on Wednesday. Vasundhara is the company's first project, and is spread over 7 acres on the banks of Vembanad Lake. The resort is managed by Sarovar Hotels and Resorts which already manages Gokulam Park in Kochi.\"Apart from Vasundhara Sarovar, we have three more projects coming up in Kerala. The next one is an ayurvedic resort with 12 cottages at Kodumb in Palakkad district. There is one more coming up in Palakkad district -at Mannarkad-to tap the potential for adventure tourism. The fourth project is a heritage village at Thuravoor in Alappuzha district where we will relocate nine old traditional style houses,\" said Vasudevan, who has his origins in Palakkad district. Vasu Coco Resorts has invested Rs 70 crore in Vasundhara Sarovar. A portion of the funds has been raised through term loans from the State Bank of Travancore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12875645", "title": "Sending papers out a day early the problem", "text": "After the TYBCom marketing and human resource management paper leaked from BNN College in Bhiwandi a month ago, the dean of the universitys commerce faculty, Madhu Nair, pointed out a basic flaw in the system. He underlined the fault in the practice of sending question papers to examination centres a day in advance and recommended that it be discontinued.Nairs suggestion, however, was never dwelt upondespite the fact that the reform did not require a dramatic change in the functioning of the exam machinery.But now, with a second paper leak, the university can scarcely avoid reappraising the manner in which it conducts exams. Even the TYBMS international finance paper that leaked on Wednesday was sent a day in advance to all exam centres and university officials suspect that the paper was probably leaked from one of its affiliated colleges. With technology, the university can easily send the question paper an hour before the exam instead of dispatching it a day earlier, said a college principal.University officials said they have realized that it is critical to keep a close watch on the examination process. This acknowledgement stems from two other facts. First, the count of affiliated colleges has consistently increased. And, second, the post of principal (who acts as chief exam conductor ) in several colleges is vacant and therefore often held by unapproved faculty. In many colleges, the principals post is currently held by an incharge person who is unaware about exam rules, said another college principal. The new system, many hope, will avert more paper leaks. We will now have a joint chief conductor who will be an external faculty from a neighbouring college of that cluster, said pro V-C Naresh Chandra. Also, a panel of observers will be set up and each member of that panel will be directed to visit a college. The director of examinations and the controller of examinations will direct each member of the panel to visit a college a few hours before the commencement of the exam and ask them to stay at the centre till the days paper concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12878146", "title": "Nandi\u2019s life and times: H R Das's exhibition", "text": "Artist H R Das has captured the mythological animal Nandi - Lord Shiva's mount in all its glory, finds Debarati S Sen.Among the many words that can aptly describe H R Das's paintings, powerful, is the one that really fits. The artist's bulls are dominant, vibrant, and full of character. The paintings in the current series titled Evolutionary Strokes have his bull, Nandi, trying to tell stories and manifesting different moods and avatars.\"I began with the thought of Lord Shiva's vahan Nandi when I started on this series. I have tried to depict a lot in these paintings. My mythological bull has many poses and many different expressions as well - there are some that look as if they are laughing, some are pensive,\" says the artist.The slow evolution of his Nandi, over the years, from tempestuous to mellow has been accompanied by a slight tweak in the artist's preferred colour palette as well, and has now introduced shades of blue. His works also have a religious twinge to it with symbols like swastika and lotus. There are paintings that have a background of Lord Ganesha, Krishna with the flute, while also manifesting his Vishawa-roop in the background. Other paintings have Goddess Durga and Goddess Laxmi in monochrome behind the protagonist - Nandi.Das has also showcased how his bull evolves. The artist explains, \"When the bulls are in water, they become playful and this is what I have tried to show in the painting titled Hot Summer, where I have painted bulls that are half-fish with a large tail fin instead of hind legs, swimming in water.\"The expert use of bright reds, crimsons and burgundy-like shades makes the bulls stand out in their basic black and white colours. \"I have used a lot of red because of its vibrancy. This colour shows a lot of power.\"There are fiber-glass sculptures of bulls with paintings on them. \"I have first made the statue of the bull and then I have painted on the fibre-glass,\" he says.The artist creatively expresses his point of view with the help of his works and his inimitable style.The exhibition is on till May 1, Jehangir Art Gallery, M.G. Road, Kala Ghoda, Mumbai, from 11am to 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12873159", "title": "Capuchin province bifurcated", "text": "TRICHY: Rev Fr Mauro Johri, the minister general of the Order of Capuchin Friars Minor on Wednesday formally bifurcated the Amala Annai Capuchin province, Trichy into two jurisdictions, north and south Tamil Capuchin Provinces.The Amala Annai Province at Srirangam, Trichy has functioned as single unit since 1972. With this bifurcation, the number of Capuchin Friars' provinces in India has gone up to 17 on Wednesday. The tally would increase with the addition of one more province, which will be inaugurated by Italy-based Fr Johri in Assam on Thursday morning.After participating in a concelebrated high mass to mark the occasion, Fr Johri, told TOI, \"Bifurcation is only for the purpose of administrative convenience, but at the heart we are all one in a sense of brotherhood and relationship.\" Saying that the Tamil Capuchins had the ability to become part of the people wherever they worked, the minister general said he had learnt about the historical aspect of the Tamil language and its expression. \"The language is to be admired and fostered,\" he added.Fr Alphonse Charles, the local provincial minister said that the Franciscan Capuchins were serving in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry for the past 380 years (1632-2012) in various capacities and shared the message of Jesus Christ's love envisaged by St Francis of Assisi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873604", "title": "UPPCL's online billing facility a hit", "text": "LUCKNOW: The online facility to pay electricity bills got a good response from people on Wednesday. On the first day, as many as 680 consumers, including 580 from Lucknow, used the facility. By logging onto , consumers can also use the facility to get themselves registered for various services and can check old bills. The service was launched on Tuesday by the UP Power Corporation Limited.Besides Lucknow, at present, the facility is available in Meerut, Aligarh and Varanasi. Nearly Rs two lakh revenue was realised by the department by way of the online facility on day one.In Lucknow, a consumer Manindar Singh made an online payment of Rs 2122 and another consumer from Varanasi Baldev Agarwal paid Rs 3,577. The payment can be done through credit card, debit card or internet banking.Consumers said that they did not face any problem in making the payments. Avanish Awasthi, MD, UPPCL, said that the website is being constantly monitored and, in case, consumers face a problem, it will be immediately dealt with. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873890", "title": "Fake cops rob private firm employees of Rs 35L", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pseudo cops robbed three employees of Steel Exchange India of Rs 35 lakh cash at Srinagar Colony while they were returning to their head office with the money collected from a branch office at Jubilee Hills on Tuesday night. However, the preliminary probe revealed the involvement of insiders and police took two of the employees into custody.The incident happened near Drishti Eye hospital at Srinagar Colony at 8.30 pm while three employees -Dinesh, Ravi and Rajesh - were returning to their head office located at My Home Lakshmi Srinivas apartment near Green Park hotel at Begumpet after collecting the Rs 35 lakh from their branch office at Prashasan Nagar, Jubilee Hills.As they reached Eye hospital, three persons claiming to be Task Force sleuths intercepted the auto and asked the trio if they were carrying ganja. The 'cops' came on two bikes. Two of them were wearing safari suits, while the other was wearing a T-shirt and shorts. On the pretext of checking luggage, the conmen took the cash bag from the employees and sped away on the bikes. The shocked employees immediately alerted their head office and a complaint was lodged with the Punjagutta police.Police booked a case under section 392 (Robbery) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and launched a man-hunt to nab the offenders. However, preliminary probe revealed that two of the employees had hatched the plan and committed the offence with three other associates. Two people were already taken into custody by police and they were being interrogated to nab the other offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874200", "title": "Centre raps state over vehicles' tax", "text": "KOLKATA: At a time when the Centre-state relationship seems to be going through a rough patch, in the state is strained over a number of issues,a letter from the ministry of road transport and highways to the secretary (transport) B P Gopalika has asked for the withdrawal of mechanical tax/entry tax/ special tax by the West Bengal government on motor vehicles registered in other states.In a strongly-worded letter, Nitin R Gokarn, joint secretary of the ministry, has written that the Union ministry has received several complaints from transports'associations and through references from the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) that the West Bengal government was collecting special taxes from vehicles having valid national permits, but registered in other states. While Rs 3540 is being charged for six months in Bengal, Rs 7040 is being charged for a year. This is in addition to the Rs 16,500 that they are paying for the national permit.\"It is not understood as to why the Transport Department of West Bengal which is getting the monthly share of National Permit has failed to honour the basic concept of national permit system and still levying special taxes which neither exists in other states nor supported by Motor Vehicles Act, 1988. This has been brought to the notice of the state government thrice last December, January and February. However, no response has been received and 'special tax' is still been saved. Due to this special tax, the transporters are not only being harassed but instances of bribe from truckers are also reported,\" the letter (dated April 23, 2012) said, a copy of which is with TOI.The letter stated that with a view to facilitate inter-state movement of goods carriages, the National Permit System was introduced two years ago. The consolidated fee collected by the central government through State Bank of India is distributed to all states and UTs, including West Bengal as per an agreed formula and hence they cannot deny receiving their fair share of revenue.The letter goes on to state that such acts by the state might \"encourage other states to follow this practice in future which will defeat the very purpose of the New National Permit System.\" The letter concludes by asking the state department to send a copy of the action taken report and asked the state to look into the case on top priority.When contacted, B P Gopalika, secretary (transport) refused to comment without going through the letter. \"It will be unwise to comment on a letter which I am yet to go through,'' he said. \"We were receiving too many complaints even through Facebook. Hence, we decided to send the letter,\" said Nitin R Gokarn, joint secretary, Union ministry of road transport and highways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873240", "title": "\u2018Adarsh used FSI for RG on ex-CM Chavan\u2019s nod\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Former chief minister Ashok Chavan had approved the decision to allow the Adarsh housing society to use the FSI set aside for recreation ground (RG) for constructing nearly 10 additional flats in Colaba, a senior government officer told the judicial commission on Wednesday.\"The request of the society to exclude 15% RG was granted if the area was available in the Backbay Reclamation Scheme (BBRS). This noting (of June 2009) was approved by the chief minister Ashok Chavan,\" said Sanjay Kurvey, deputy director of town planning.Though the noting said this was to be done \"if 15% RG area is available in the scheme'', these words were excluded in the letter written by the state urban development department to MMRDA.Earlier in an affidavit, chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad (who was the MMRDA metropolitan commissioner) told the commission that the RG FSI norms were relaxed on the instructions of the UDD.In 2005, as per the Development Control Rules, the MMRDA had issued a commencement certificate to the Adarsh by deducting the mandatory 15% RG area. The society then approached the state saying that there was no need for deducting RG FSI as the government had already provided 15% common RG in the BBRS. The state rejected the plea. The BMC in 2008 then wrote to the MMRDA saying the RG norms were relaxed for other \"government and semi-government societies\". Following a query raised by MMRDA on the issue again, then principal secretary T C Benjamin said that the relaxation of RG FSI norms was allowed to MLA hostel Manora in the locality as it was a public utility and could not be extended to others. Two months later, in May 2009, MMRDA again requested the UDD to consider the plea for the concession, and the department allowed it in June 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12874671", "title": "Government approves new Calangute-Arpora bridge", "text": "PANAJI: The government has approved a new bridge parallel to the existing narrow and dilapidated bridge between Calangute and Arpora at Agarvaddo.The new bridge will greatly reduce the traffic congestion caused due to the narrowness of the existing bridge on the very busy major district road (MDR) 10 connecting the touristically important coastal villages of Candolim and Calangute to others such as Anjuna, Vagator and even Morjim and Arambol.Sources in the PWD told TOI that the new bridge will be built on the eastern side of the existing bridge at an estimated cost of 9 crore. The two-lane bridge will have a carriageway of 7.2m besides having 2.5m footpaths on either side. The bridge will also have provision for utilities like water supply pipelines, power cables, etc. The bridge will have a total span of 35m, sources said.The soil investigations are complete and the designs are also finalized. The PWD will be in a position to tender the bridge project in two months and the bridge is expected to be ready within one year of the issue of the work order. Sources said that in a recent meeting, chief minister Manohar Parrikar urged officials to expedite the work of the new Calangute-Arpora bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12873532", "title": "Raigad temple robbers nabbed, idol still missing", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: With the arrest of two robbers, the police are confident of soon finding the missing gold Ganpati idol of the famous Diveagar temple in Raigad district.The news of the latest arrests has elated the residents of Diveagar, who had been fervently praying for the return of the golden idol since the daring March 24 robbery in which two temple guards were killed.The two accused-Kailash Vikram Bhosale (23) and Chhotu Kale (19)-were arrested from Ghospuri village in Ahmednagar district by a team of Pune crime branch led by inspectors Sunil Pawar and Sunil Tambe. They were then brought to Raigad district where the robbery case has been registered against them.\"The arrested accused resemble the two guys captured by CCTV ar the Diveagar temple at the time of robbery. They have also confessed to looting the golden idol,'' said Raigad SP R D Shinde.He added that they are now confident of locating the stolen idol . The idol is reportedly with one of their gang members who is still on the run.Practically the entire state police machinery had been trying to solve the Diveagar temple robbery for the past month. Home minister R R Patil had even given an assurance in the assembly that the police were leaving no stone unturned- a few teams were also sent to other states for this case.\"The 1.5 kg gold idol of Lord Ganpati was very popular in Diveagar ever since it was first found underneath the earth in 1997. So we are all very shocked,'' said Bharat Ranjankar, secretary of the Raigad Press Club.Some Raigad citizens had also set up special pages on social networking sites like Facebook, urging people to help with the police investigations in order to get back their golden Ganesha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873245", "title": "Pumps used for sand mining seized", "text": "MUMBAI: The sub-divisional office, Mahad, seized eight suction pumps that were used for sand mining along the Ambet creek of the Savitri. The use of suction pumps has been banned under the sand acquisition policy.\"We seized the pumps and booked them under Section 379 of the Indian Penal Code for unauthorized sand mining. We take action which is usually seizure of pumps as and when we get complaints,\" said Ravindra Hazare, sub-divisional officer, Mahad.There has been rampant sand mining in Raigad district along its beaches and creeks over the past 10 years, said activists. Following Bombay high court ordersand subsequent police action, mechanical dredging in Bankot creek, the Savitri and the Kundalika reduced since 2010.In January 2012, a high court order made it mandatory for the state government to file an affidavit explaining the reasons for which environment clearance is given for dredging.Thereafter, dredging stopped altogether and the state has not filed a single affidavit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873096", "title": "Bombay high court notice to 2 victims in actor\u2019s rash driving case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday issued notices to the victims in the 2006 rash and negligent driving case involving Bollywood actor John Abraham . Justice R C Chavan issued the notices to Tanmay Majhi and the mother of Shyam Kasbe, who had died following an unrelated illness.The court was hearing an application filed by John, challenging the 15-day jail term awarded to him in the case. \"I may increase the fine amount imposed or the compensation awarded to the victims,'' the judges had said at an earlier hearing in the case.According to the police, John had rammed his motorcycle into a bicycle carrying Majhi and Kasbe on April 8, 2006. The actor had got the two admitted to a municipal hospital in Bandra. The police had booked John under sections 279 and 337 of the Indian Penal Code for rash and negligent driving. Kasbe died two years later due to TB.On October 14, 2010, an additional chief metropolitan magistrate convicted John and fined him Rs 1,500 for causing the accident. The magistrate said Rs 1,000 must be paid as compensation to the victims.A sessions court judge on March 3, upheld the order and sentenced John to 15 days in prison. John filed an appeal in the HC the same day and was released on a bail of Rs 20,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12875173", "title": "IAS officers meet CM, seek stern action against guilty", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Coinciding with lawyers successfully organizing a dawn-to-dusk bandh in Sambalpur town demanding immediate removal of district collector Mrinalini Darswal, IAS officers in the state on Wednesday pressed for stern action against those involved in abusing Darswal and attacking her official residence two days ago.Members of the IAS Officers' Association, Odisha chapter, met chief minister Naveen Patnaik at the state secretariat and handed over a memorandum seeking protection of officers in the state. This followed a general body meeting of the association on Tuesday.\"We condemn the anti-socials involved in abusing the Sambalpur collector and attacking her official residence and also the attack on the district's sub-registrar,\" the association secretary, Madhusudan Padhi, told TOI. \"Collectors represent the state in the districts and need to be protected at all costs,\" he added.The association, in its memorandum to the CM, refrained from using the word \"lawyers\" and demanded exemplary and immediate action against the \"anti-socials\" involved in attacking Darswal so that officers could work with dignity. Padhi said the association has also appreciated the \"exemplary courage\" shown by Darswal in protecting her sub-ordinate officers.On Monday, some lawyers ransacked the Sambalpur collector's official residence and allegedly abused her following a heated exchange between them over hike in land registration fee. The lawyers also allegedly attacked the office of the sub-registrar.Darswal has alleged that lawyers illegally confined her inside a bus and tried to take her away. In her FIR to police, she has said some lawyers wanted to molest her, used filthy abuses on her and named 16 lawyers, including the district bar association president and secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "12874074", "title": "Absu announces stir against government apathy", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The All Bodo Students' Union (ABSU) on Wednesday announced a series of agitations in protest against the lackadaisical attitude of the state government towards Bodo-medium schools.While addressing a press conference, Absu president Promod Boro said the students' body has no other option but to start the agitation against the discriminatory attitude of Assam government. He added that the the Bodos have been fighting for a solution of Bodo-medium institutions' problems since 1963, but the state government is mum.He said Absu can't accept the appointment of teachers on roaster basis as it could bring more complications for Bodo-medium schools. He added that the students' body has criticized the anti-Bodo medium policy of the state government. ABSU has been requesting the state government to work for development of Bodo- medium schools and also carried out a movement for the purpose, said Boro. He added that Absu will not remain silent on the issue.Boro slammed chief minister Tarun Gogoi, saying that he can speak about running a TV channel involving a huge amount of money without any hesitation, but never felt the necessity of setting up a separate directorate for Bodo-medium schools on the lines of a madrasa in Assam.As part of the agitation, Bodo-medium students will boycott classes on May 4, a demonstration on on May 11, a 12-hour highway bandh on May 19, railway blockade on May 25 and 12-hour Assam bandh on June 1.The demands of Absu include a separate directorate for Bodo-medium schools, appointment of teachers in such institutions as per RTE, 2009 and separate TET examination for Bodo-medium schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12874810", "title": "Most Bangalore areas face 4-hr blackout", "text": "BANGALORE: Camp out for a good part of Thursday or face a minimum four-hour blackout in most parts of Bangalore. In a repeat of powerless Sunday that saw electricity go dead for over 12 hours, the KPTC is taking up major maintenance work in north, south, east and west parts of the city. You can expect the supply to resume by afternoon. Areas like Koramangala and HSR Layout will be fed by the Hoodi station, and disruption is less likely.Most parts of Bangalore will go powerless on Thursday, with the Karnataka Power Transmission Corporation (KPTC) taking up major maintenance work in various stations in the north, south, east and west of the city. The power outage will last through the morning and noon, and electricity is likely to be restored by afternoon. KPTC will again carry out maintenance work on Somanahalli station from 11am to 3pm on Thursday causing intermittent power supply in many parts of East and South Bangalore. On Sunday, this 22kV station broke down, leaving citizens in darkness for more than 12 hours in HSR Layout, Koramangala, Shantinagar BTM, Tavarekere and surrounding areas of South Bangalore. Hoodi station was also up for maintenance a day earlier. Hoodi and Somanahalli are both 220kV stations and serve alternate sources for HSR and Koramangala. \"This is emergency maintenance work to normalize things. There will be intermittent power supply and Hoodi station will keep supplying power in HSR and other areas like Koramangala. We will replace the 25 year-old current transformer with a new one and send the old one to the factory. Old infrastructure needs more maintenance, but the machines are still very strong,\" said S Sumanth, director, transmission, KPTC.KPTC officials also told TOI how they have been waiting for over four years to get new lines and poles in place in Somanahalli area, but objections from local residents have been holding up their proposal to replace the old infrastructure.This scheduled maintenance work on Somanahalli station will affect areas like Hosur, Bommanahalli, Electronic City, all sectors of HSR and all blocks of Kormanagala, MG Road, Domlur, Adugodi, Bannerghatta Road, NGV, Jayanagar 1-4 blocks and Lalbagh. Both these 220kV networks are over 30 years old, and the transformers, current transformers, insulated equipment and high tension poles are decades old and crumble frequently.Bescom officials said they are prepared for the Somanahalli outage, because the alternative Hoodi station is repaired and will take the overload during peak hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873817", "title": "Lack of non-human primates testing facility hits pharma companies hard", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chinese non-human primates are hitting biomedical research activity in India hard. But stringent guidelines of the Drugs Controller General of India (DCGI) on the use of non-human primates (NHPs) in biomedical research are forcing pharmaceutical companies to head for China and other Asian countries for drug testing.This issue was discussed at the two-day national symposium on 'Laboratory animal science in the new millennium - challenges and solutions' organised by the National Centre for Laboratory Animal Sciences (NCLAS) and Laboratory Animal Science Association of India ( LASAI) at the National Institute of Nutrition (NIN) here.NCLAS scientist P Suresh, who presented a paper on the issue, revealed that according to an international study, of the total 651 studies carried out using non-human primates, only 54 were conducted in India and the rest were all performed in China, Japan, Indonesia, South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, Philippines, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Myanmar and Israel.In India, there are no primate facilities that can conform to the stringent stipulations of DCGI and the proposed facilities in Hyderabad and Mumbai have also not taken off as the government has not released funds as yet.Suresh said that it was estimated that even the Indian industry was spending approximately Rs 60 lakh to Rs 90 lakh for one product testing. Experiments on NHPs in Indian laboratories practically do not exist and currently there are also no state-of-the-art registered suppliers or breeders to provide the required quality non-human primates. Researchers and the pharma industry are also finding it difficult to conduct trials. A possible solution is to develop primate facilities to facilitate future research in the country and also to encourage investments from the government and also private sector to set up facilities for making available genetically and microbiologically defined large animals, he said.According to scientists, the genetic proximity of NHPs to humans make them good models for specific diseases. In India, the major challenge is to develop Aids vaccine. The Simian Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (Saids) susceptibility of primates (especially of Indian origin Macaca mulatta) provides an ideal model for development of Aids vaccine. While the issue of non-human primates was debated in the national symposium, scientists raised several other issues too. Rishendra Verma, joint director, Centre for Animal Diseases Research and Diagnosis (Cadrad), Indian Veterinary Research Institute, Izatnagar, who spoke on `Animal experimentation - current scenario and future prospects,' said there should be more focus on `re-use' and `rehabilitation' of laboratory animals.S K Rath, scientist from Central Drug Research Institute (CDRI) Lucknow, explained the efforts being made by scientists from different places in the country to find alternatives to animal models.Federation of Indian Animal Protection Organisations (FIAPO) coordinator, animal experimentation, Alokparna Sengupta said it was important to find alternatives to use of laboratory animals in drug testing. She said FIAPO would not resort to protests or activism to promote its cause, but would like to work with scientists to shift to alternatives, some of which were already available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12874011", "title": "GMDA chairman urges public to co-operate in pipeline-laying work", "text": "GUWAHATI: Guwahati Municipal Development Authority (GMDA) chairman Robin Bordoloi on Wednesday urged the public to cooperate with the authorities who are overseeing the construction of pipelines under different water supply schemes implemented by the civic body.At present, three water supply projects are being undertaken with funding under JNNURM, Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) and Asian Development Bank (ADB). The projects are being designated for the south-west zone of the city, which is being under JNNURM funding and South Central and North zones under JICA funding. Contracts for the south-east zone under ADB funding will be awarded shortly. Work is set to be completed by 2016.\"The city is reeling under acute water shortage in spite of the existence of a river like the Brahmaputra. The existing water supply system is quite outdated and the water that is being distributed caters to less than 30 per cent of the total population. It was in this context that the chief minister had taken up this venture. So, I request the public to bear with the discomfort that will arise because of the ongoing construction,\" said Bordoloi.The chairman further added that since the city is an unplanned one and the roads are very narrow. Besides, mixing up of various electrical and telephone lines creates confusion resulting in disruption of services. He urged the people to bear with the possible inconveniences so that the projects could be completed in time.The GMDA is implementing these projects through project management and implementation units besides consultants. Since the pipelines are being laid down in various parts of the city, the project work is supposed to continue for the next three years. Certain roads may also be closed for facilitating the projects.The JNNURM project is supposed to be completed by 2013 and the JICA project by 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873440", "title": "Cops junk more ITO diversions", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after traffic police announced their plans to experiment with further diversions on ITO, the plan was junked after cops realized it would lead to further congestion. After studying the traffic flow on ITO for an hour in the morning, cops realized that forcing commuters travelling from Minto Road to ITO to take a left turn on Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg was not a good idea, as TOI had pointed out earlier.\"We will be placing road signage before Vishnu Digamber Marg advising commuters bound for Delhi Gate to take a left turn to avoid congestion at the entry of Vishnu Digamber Marg. Straight-moving traffic can go via Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg as usual,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.To facilitate faster traffic movement on the ITO intersection, traffic moving between IP Marg and DDU Marg will be allowed to cross the red light at the same time, said cops. Meanwhile, traffic police have also asked agencies concerned to widen DDU Marg for traffic movement and construct an additional left slip road for vehicles travelling from Connaught Place to Vishnu Digamber Marg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12874783", "title": "17-year-old student electrocuted in freak accident", "text": "MADURAI: In a tragic incident here, a school student was electrocuted after rain lashed the city on Tuesday night.The victim, Naveen Karthik (17) was the son of one Saravanan from South Marrett Street in Madurai and was awaiting his plus two results. Police sources said that as a sudden downpour lashed the city on Tuesday night, there was an electrical malfunction in the flex board, which was kept on the terrace of his house.The boy, who went to the terrace after the rains stopped, touched the flex board without realising the danger. He suffered a shock and suffered severe burn injuries. He was rushed to the Government Rajaji Hospital but succumbed to his injuries on the way. South Gate police have registered a case and are investigating.The accident brought gloom in the neighbourhood as the family along with the boy were eagerly awaiting the Plus 2 results and Karthik told the family that he will get good marks in the examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "12874164", "title": "Arrested drug carrier remanded", "text": "CANDOLIM: Veerappa Thambi, 32, from Belgaum, who was arrested by the Calangute police on Tuesday afternoon with 4.68kg of charas, was on Wednesday remanded to seven days police custody by the judicial magistrate, Mapusa. He was produced in court by investigating officer PSI Laxi Amonkar.The Belgaum native was arrested on Tuesday afternoon following the receipt of specific and reliable information by the Calangute police that he would be coming to Cobravaddo junction to deliver a consignment of drugs. Accordingly a police team lead by PSI Laxi Amonkar maintained a watch at the spot and nabbed Veerappa Thambi when he arrived. A search of his person revealed that he was in illegal possession of 4.68kg of charas valued at 4.68 lakh.Thambi was immediately taken into police custody and lodged at the Calangute police station lock-up to be produced before a judicial magistrate in Mapusa on Wednesday. He has been arrested under the NDPS Act. Further investigations are in progress to ascertain his links with other drug dealers.This is the second seizure of drugs within a span of one week in the jurisdiction of the Calangute police station. A Nigerian national, Ikechukuri Otuata was arrested last Friday, April 20, at 12.30 am at the Saligao junction with 64g of charas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12875668", "title": "Telltale packets could point to leaks origin", "text": "It is not clear how and where the Mumbai Universitys Bachelor of Management Studies paper leaked. While the paper was sent out to examination centres on Tuesday, by the early hours of Wednesday, some students said they had a copy of it.At 10. 04am, TOI received a call from a parent who claimed that his son had a copy of the question paper. He read out the papers code and the questions in it. This reporter promptly informed university officials, who first asked to know the code and later the questions. Once they had confir med that the details matched with the paper sent out to exam centres, the officials directed colleges not to break the seal of the question paper packets. The order was aimed at tracing the source of the leak. Later, a new question paper was dispatched.Sources said that barring Wilson College, Chowpattywhose officials said the seal had accidentally been broken at 2. 45pm (after the university alert )all other packets should ideally be intact. If no other package is found opened, a source said, the needle of suspicion will point to Wilson College. Once the question paper packets come in, said the source, the university will know which packet was tampered with and where was the origin of the leak.Despite the blunder, a top university official tried to sweep the paper leak under the carpet in the evening by suggesting that this reporter was misled. But later, pro vicechancellor Naresh Chandra confirmed that the paper had indeed got leaked.A fact-finding committee consisting of convenor S T Gadade, former exam controller Prakash Wani and National College principal Dinesh Panjwani has already started working to find out the cause of this issue and we expect a report soon, Chandra said. An FIR is also being lodged with the Kalina police station and appropriate action will be taken against the culprits.Nair said that most centres had less than 200 students. It was therefore not very difficult or time-consuming to take copies of the new question paper that had been e-mailed or faxed, he added. About eight to 10 students confirmed to TOI that they had copies of the international finance paper in advance, but what was circulated in examination halls was completely different. Little did they know what had happened in the universitys backrooms.The paper was distributed at around 3.40pm. I did feel that there was some problem. But then we were given full two hours to write the paper, said a student whose exam centre was SIES College. The parent who alerted this reporter about Wednesdays paper leak claimed that even Tuesdays paper on entrepreneurship was leaked.(With inputs from Shreya Bhandary)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12875790", "title": "Patients made to suffer painful jabs of inexpert nursing students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ram Singh from Ludhiana had to put up with avoidable pain due to the inexpertise of nursing students, who had been called in for help in the wake of the strike called by the nursing association of PGI on Wednesday, as he was pricked many times for his blood test.While Asha Rani from Ambala had to wait for over an hour for getting the dressing of her son who had undergone a stomach operation recently as the nursing students could not match up to the pace of an experienced nurse.Following mass causal leave by over 1,400 nurses of the institute, most of the work in the wards, emergency, ICUs and mainly the operation theatres was affected. \"I have been admitted to the PGI and had been undergoing several investigations for the last two days. On Wednesday, I had a painful experience as my arm was punctured several times for locating my vein for taking blood,\" rued Ram, who is admitted to the male ward.For Hoshiarpur-based Karan Kumar the wait to get relief from running around as an attendant has been extended further. His relative's neurosurgery which was planned for Wednesday had to be deferred for another week. \"Our name was on the list for a surgery. But when we arrived, the doctors informed that the list was revised and our case was not included. Until the surgery is performed, the anxiety will continue,\" he lamented.All injection rooms in the out patient department were closed. However 500 nursing students of the PGI were called for support in the absence of nurses. Questioning the qualification of nursing students to be positioned in critical areas like the ICUs and emergency, Lakhwinder Singh, president of the nursing association said, \"During training the students cannot inject anyone. They can only monitor blood pressure, record fever and prepare a medicine chart.\"Parents who had come for getting the wounds of their children dressed had to either return without getting it done or had to put up with the nursing students taking much longer than it normally takes. \"I have been coming for the dressing of wounds of my son, who had a stomach operation. But on Wednesday, a 20-minute procedure took almost an hour,\" said Asha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872430", "title": "Pirates release 7 Indian crew members", "text": "MUMBAI: The rescued crew of the Italian tanker vessel MT Enrico Ievoli will reach a safe port on Thursday, and undergo medical tests before being flown out to their home countries.The director-general of shipping in Mumbai said on Tuesday that Somali pirates had released the 18 crew members, including seven Indians, four months after they hijacked the vessel. The other members are from Italy and Ukraine. The shipping officials said they learnt about the release of the crew through the Italian foreign ministry.The captain of the vessel, Agostino Musumeci, said all on board were well and everything was under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12875306", "title": "After winning 5 states, gung-ho Romney calls Obama a 'failure'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Mitt Romney on Wednesday cemented his position as the Republican presidential nominee-inwaiting by sweeping the primaries in five key states and took on incumbent president Barack Obama by promising a \"better America\" and charging him with being a \"failure\" in office.Romney, the former Massachusetts governor, rolled to easy double-digit victories in five Northeastern states - Connecticut, Delaware, New York, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island - with a combined 231 delegates.Far ahead of the field in the battle for delegates, 65-year-old Romney became the presumptive nominee on April 10 after his closest rival, former US senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania, suspended his campaign.Romney has 695 of the 1,144 delegates needed to win the nomination, with Santorum holding 273 delegates, Gingrich 141 and Paul 72. Obama already has clinched the Democratic nomination.Soon after his resounding victory, Romney turned his full focus to the general election showdown with Obama in November. \"I have a simple message: Hold on a little longer . A better America begins tonight\" , Romney said. \"Tonight is the start of a new campaign to unite every American who knows in their heart that we can do better . Because he has failed, he will run a campaign of diversions and distractions. That kind of campaign may have worked at another place and in a different time - but not here and not now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12874835", "title": "I am hundred per cent an academician: Abdul Salam", "text": "The university syndicate has cancelled the three land allotments after it became a huge controversy. Are you ready to face an enquiry on the issue?I am hundred per cent convinced about what I have done. I am going to Thiruvananthapuram tonight with a letter to the Governor (Chancellor) and the chief minister explaining my stand and stating that any enquiry in this regard would be welcome. I am ready to resign if anybody proves that I have done something wrong.There were voices of dissent against the projects from within the syndicate itself?What syndicate member R S Panikkar said on the issue is nonsense. He has an inflated ego. He wanted everything the VC does to be discussed with him. He has his own political interest. I told Panikkar in yesterday's meeting that if he wanted to be consulted on every decision taken by the VC, then he should look for some other VC, not me. Moreover, it was Panikkar who had brought the controversial proposal from the Kerala Olympics Association before us.I want to make one point clear. The syndicate has no power when not in session. Some syndicate members assume they are ministers. I won't allow them to hijack the university. I am not habituated to running after politicians.Do you feel there has been an error in the lack of oversight on your part in okaying the controversial land allotments?No I have not erred a bit. The only error was my haste. But that was because I have only four years of time as VC. I want things to move at electronic speed. CU needs massive funds for a turnaround. I have prepared a large number of projects; I want everything that I have seen in the best of campuses here in this varsity in the shortest possible time.There are charges that land allotments were made with political motives to benefit League leaders. Did you have any political affiliation before becoming the VC?I was shocked when the message came to me yesterday that IUML was ready to sacrifice the VC. I am thankful to persons like P K Kunhalikutty, but they should not have talked or informed me in that way.It is true that Muslim League gave me the post, but it was not a big thing. They selected me after seeing my bio-data. I have absolutely no political affiliations and am 100 per cent an academician.Was it not improper on the part of the varsity to select the beneficiaries for the land deals without any transparent process, without calling for expression of interest from interested parties?Why should I select and screen persons who are interested in being associated with the university. The university is in desperate need for funds and if organizations come forward with promise of funding, then my conviction is that they should be given consideration if it's beneficial to the varsity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12874145", "title": "High court extends deadline for Meghalaya to explain anti-pollution measures", "text": "SHILLONG: The Gauhati High Court has extended its deadline to Meghalaya government by a month to explain steps taken to check air, water and waste pollution in the state. A division bench headed by justices T Vaiphei and S R Sen passed an order granting the government another month to file its affidavits. The order came in the wake of a plea made by the state's advocate keneral K S Kynjing.Taking suo moto action, a division bench of the court headed by justices A Hazarika and S C Das had on March 29 directed the government to explain the steps taken to monitor, control and manage pollution in the state within three weeks.The court direction came in the wake of the CAG report in which 28 out of the 31 water bodies in six districts of Meghalaya were declared \"unfit\" for drinking. \"It is seen that the CAG has come down heavily on the inability of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) for not being able to conduct regular monitoring of water bodies in the State resulting in the water bodies being deemed unfit for consumption,\" the order stated.The court also expressed concern over the poor compliance of rules by the Shillong Municipal Board and healthcare establishments coupled with the ineffective monitoring by the MSPCB, which has resulted in continued environmental pollution and health hazards and led an increase in the number air- and water- borne diseases.The CAG had also pointed out that 139 of the 178 health institutions in Meghalaya were \"guilty\" of functioning without proper authorization from the pollution control board. \"This matter has captured the attention of the court which has viewed it with great concern,\" the directive said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12874411", "title": "Enslaved in Saudi for 18 years, man returns home to surprise trouble", "text": "CHENNAI: It was a torturous homecoming for P Periaswamy, a resident of Karkudi village in Perambalur district, who was enslaved by his employer in Saudi Arabia for 18 years. When the 45-year-old finally landed in Chennai on Wednesday morning, the airport police detained him for a couple of hours suspecting him to be the husband of a deserted woman.Periasamy, who went to Saudi Arabia almost two decades ago, was employed as a shepherd. His employer neither paid him salary nor allowed him to return home. Periaswamy was rescued after a Saudi citizen reported to the police there about his plight. The Saudi government ordered his employer to pay the dues and get him an air ticket to go home.But when Periaswamy set foot on Indian soil on Wednesday, he was taken to the airport police station. The reason: A woman from Perambalur had complained that her husband had left for Saudi Arabia 12 years ago and had never kept in touch with the family. Police thought Periaswamy could be the person. Finally, the woman's brothers came from Perambalur to identify Periaswamy. They told the police this was not the man who married their sister. Periaswamy walked free, but there are hundreds more of Indians stranded in the Gulf, unable to return home.It was an emotional reunion for Periaswamy with his brother Kannappa, who had come to the airport. \"I could not recognize my elder brother. After showing him old photographs, we hugged each other and cried. We thank the Indian diplomats and Saudi officials for helping him return home. We don't know the whereabouts of his wife as she left a year after he left for Saudi Arabia,\" Kannappa said.A sobbing Periaswamy said: \"I feel so happy to be back home with family. I've been through hell and no Indian should suffer my fate. I was a slave at the hands of my employer who used to beat me up. My future is uncertain. I will decide what to do after a few days. Please don't trust agents who promise jobs in Saudi.\"S D Moorthy, consul (labour &amp; community welfare) at the Indian consulate in Jeddah, told TOI over telephone on Wednesday, \"It's a sad case where Periaswamy did not even have access to a telephone to get in touch with someone to rescue him. He was not paid his salary and was given just a meal a day. It was slavery.\"Moorthy said Periaswamy, who was rescued more than ten days ago, had been under the care of the Indian Consulate in Jeddah. He said Periaswamy had forgotten Tamil as he had spoken in the langauge for almost two decades.Periaswamy went to work as a shepherd in the Hail region of Saudi Arabia in 1994. He was married for one year when he reached the Kingdom. Moorthy said Periaswamy tried to commit suicide once out of frustration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "12874686", "title": "Woman, lover, aide found guilty", "text": "BANGALORE : Fast-track court (FTC)-II judge GS Revankar on Wednesday convicted a woman and two men in connection with the 'doodh peda' murders. A 30-year-old woman and her 12-year-old daughter were given sweets laced with drugs and subsequently killed in Sriramapuram in 2007.The judge is expected to announce the quantum of sentence on Thursday after the defence and prosecution counsel conclude their arguments.The three accused R Surendran (29) and his live-in partner Vindhya alias Chella (25) both from Kollpadi Vellore Tamil Nadu and their co-accused Kaptan Khan (22) from Ajmer in Rajasthan had killed Pushpa (30 and her daughter Ramya alias Hemalatha (12) at their residence in Srirampuram on January 4, 2007 night.Pushpa's husband N Shekhar and her younger daughter Soumya had gone for Sabarimala pilgrimage.HOW IT HAPPENEDPushpa was running a beauty parlour in Srirampuram. Vindhya a client befriended her pretending to be her well-wisher. After learning about Shekhar's Sabarimala pilgrimage Vindhya who had a criminal background came to Pushpa's house late on January 4 evening with a packet of 'doodh peda ' (milk cake sweets laced with drugs. Thanks to the turn of events the accused's plan to rob the house after rendering Pushpa and the child unconscious went haywire.On the pretext that it was her birthday Vindhya gave the mother-daughter duo the sweet. After consuming the doodh peda Pushpa fell unconscious but Ramya became semi-conscious.Vindhya slipped a sim card into Pushpa's mobile phone and called Surendra and Khan.On Surendra and Khan's advice Vindhya slit Ramya's throat using a kitchen knife but the child put up stiff resistance. Vindhya panicked and called Surendra and Khan to Pushpa's house. Khan stood outside the house, while Vindhya and Surendra made deep cuts in Ramya's throat and the child bled to death. They later slit Pushpa's throat too.The trio fled with Rs 16000 cash Pushpa's mobile phone and jewellery on the victims' bodies. The murders came to light after Shekhar returned from the pilgrimage two days later. Police began tracking the IMEI number of Pushpa's mobile phone and arrested Vindhya from Vellore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873329", "title": "3-year-old tests positive for H1N1", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-year-old from Malad tested positive for H1N1 on Wednesday, taking the count of positive cases to 20 since last month. Last week, the boy's four-month-old brother too tested positive for the virus.While the child had to be admitted to Wadia Hospital, the elder brother is undergoing treatment at home. BMC's epidemiologist Dr Mangala Gomare said, \"The child is doing fine. He has already been started on the anti-viral regimen,\" she said, adding that the four-month-old was discharged on Monday. The case came to light when the BMC, as part of its protocol, checked everyone in the toddler's family for the infection.Gomare said that in children, the anti-viral or Tamiflu is administered depending on their age and weight. Child specialists have been fielding queries on how siblings can be protected from transmitting the infection to each other. A paediatrician from Kokilaben hospital, Dr Tanu Singhal, said preventing the spread of an infection that transmits through the respiratory route is rather tough. \"Parents should watch out for flu-like infections, high fever lasting over three days, breathlessness and rush to a doctor,\" she said.Director of Parel's Haffkine Institute Dr Abhay Chaudharysaid vaccination was a viable solution. \"It is difficult to control the movement of children inside the house. So, both children and the elderly can go for vaccination,\" he added.But Singhal does not advocate vaccination and said those below six months of age cannot be given one.The four-month-old brother of the Malad boy had earlier tested positive for the virus", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12874166", "title": "Man hangs himself in hotel room in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: A man's body was found hanging from the ceiling fan in a hotel room in Apna Bazar Commercial Complex on Wednesday afternoon. The police found a suicide note in the room and a senior police official said that in the note he had written that no one was responsible for his death and it was his own decision. The body is in the custody of the police and the investigation has already begun.\"The victim has been identified with the help of his voter ID card as 40-year-old Prakash Chaudhary, a resident of Jhunjhunu in Rajasthan. He came to the hotel on Tuesday night. After finding his body hanging from the ceiling fan we sealed the room and informed the victim's family,\" said a police officer.The police said that Prakash Chaudhary reached Hotel Samrat late on Tuesday evening and was staying in room No. 419. After having his dinner, he went to his room to sleep. However, when he did not come out till 11am the next day, one of the waiters went inside the room and found Chaudhary's body hanging from the ceiling fan. The police reached the spot after receiving the information from the hotel manager.Chaudhary has written in his suicide note, of which TOI has a copy, \"I, Prakash Chaudhary, am committing suicide and no one is responsible for this. Please inform my friend, Rakesh Manjhu (Raj), from Jhunjhunu. Rakesh will inform my father and family. My address is Sanwarmal, 2/53, housing board, Jhunjhunu.\" He has also mentioned two mobile numbers in the note; one of his friend Rakesh and the other of his father. \"Please give my ring to my wife,\" he had added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12877949", "title": "No change in visa policy on Modi: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US has has said there is no change in its visa policy with regard to Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi .\"Our position on the visa issue hasn't changed at all,\" state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference on Wednesday.Nuland was responding to questions on the letter written by Congressman Joe Walsh to the secretary of state, Hillary Clinton , that the US Government reverse its 2005 decision not to issue US visa to Modi.The letter by Walsh was written about a fortnight ago. \"If we do respond, it'll be along familiar lines,\" Nuland said.In a statement, the Indian American Muslim community demanded the State Department should not change its 2005 policy on Modi's visa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874117", "title": "Accident may have killed Asutosh boy", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly 48 hours after the mysterious death of an Asutosh College student on the railway tracks near the Jadavpur railway station, the police said they had vital clues to stitch the exact sequence of events that led to his death. Prima facie, police believe that the student, Pratik Sikdar, died due to a freakish accident.The cops, though, admitted to have received a specific complaint of foul play from Sikdar's family.\"We are probing the case and hoping to piece the details soon based on the statement of eyewitnesses,'' said a senior police officer.According to police sources, 18-year-old Sikdar was spotted with two other boys and a girl at the Jadavpur station minutes before the incident. They further claimed that at that time the friends - along with Sikdar - noticed a Sealdah-bound local entering the opposite Platform No. 1.\"While two of his friends crossed over, Sikdar was hit by the train as he was the last one trying to cross the platform. The girl, though, never tried to cross over and remained rooted to the platform,\" said the source.Police said that since two of his friends tried to cross over, there was little possibility that Sikdar tried to commit suicide. Going by the same logic, foul play also seems unlikely.However, the investigators insisted they still have no clue as to why the four friends chose to stand on the opposite platform when they were actually planning to reach Sealdah. Sikdar's family insisted he had left home without even telling them that he was heading towards the station. The victim had also left his mobile phone behind. They might question two Asutosh College students in this matter even as it will take another day to analyse Sikdar's call details, said police.Meanwhile, the post-mortem report of the deceased revealed that Sikdar received injuries on the back of his head, ears and eyes. The family, however, insisted that the entire matter be investigated.\"We are not pointing fingers at his friends, but we are surprised by his reactions since last Sunday. We want to know the entire chain of events,\" said Sonu Sikdar, the uncle of the deceased. Sikdar's father, Ranjit Sikdar, who owns a furniture business, said he visited the Jadavpur GRP office even on Tuesday.Pratik's family said he looked disturbed for the last few days but he had no reason to commit suicide. Railway police found his body a few metres away from Jadavpur railway station underneath Sukanto Setu around 2.45 on Monday afternoon. The place is around 3km from his home in Bikramgarh. He was declared dead after being taken to MR Bangur hospital.Police denied the family's allegations that there was a 15 minute to 20 minute-gap before Sikdar was taken to the Bangur Hospital. His family refused to accept the death as an accident or suicide.\"Since Sunday we were noticing some abnormality in his behaviour,\" said brother Subhrajit.On Sunday evening he left for a nearby shopping mall but did not return by 10pm, as he usually does. The family had to file a missing complaint before he finally returned to his house in the wee hours of Monday morning. He again left his house around 2.30pm, hours before his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873902", "title": "Bhanu\u2019s MP links in Suri murder case to be investigated", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police suspect Bhanu Kiran, the prime accused in the Maddelacheruvu Suri murder case, might know someone influential in Seoni district of Madhya Pradesh, where he took shelter for several months while on the run. Incidentally, Seoni is also notorious for faction feuds.Crime Investigation Department (CID) officers said Bhanu's decision to immediately go to Seoni after Suri's murder and obtaining valuable documents within a short time makes them believe that Bhanu might know someone in Seoni or he might have visited the place earlier.\"Bhanu told us that no one asked for his credentials in Seoni while giving the house on rent. He claimed he could procure any government documents by developing rapport with locals during his stay. However, it might not be true sinceit is not so easy,\" CID officials said.Bhanu moved to Seoni after he had an argument with his associate and co-accused in the Suri murder case, Manmohan Singh. After the murder of Suri, Bhanu and Manmohan Singh were staying in a lodge in Gurgaon. Bhanu got annoyed and pulled up Manmohan Singh when he discovered that Manmohan was calling up his family members. The same night Manmohan went missing from the lodge and this fuelled Bhanu's fears that he might land in the hands of the police. CID officers said that it has to be probed why at that stage Bhanu preferred to go to Seoni. The crime rate in Seoni is known to be quiet high. Dealers, who supply fire arms to criminal gangs, come from places like Seoni and Chhindwara. They deliver hand-made weapons to their clients.The gangster, in his confession to police, said that immediately after the murder, the first persons to be informed about it was his mother Meena Kumari and other family members whom he directed to abscond from the city. However, police said that they believe Bhanu informed his family members prior to the crime, as the murder was a pre-planned conspiracy.Meanwhile, police said Bhanu Kiran's victims were still in fear and were not prepared to give witness let alone lodge a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12874807", "title": "Madurai corporation to take green energy route for power generation", "text": "MADURAI: With the state reeling under a severe power crunch, the Madurai Corporation has started focusing on energy generation from alternate measures such as solar and bio-ethanol. During the council meeting held on Wednesday, a resolution was passed to call tenders from eligible companies to set up solar projects in the corporation under the Public Private Partnership (PPP).The resolution stated that power supply for corporation needs like pumping stations and taxation centres had significantly gone up after the corporation limits were expanded from 72 wards to 100 wards. With growing energy requirements, the corporation has resolved to select eligible players for solar power projects. After getting government approval, they will go ahead with calling for the tenders through PPP.A senior official from TANGEDCO said that the current demand of the city can be estimated to 160 MW to 180 MW per day for 4.16 lakh connections in the city. \"The total demand can be estimated somewhere between 160 to 180 MW based on the power consumption. However, the supply will depend on the generation factors like power plants and southern grid. Hence, supply cannot be ascertained like the demand,\" he said. City engineer, A Mathuram said that the corporation has proposed solar projects to meet the increased power needs on corporation facilities. \"We will register in PPP cell with the government and call for the express of interest. The eligible players will then be shortlisted for the project,\" he said.Madurai Corporation also passed another important resolution on green energy to produce bio-ethanol and e-diesel by utilising the additional 250 tonnes of garbage generated from the newly annexed areas of the corporation. The resolution also included producing electricity from the bio-ethanol. Passing the resolution, mayor, Rajan Chellappa said that through JnNURM, the corporation had executed bio-compost plants to process 350 tonnes of garbage that was generated from the earlier 72 wards. With another 250 tonnes of garbage generated from newly annexed areas, the corporation will seek out eligible players to work on producing bio-ethanol and e-diesel from which electricity will be produced, he said. Commenting on the project, Mathuram said that producing bio-ethanol from garbage was a successful model abroad and the technology is a viable one.Corporation sources said that these are big projects which will take considerable time to materialise but they will greatly aid to substantiate the power needs of the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874501", "title": "Ghat Ki Ghuni project on track: Officials", "text": "JAIPUR: A meeting to review the progress of Ghat Ki Ghuni project was held at Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) headquarters here on Wednesday. During the meeting officials expressed satisfaction over the progress and claimed project will be completed on time.The JDA officials also discussed the traffic plan and the movement of vehicles with the traffic department after the tunnel will be opened for the heavy vehicles. The deadline for the project is June 31, 2012. To avoid congestion once the traffic from tunnel starts, it was planned to shift the two Jaipur Municipal Corporation toilets near Transport Nagar. An official said that a systematic traffic plan has also been drawn to avoid accidents.\"To make sure that there are no accidents between traffic coming from the tunnel and National Highway-8, we have prepared a plan . For this a meeting with national highway officials will be also scheduled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875432", "title": "Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co. Ltd may snap supply to rural water supply schemes", "text": "NAGPUR: A cash-strapped MSEDCL may resort to disconnection of power to water supply schemes with persistent unpaid bills. Sources in the company said the arrears of the water schemes had mounted to Rs 1,685 crore by end of March.The company had decided to write off the interest amount Rs 935 crore as bad debt and declared an amnesty scheme to recover the principal amount of Rs 750 crore. Sources indicated that if the scheme does not get satisfactory response, MSEDCL will start disconnections in peak summer to exert pressure on local bodies, which run most of these schemes.In Nagpur district, gram panchayats are the worse defaulters. The total dues owed by them are over Rs 13 crore, of which Rs 6.74 crore is the principal amount while Rs 6.76 crore is interest. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) owes the company just over Rs 2 lakh.In every district, the gram panchayat dues are the highest. However, it will be a pretty difficult task to recover money from them as they are completely dependent on state government for funds. MSEDCL can only hope that by disconnecting power to water schemes, the state government will be pressurized to go in for a book adjustment with it.Company sources further said that the arrears had increased to such levels because local bodies did not pay bills, well aware that MSEDCL would not dare to snap supply to these schemes fearing public unrest and even violence.Meanwhile, MSEDCL officials are meeting top officials of local bodies and providing copies of a communication sent by the director (operations) of the company, underlining the seriousness of the situation. The officials are telling local bodies about the arrears owed by them and urging them to pay the principal amount at least.MSEDCL is also making it clear that if a local body does not take advantage of the amnesty scheme then interest would be charged on all the outstanding amount with retrospective effect from April 1, 2012. If an agency steadfastly refuses to pay up it will undoubtedly face disconnection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12875620", "title": "7 killed, 15 wounded in vehicle collision", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Seven persons including five members of a wedding cavalcade died and 15 others wounded in an accident of three vehicles on Narwana-Patiala national highway near Belarkhan village of Jind district, early on Wednesday.This happened when a jeep, carrying 12 members of the cavalcade, hit a truck loaded with fruits and vegetables. The jeep then rammed another truck. The impact killed jeep driver Deepak, Vikas, Mukesh, Bhagwat and Babu Lal from Jind. Satnam Singh and Gurjej Singh, who were in the trucks, died on the way to a hospital. Investigation is on and a case of negligent driving causing death was registered against Deepak. Cops said three persons are said to be critical and were referred to PGIMER, Rohtak.Soon after the incident, residents of Belarkhan village began the rescue operations and the wounded had been admitted to JInd's civil hospital by the time cops arrived. Cops said the statements of those injured are being recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12875255", "title": "Visa rules for Indian pupils unchanged'", "text": "The US has said that there is no change in its policy towards issuing visas to Indian students. \"We are just making sure the sponsoring organizations truly are what they say they are; that if they say they are bringing students over to educate them, that they intend to educate them, not put them to work,\" state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12874946", "title": "Special children to be taken on month-long vacation", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Come summer vacation, inmates of Cheshire Home will be out on a month-long vacation.Chesire Home, which houses differently abled girls and boys, will take the children to various places under the guidance of its institution administrators. Altogether 20 inmates will visit Berhampur in Odisha, Adra in West Bengal and Ranchi and stay at the local Cheshire Home buildings and visit tourist spots and other places.\"We never took our children outstation owing to extreme heat in summer. But this year, we have planned to take them outstation,\" said Cheshire Home in-charge Sister Jskacinta.\"It is not possible to take all the inmates for vacation but only those who are relatively fit and can move and they need to be dealt with utmost care and emotion,\" she said. \"For sightseeing, they will visit the sea at Gopalpur port near Berhampur and will go to the parks and other places for fun. We also need to make sure they don't become a problem for our facilitators at the vacation spots.\"Of the 20-odd inmates, five will go to Adra, while some will go to Berhampur and Ranchi. \"Names of those who will go will be decided by the end of this month,\" said the in-charge.\"This will be my first outstation trip. I will enjoy the vacations,\" said 20-year-old Anita, an inmate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12877061", "title": "Katari Veera has no clash on release", "text": "Real Star Upendra's 3D flick gets the censor certificate ahead of Uppi-starrer Godfather, but will release mid-week, a new in Sandalwood, and that too, a day after Anna Bond hits theatresIn the past two weeks, the buzz in Gandhinagar has been about the imminent clash of two big flicks at the box office - the Puneet Rajkumar-starrer Anna Bond and the Upendra-starrer Katari Veera Surasundarangi. While producer Munirathna stuck to his guns refusing to shift the release date of his 3D film, it seemed that audiences were in for a treat with two big movies releasing on the same date. Then, out of the blue, producer K Manju decided to jump into the fray , by pushing for the release of his Upendra-starrer Godfather a week after Anna Bond, and also demanding that Munirathna postpone the release of his film by at least 10 weeks.After several discussions at the Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce, it was decided that whichever film gets censored first (Katari Veera or Godfather) will hit theatres first. Munirathna's film got censor certification ahead of Godfather, but instead of pushing for an April 27 release date, sources now say Anna Bond will hit theatres on May 1, while Katari will release a day later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "12874989", "title": "National Investigation Agency in Dhanbad to probe Ajmer blast", "text": "DHANBAD: A team of the National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Wednesday visited Dhanbad to investigate into the issue of fake driving license of a suspect in Ajmer blast of 2007. The driving license of Babban Kumar, one of the suspects in the blast, was issued at the disrict transport office at Dhanbad in 2005.The NIA officials questioned district transport officer Sanjay Kumar and visited the online driving license unit of the office and talked to the employees. They found the photograph of the suspect was genuine, but the documents attached to secure the license were fake. Sanjay Kumar told the NIA officials that he was not posted at Dhanbad when the license was issued.The DTO office at Dhanbad was in the news five years back when it was found that LTTE leader S Prabhakaran's driving license was also issued from the Dhanbad transport office. The CBI had then arrested the transport official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12875644", "title": "No respite from heatwave", "text": "KANPUR: The clear skies and warm winds made the weather quite hot and unbearable on Wednesday. The maximum temperature was recorded as 38.7 degrees Celsius, while the minimum temperature was 20 degrees Celsius. The humidity was 45 per cent in morning hours and only 22 per cent in the evening. The north-easterlies winds further lowered the moisture content in the air which was recorded as 9 per cent.As per Met department officials, the coming weeks would see further rise in temperatures, along with heatwave. \"With the sudden change in wind direction and cyclone formation, rain and thunderstorm may also be expected in some areas this week,\" said Anirudh Dubey, meteorologist at CSA.\"Even last year on this day the maximum temperature was recorded around 40 degrees Celsius. However, temperatures are only likely to rise further and we don't foresee any respite from the heat for some time at least,\" Dubey said.Meanwhile, erratic power supply added to the woes of the denizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873564", "title": "Tiger presence hit voting percentage", "text": "LUCKNOW: The presence of the tiger in Rahmankhera affected the state assembly elections. Initially, candidates did not canvass much in the area, as compared to other areas of Malihabad assembly constituency, and on the day of voting, the voter turn-out was rather low. Malihabad went to polls on February 19 during the fourth phase of assembly polls.The tiger scared away voters in the Rahmankhera locality and only 35% people from a cluster of six villages in the area turned up to cast their votes on the polling day. However, the overall polling in Malihabad was 58%. More than 20 security guards were deployed in Ulrapur village, which is situated amidst the forest patch, where the tiger was present. Dugauli and Meethenagar were other two villages, which were directly affected. The villagers only turned up on groups to cast their vote.Giving in to the pressure, forest department had called in a shooter, from Hyderabad, on February 12. The shooter was called for the second time in UP by the forest department to control a tiger. On February 24, 2009, the same shooter had killed a man-eating tigress at Faizabad that was prowling in the jungle of Rudauli forest range for two months and had claimed seven human lives. But, after pressure mounted from wildlife activists and media, the department had sent the shooter back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12874087", "title": "71 feeders rewarded for cut in losses", "text": "GURGAON: Proceeding with its carrot-and-stick approach to minimize power losses in Gurgaon, the DHBVN announced its 24-hour supply \"reward\" programme for \"honest consumers\" in areas where recorded aggregate technical and commercial (AT&C;) losses were below 3%.Around 71 feeders from various substations in Gurgaon and Manesar have made the cut from the domestic category, making some of the consumers in areas like Sectors 52, 44, 38, 23, 15 and parts of IMT Manesar eligible for a zero-outage supply and exempt from all scheduled power cuts. The discom has also offered a similar scheme to industrial connections where registered losses were below 6%, short-listing 56 feeder connections in this category.\"This is our programme to reward honest consumers by giving them better power supply,\" said a DHBVN official. In recent months, the discom has been registering heavy AT&C; losses throughout the region, and the aim of the official programme is to bring these numbers down.\"These losses occur if there is an unauthorized load on the connection, or if the consumers haven't been paying their bills on time. With this scheme, we are hoping that more consumers will become more disciplined, and instances of power theft will reduce,\" the official said.Reportedly, over 24% of power in the region is wasted in the form of AT&C; losses.But the reward scheme comes with all the expected official caveats. The 24-hour supply trope isn't to be taken literally, as it doesn't take into account maintenance-related outages, and all the other \"inevitable power cuts\".\"This only applies to scheduled cuts and loadshedding cuts. On an average, we have 4 hours of such cuts in a day, and the selected consumers will be spared those,\" the official added. Parts of Faridabad, Narnaul, Hisar, Sirsa and Bhiwani have also been selected for the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872878", "title": "Punchayat steps in to resolve bitter matrimonial battle", "text": "MUMBAI: A bitter matrimonial battle between a Mumbai-based Parsi couple before the Bombay high court was resolved on Wednesday, after the Bombay Parsi Punchayat (BPP) stepped in with an offer of a subsidised flat in the prime locality of Nepean Sea Road.The estranged wife will deposit Rs 1 crore within five days for the 600 sq ft flat in Godrej Baug at Nepean Sea Road, which will be given by the BPP to her husband for a monthly rent of Rs 3,000.\"When we heard the long drawn-out bitter battle between the couple in the chamber, we felt the matter will go on for another 50 years,'' a division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Anoop Mohta remarked. \"Without the influence of the BPP, this could not have been resolved and we appreciate the punchayat for taking a humanitarian and practical approach,'' the judges added. The court clarified that the agreement should not be treated as a precedent in other divorce cases involving Parsi couples.The court was hearing a petition filed by Boman Batliwalla challenging a judge's order granting custody of his daughter Shirin (11) to his wife Zenobia and restraining him from entering the couple's flat in Cusrow Baug. Zenobia had moved court seeking divorce on grounds of cruelty. The Bombay high court last week had allowed Boman to enter the flat at 9.30 pm and leave by 9.30 am the next day.BPP chairman Dunchaw Mehta appeared before the judges on summons by the high court on Wednesday. Mehta said the BPP was willing to provide a two-room kitchen at Godrej Baug to Boman. Zenobia offered to pay the Rs 1-core deposit for the flat, of which Rs 20 lakh would be non-refundable. In case Boman vacates the flat, of the refundable deposit of Rs 80 lakh, he would have to give his daughter Rs 25 lakh. The court also told Boman to pay his daughter a lump-sum maintenance of Rs 5 lakh.Boman has been given time till May 10 to vacate the Cusrow Baug flat. The couple has agreed for a divorce by mutual consent and has said that they would withdraw the cases, including criminal complaints; they have filed against each other. The court said that Shirin's custody will remain with Zenobia, while Boman will be granted access to meet his daughter.(Names of the Parsi family have been changed to protect their identities)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12874760", "title": "Supreme Court panel submits report on Mullaperiyar dam", "text": "KOCHI: The empowered committee appointed by the Supreme Court on Mullaperiyar dam dispute submitted its final report in a sealed cover to the Supreme Court on Wednesday, with initial reports indicating that the committee has proposed construction of a new dam.Contents of the committee's report, prepared after 20 sittings and running into 260 pages, were not let out by any of its five members. The Supreme Court will consider the report when it takes up the matter on May 4. Preliminary reports, however, suggested that the SC can consider ordering construction of a new dam in view of the long-term safety implications, even though the existing dam is not facing immediate threat.Justice KT Thomas, who represented Kerala on the panel, told TOI here that the report suggests practical and scientific solution to the dispute, along with expressing hope that the report would be welcomed in both the states. He also said the committee had considered safety of the existing dam, the need for new dam, and the construction of new tunnel to take water out of the dam. Former water resources minister N K Premachandran, who was instrumental in nominating Justice Thomas to the panel, said the report was good for Kerala. \"We were not expecting straightforward endorsement of Kerala's position, considering that the state had hinted at its reservation over the approach of a technical member of the panel,\" he said.Several technical panels had examined the dam and declared it to be safe, for the time being. However, Kerala had been demanding that a new dam has to be constructed in view of the threat posed to the lives of thousands of people in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874346", "title": "Groundwater level plummets as borewells multiply in city", "text": "JAIPUR: Mushrooming multi-level residential buildings and absence of a proper government policy to provide water connection to these complexes are leading to a grave situation in the city.Since the civic authorities are not providing water to residential complexes, the private builders are digging borewells to meet the demand, putting extra pressure on the depleting groundwater level. Yet, the state government is far from making a concrete policy on it and departments are passing the buck.According to official figures, Jaipur district has 13 tehsils and all are under the dark zone. In panchayats such as Sanganer, Amber and Jhotwara, the watertable is diminishing at an average rate of nearly 3 metres every year.\"I agree the situation is alarming. Once the Bisalpur pipeline is laid, the department would be able to provide connections to most of the residential complexes in the city. We have the capacity to do it without putting extra resources. Still, there will be a few such societies which will not be covered and for that a proposal will be submitted to the finance department. The decision on whether Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) will bear the cost or the PHED, will be taken by them,\" said Ram Lubhaya, additional chief secretary, water resources.As per the new policy, each multi-storey residential complex will get a common connection from the department. The resident welfare association (RWA) will be responsible for taking water from underground storage facility tanks. Similarly, a common bill will be generated for each RWA. However, only those residential apartments will be provided this facility that has rainwater harvesting and sewage treatment plant installed in their premises.Officials from JDA too agree that there is a lacunae and the current situation demands long-term planning. However, they claim that the laying of pipelines is a matter of PHED department and they have very little role to play in it. \"This is a big problem and private borewells are a serious threat to water level. But providing drinking water to these flats will have to be taken up by the PHED department,\" said a senior official.\"We need a comprehensive policy on this issue. Permission for any sort of construction should be given only when there is a proper infrastructure in place which includes water pipeline, road and power connection,\" added the official.On the other hand, the builders are feeling cheated and assert that they have no option but to dig borewells. \"While taking the permission from JDA we are being charged for other development fee which includes water and power connection, road and proper sewages. But we do not get the water connection as there are no pipelines. However, they do provide the same facility to individual houses even if it is getting constructed next door \" said Dhirendra Madan, a private builder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12875342", "title": "Speeding car mows down student in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A 22-year-old student, who was going to attend coaching classes, was killed after a rashly driven car hit him at Kanta Pankha area in Jhotwara on Wednesday.The incident took place at 7 am when the boy, Piyush Sharma, who was preparing for the Company Secretaryship (CS) exam, was travelling on his motorbike. A rashly-driven car hit him from the front and he fell down. The onlookers informed the police and also called for an ambulance . Soon after, a number of people gathered at the spot and they rushed him to a nearby nursing home. He was soon referred to Sawai Man Singh hospital.\"He was declared brought dead in the hospital as he had sustained multiple injuries including one on the head,\" said an officer with the accident (west) police station.Later, based on the registration number, the police arrested the car driver and a case under Section 304 A was registered against the accused.\"The accused, Richpal, was arrested by the police and his vehicle was also seized,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874222", "title": "Tamil Nadu cops hunt for cyber criminal", "text": "KOLKATA: The Tamil Nadu Police have come to the city to look for a former territorial manager of a leading two-wheeler manufacturer who has been accused of trying to steal \"trade secrets'' of the company. Investigators said that the accused has been trying to steal trade secrets ever since he formally resigned from the company on March 1. A CID team in Kolkata is believed to be helping in the investigation.According to sources, the accused, Mukesh Kumar Singh, is a resident of Chattisgarh and had joined the company as a sales executive in Kolkata in 2009. He was promoted to the post of territorial manager and was supplied confidential data pertaining to business techniques and organizational set-up. He was posted at the Gariahat branch on Dover Lane office. He, however, put in his papers at the HR office at Hossur on March 1.The company said that they believe that it was a planned move from Singh who had decided to steal and sell off the documents to a rival organization. Accordingly, 22 days later, he transferred 10 such \"classified\" files to his own gmail account. The entire transfer was carried out between 1am and 1.30am, a clear sign that Mukesh believed his secret would be leaked.However, the next day the IT security manager of the company - who monitors email transactions of employees - was surprised to find that a closed account had been opened. He found out about the transfer and complained to the Mathigiri police station located at Krishnagiri district in Tamil Nadu (case number 94/2012).By that time, Mukesh knew that his act had come out in the open had been found outand fled Kolkata. The Tamil Nadu Police are now investigating the case and a team is expected to visit Mukesh's Chattisgarh residence of the accused. Other technical investigation and questioning of his acquaintances in Kolkata has already begun, said Kolkata police sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875102", "title": "Another paper leak or mock drill?", "text": "NAGPUR: Question papers continue to leak in the Nagpur University, but the authorities continue to be in denial mode.TOI learns that the question paper of Bachelor of Arts (Compulsory Marathi) was allegedly available a few days before the exam on Wednesday. Controller of Examinations, Siddarth Kane confirmed that the question paper was changed before the exam that was scheduled to start at 9.30am. However, he was mum on whether the decision to switch the question paper was taken after the varsity learnt about the leak.About 30,000 students appeared for the exam that was held on Wednesday from 9.30am to 12.30pm in approximately 100 centres.On Sunday, TOI had reported how the BCCA (Business Law) was available on Friday night for Rs 1,000. On April 16 the Bachelor of Education's last question paper - 'Development of Education in India and School Practices' - too had been leaked. But the varsity apparently learnt about it and managed to distribute another set in the nick of time.Confirming that the B Ed paper was indeed replaced, Kane said, \"I can't call it a leak. Either the paper was mistakenly opened at one of the centres before the exam or it may have been part of our drill which we undertake to test the preparedness of our system,\" he said. On varsity spending money on mock drills, the CoE only said it was part of \"routine exam procedure\".He, however, refused to spell out the exact reason for changing the BA question paper at approximately 100 centres spread over six districts - Nagpur, Bhandara, Gondia, Gadchiroli, Chandrapur and Wardha, and one centre at Bhusawal in Jalgaon. \"It is confidential and I can't reveal everything,\" he said.Pointing out the absurdity in Kane's statement on mock drill, an NU official who is in the know of things said, \"On one hand the question paper sets are sent by bus or railway in loosely packed cartons for want of money then why would we spend lakhs on mock drills,\" he said, not wanting to be identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12875056", "title": "Ranchi crime graph: Opposition to meet governor tomorrow", "text": "RANCHI: The opposition has geared up to meet the governor on Friday to voice their protest against the city's crime scenario. At least 36 cases have been reported in Ranchi in the past six months, according to crime figures on the police website, which do not obviously record scores of unreported criminal incidents.Ranchi reported a total of 522 cognizable crime cases in February while two other main districts - East Singhbhum and Dhanbad - reported only 302 and 404, respectively. In January, Ranchi reported 574 cases while East Singhbhum and Dhanbad reported only 304 and 355, respectively. In the past six months, Ranchi has reported more crime cases than any other district.The inability of the police to create a sense of fear among criminals has worried JVM chief Babulal Marandi . \"It shows the failure of the government,\" Marandi said while adding that he would apprise the governor about the poor law and order situation on Friday.DIG (Ranchi range) Sampat Meena on Wednesday expressed her concern over the poor law and order situation. \"I have asked all police stations to intensify patrolling. Only presence of police will not help, a strong assertion of police has to be made,\" she said.The DIG held a meeting of Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh and police inspectors at her office to review the situation on Wednesday.Though figures suggest that there has been a slight decrease in number of crime cases in the state capital, women's rights activists are not ready to buy it. Particularly, the latest case of rape and murder of a woman has shocked them. Rights activist Abha Sinha, who is also a Congress leader, said: \"The DIG has assured us of speedy action against the perpetrators of criminal activities.\"The state capital reported a total of 12 murders cases in February, 21 in January, 23 in December 2011, 18 in November, 28 in October and 19 in September. A total of 10 kidnapping cases were registered in February, 16 in January, 21 in December, 12 in November, 13 in October and 18 in September.State Congress spokesperson Sailesh Sinha said: \"We will meet the governor to intimate him about the situation. It, however, will not help much. The system is running without any real governance. The existing government has lost sensitivity towards society. The SSP Ranchi shared similar sentiments.A mock drill of riot control was organized at Police Lines on Wednesday to better prepare the state capital's police to deal with riots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12875361", "title": "Pakistani nationals apply for citizenship", "text": "AMRITSAR: Around two dozen Pakistani nationals living in Amritsar for past more than 8 to 10 years have approached the district administration seeking Indian citizenship in the wake of recent ease announced by the government in formalities for acquiring Indian citizenship by Pakistani nationals living before 2004.Sharan Singh, who hails from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, said that he wouldn't go back to Pakistan as he feared attack by Muslim fundamentalists. He said here they had to run between Amritsar, Chandigarh and Delhi for completion of various formalities. \"Be it extending visa or renewal of passports of all the family members. Twice I had to go to Pakistan for applying for new passport and procuring computerized voter card for family members,\" he said.Teenaged Vidya said that she was a class VIII student when she migrated to Amritsar with other family members. \"No school gave me admission in class IX here so I had to restart my studies from class V and now I am preparing to take admission in college.\"Urging Indian government for granting them Indian citizenship, she said, \"Today we are not Pakistanis nor Indians, I wish we all soon becomes Indians.\" Deputy Commissioner Rajat Aggarwal said they would do all to facilitate the deserving Pakistani nationals in acquiring Indian citizenship.All India Hindu Shiv Sena president Surinder Kumar Billa who took the Pak nationals to the DC office appealed to the government to end the plights of these hapless Pakistanis and grant them Indian citizenship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12874022", "title": "Burglary in Dwarka, Rs 74k stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Jewellery worth Rs 67,000 was reported stolen in a burglary in the Dwarka area of the city. According to police, some unidentified thieves entered the flat of one Jagdish Patil, resident of Vrindavan Apartment, General Vaidya Nagar, Dwarka,between 10 am and 4 pm on April 24, by breaking open the lock and latch of the flat and decamped with jewellery of Rs 67,000 and cash of Rs 7,000. The Bhadrakali Police have registered an offence in this regard.1 car, 2 bikes stolen: A Chevrolet Optra car worth Rs eight lakh and two motorbikes were stolen in separate incidents of vehicle theftsin the city. Rajendra Adke, resident of Silver Valley Society, on Nashik-Pune Road said that his car got stolen when parked in the parking of his housing society on the night of April 23.The Upanagar police are investigating the case. Meanwhile,In the second incident, a Hero Honda bike worth Rs 40,000 was stolen on April 18 at around 11.30 am when parked near Nerlikar Hospital on theGangapur Road. Dinesh Bagul has registered a complaint for the latterA complaint in this regard has been registered by one Dinesh Bagul of Cidco area. Yet another case of vehicle theft occurred in the parking lot of KTHM collegeon April 7. The complainant Sachin Venglukar said that his Scooty Street scooter got stolen on April 7 at around 12 noon.The Sarkarwawada plice are investigating this case.22-year-old alleges modesty outrage: Incident of outraging modesty of 22 year old. A case where the modesty of a 22-year-old woman was outraged took place in the Pathardi Phata area of the city. The complainant alleged that the accused, a man by the name of According to the complainant, a person namedTomy Fernando barged into the complainant'shouse which is located in Narhari Nagar.The Indiranagar police said the complainant was alone at home when incident occured. The case is being further investigated by the police. The Upnagar police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12875097", "title": "Clash in B Com, CA exam timetable puts students in dilemma", "text": "INDORE: More than 4,000 students pursuing Bachelors of Commerce (B Com) in various affiliated colleges of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) are in a dilemma as the exam timetable of B Com are clashing with that of the Chartered Accountant (CA) examinations scheduled to be held next month.This has come to the fore at a meeting of principals with the varsity top officials here on Wednesday. Principals took up the issue on behalf of their students, who would soon appear for university examinations as well as CA examinations. The university had called the meeting of principals in the wake of successful conduct of examinations and to take views of college principals on the issue.However, the matter took a turn when few principals raised the issue of the clash of examination dates of B Com and CA. The college principals rued that the varsity should take care of the examination dates as they give admission to the students promising that their schedule to appear for CA exam will not be affected. However, offending the principals view, DAVV registrar R D Musalgaonkar said, \"We do not decide the time table keeping in mind schedule of other examination.\"This annoyed the principals and they said the varsity should give them the task to make examination time-table.DAVV also granted funds in advance to the colleges for conduct of examination.DAVV vice-chancellor Dr Rajkamal also asked the principals to inform the varsity immediately if there are any problems related to question papers or problems during the conduct of examination so that appropriate action is taken on priority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "12875321", "title": "Double celebration for Ravinder and family", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Wednesday called for double celebration for Ravinder Singh , a resident of Bhai Randhir Singh Nagar, and his family. On the day, he not only celebrated his 38th birthday, but also opened a new spare parts shop on Gill Road.As the clock struck 12, his wife Mandeep Kaur, 34, and two children Palak, 12, and Japnoor Singh, 10, wished him and gifted him a bouquet and a jeans and a T-shirt.They organized a special prayer at home and shop. Many of their friends and relatives joined them in the celebration. Ravinder's mother Harjit Kaur, 52, blessed him and gave him a rosary. Then, a cake was cut and 'langar' (community food) served.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12874115", "title": "Investigation lessons for North-East police", "text": "AGARTALA: Twelve police sub-inspectors from various northeastern states have joined a short-term course on crime investigation modules as per instructions from Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPR&D;). According to reports, the Tripura Police Training Academy has been assigned to conduct a five-day course that involves hands on training and sharing of experiences on investigation of criminal cases with reference to the changing face of crime in the region.In a bid to sharpen their skills, 12 brilliant mid-level police officers from Assam, Nagaland and Tripura are attending the course since Monday, said Nepal Das, inspector general of Tripura Police Control. He said that the BPR&D; has funded the programme with an aim to modernize the police forces and ensures that it evolves with the times.The training was aimed to address the modernization requirements of the force by technological applications and to promote induction of new equipment and techniques. The training stressed on investigation of homicide and murder cases, Das added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12874653", "title": "Month on, still no dividers on accident-prone road in Usgao", "text": "PONDA: A month-and-a-half after a fatal accident took place at Usgao where three persons lost their lives, the authorities have still not even finalized who will erect the road dividers on the accident-prone stretch.While the Goa Mineral Ore Exporters' Association (GMOEA) had asked the assistant engineer of the PWD at Ponda to take up the work and assured the department of bearing the expenses, PWD officials expressed their inability to do so because of the ongoing panchayat election code of conduct.On March 5, an unknown truck driver, who is still absconding, had banged into the Indira Balrath school bus killing bus driver Ganesh Prabhu, 40, a resident of Barazan-Usgao; cleaner of the bus Sagar Subhash Gosavi, 34, a resident of Gosaviwada-Usgao and Priyanka Ramnath Gaude, 15, a Class X student of Sarvodaya High School, Usgao, on the spot.After the mishap, the authorities concerned had made several assurances, including promising to erect permanent road dividers on the accident-prone stretch, the work for which was supposed to begin from April 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12874049", "title": "Two arrested for rhino poaching attempts in park", "text": "JORHAT: Kaziranga forest staff on Wednesday arrested two persons on charge of their involvement in rhino poaching attempts in the national park and its adjacent areas over the past few months. The duo was identified as Rupam Kutum and Manoj Pegu. However, nothing was found on them.A Kaziranga forest official said that following some intelligence inputs, park officials arrested the poachers from their residences, located near the boundary of the park. According to him, the poachers were involved in another rhino poaching attempt a few months ago.\"We have specific information that the arrested persons were involved in one more rhino poaching attempt in the park and are members of an interstate rhino poaching gang. However, no incriminating articles were recovered from them. We are still interrogating them,\" he said.Rhino killing incidents in Kaziranga have been risen in the past few months.On January 3, the national park lost one rhino from its northern forest range and the animal's horn was also missing.On December 21, poachers killed another adult rhino at Pathalisapori area near the northern boundary of the park. The rhino was shot dead by a .303 rifle and its horn was also chopped off.On December 14, a similar incident occurred at Bijbali sapori near the Brahmaputra where the poachers killed the rhino and snatched the horn. Forest staff said five armed men killed the rhino and took away its horn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873500", "title": "PIL against Bhandari\u2019s nomination", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday will hear a PIL questioning the manner in which a sitting judge of the apex court was selected as the nominee for the post of judge in the International Court of Justice, for which voting is scheduled on April 27.The PIL, filed by an LLM student, said the Union government has refused to give any information about the manner of selection of Justice Dalveer Bhandari as India's nominee and alleged that this reflected total lack of transparency in the process.\"However, the government admitted that it was indulging in strong lobbying to secure the post of ICJ judge in favour of Justice Dalveer Bhandari,\" the petitioner said. If Justice Bhandari gets the requisite votes, India will have a nominee on the ICJ after two decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873097", "title": "Lack of medical assistance in delivery evokes anger", "text": "PUNE: Experts have denounced Tuesday's incident at the Pune Municipal Corporation-run Kamala Nehru hospital, where a pregnant woman delivered a stillborn baby without any medical assistance at the entrance of the hospital.\"If a woman reaches a hospital with labour pains and delivers on its premises without getting medical assistance, then, it is distressing,\" said gynaecologist Charuchandra Joshi, former president of Pune Obstetrics and Gynaecological Society (POGS).Lalita Phulawale, 25, a mother of two, first came to the hospital with labour pains in the afternoon and was advised admission. However, a doctor deduced from her medical report that the delivery would take place in a day or two. He asked Lalita and her immediate family to come back to the hospital in a day's time. Late in the night, Lalita, who was still in labour pains, was rushed back to the hospital.Lalita reached the hospital from her residence in Dhankawadi and delivered the stillborn around 2 am at the hospital's entrance. The hospital authorities admitted that their nurses had either gone back home or were busy in the operation theatre when the woman arrived at the hospital.Avinash Bhondwe, former president of Indian Medical Association, Pune chapter, said, \"What happened with the pregnant woman is not acceptable. A patient needing emergency treatment not being attended by medical staff, that too, in a hospital is not at all acceptable. This does not fit in medical ethics and practice. The hospital needs to design an emergency call programme to improve the response time to attend emergency situations so that such incidents do not happen in future\".Gynaecologist Bharati Dhore Patil, president of the city chapter of the Indian Medical Association, said, \"Doctors should have conducted the non-stress test/ contraction stress test to find out whether the woman was in early phase of labour. These tests are available at all hospitals, including the Kamla Nehru Hospital. Had the testes been conducted, the baby's heartbeats would have been monitored and intervention would have been possible at the right time. This, perhaps, would have avoided the unfortunate incident\".Patil said working women are reluctant to get themselves admitted if there are no labour pains. \"They think that they will be unnecessarily asked to undergo caesarean operation. Such assumptions are common among women, which are baseless,\" Dhore Patil said.Surgeon Subhash Behere, former secretary of the medico legal cell of IMA, deplored the fact that the woman was not offered help even after delivering the baby for half-an-hour. \"It is difficult to precisely tell the time of the delivery. Many a time it happens that women who have children from earlier pregnancies, get labour pains unpredictably earlier than what is calculated. But the fact that the woman was not offered medical help immediately is inhuman\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12872714", "title": "Helmets could have saved women: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Few women ride a motorcycle in this city but of the 705 two wheeler riders killed last year, 47 were women, and 42 of them were riding pillion. This year, till April 15, 11 more women have been killed riding pillion. Police say many of them would have survived the accidents had they been compelled to wear helmets.While the government has finally decided to make helmets compulsory for women riding pillion, police will soon launch a campaign to educate the public on the issue.\"We had always felt that it should be compulsory for women to wear helmets as they are equally vulnerable when riding two wheelers. We will be educating people by way of advertisements and other public service initiatives before the law comes into effect,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.After pedestrians, two wheeler riders are the most vulnerable road users. Last year, they accounted for more than 35% of road accidents casualties in Delhi, up from 32% a year earlier. \"India accounts for more than 10% of road fatalities worldwide despite having only 1% of the world's vehicle population. The country suffers a hit of Rs 1 lakh crore every year due to road accidents.To increase the safety of two wheeler riders, countries like Vietnam , Cambodia and Uganda have adopted the Global Helmet Vaccine Initiative with positive results but the lack of dedication on the part of policymakers in India has kept the country's road safety record dismal,\" said KK Kapila, chairman of International Road Federation (IRF).The Central Motor Vehicle Act had made helmets compulsory for all pillion riders but the Delhi government made it optional in its Motor Vehicle Rules 1993.While police officials say helmets are as important for the pillion as for the rider, hospitals report that women riding pillion suffer more severe head injuries as they have nothing to hold on to and risk falling in mid-traffic. Hence, exempting women from wearing helmets exposes them to a greater risk of head injury, claimed officials.In countries like the UK , children whose feet don't touch the footboard of a two wheeler are not allowed to ride. But India has no legislation for children and Delhi goes a step further by exempting women from wearing helmets.Traffic police officials say an increase in the fine for those caught riding two wheelers without a helmet will help in further reducing fatalities. \"At present, the fine is paltry - Rs 100. In the amendment to the motor vehicle Act, it has been suggested that the fine should be increased to a minimum of Rs 500. This will act as a further deterrent,\" said a senior traffic cop.Times ViewThe Delhi government should use this opportunity to make the wearing of helmets compulsory for women. And women themselves should realise that such a measure is in their own interests. After all, they are just as vulnerable as men in the event of an accident. So, far from viewing it as an imposition, it should be seen as a safety measure which should have been voluntarily adopted. Statistics show all too clearly that pillion riders are the most vulnerable in accidents involving two-wheelers and that wearing helmets greatly reduces the number of fatalities in such accidents. Why then should we wait for a government diktat to do what is so obviously prudent?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12875596", "title": "Civic body trying to put onus on societies", "text": "MUMBAI: While several Mumbaikars remained unimpressed with the BMCs water co n taminationguidelines for ho using societies and said that the civic body was shirking its responsibilities, a few were in favour of enforcing them as protocol.TOI spoke to various housing societies to get their views on the civic bodys move. Hansel DS ouza, a member of the Juhu Citizens Welfare Group, said, The BMC is just trying to pass the buck to housing societies. We do carry out all the required maintenance of our water tanks and ensure that they are cleaned before every monsoon. Several suburban Mumbaikars said the BMC is not doing enough to solve the water contamination issue. DS ouza said, The BMC should own up and take action. Its common knowledge that the main reason for contamination is the sorry state of pipelines.On the other hand, some such as Mamta Vashist, a resident of New Usha Nagar in Wadala, who had found worms in the water supply, was in support of the BMCs plan. She said, I think it is a good idea. Societies should know what to do to prevent water contamination. In fact, the BMC should make the guidelines mandatory. After we cleaned our tank, the quality of water has vastly improved.While a few residents said that the BMC was not being practical, Clarence Gomes, president of the Bandra Residents Action Group, said, The BMC needs to work from the grassroots level. For example, in parts of old Bandra, a lot of the water contamination takes place because of flooding in the monsoon. Sewage water seeps into the BMCs water supply pipes. We keep our tanks clean, but we cant do more than that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12877707", "title": "B-Town big shot in Ambani's event", "text": "Bollywood's top ten have been invited by the Ambanis to meet UN Sec Gen Ban Ki-moonInterestingly, the evening that will see Ban Ki-moon discussing issues regarding the empowerment of the girl child, will also have a few faces from the Hindi cinema industry. The list happens to be extremely exclusive. After all, it's not every day that you get to dine with the UN Secretary General. Among the key invitees from Bollywood are Aamir Khan and wife Kiran Rao .Shabana Azmi, who had been actively supporting the issue of child survival, will be there with husband Javed Akhtar . Yash Chopra , Vidya Balan , Zoya Akhtar , Farhan Akhtar , Ronnie Screwvala and Zarina Mehta are reportedly on the Ambanis' guestlist as well. When contacted, Shabana Azmi said, \"In the little time that Ban Ki-moon has, I hope to be able to tell him about my NGO and the work we have done for the girl child.\" - With Inputs Kunal M Shah", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12875096", "title": "Pizzas can be healthy too, cut prostate cancer risk", "text": "LONDON: It may not be low in calories, but eating pizza could actually be good for you - only if you add oregano to it, for a study by an Indian-origin researcher says the seasoning is a powerful weapon against prostate cancer.Supriya Bavadekar and colleagues at Long Island University have found that oregano, a seasoning commonly used in pizza and other Italian food, has the potential to become a powerful weapon against prostate cancer.Prostate cancer is a type of cancer that starts in the prostate gland and usually occurs in older men. Recent data shows that about 1 in 36 men will die of prostate cancer.Current treatment options for patients include surgery, radiation therapy, hormone therapy, chemotherapy, and immune therapy.Unfortunately, these are associated with considerable complications and/or severe side effects.Baacadekar and her team studied carvacrol, a chemical in oregano . Added to prostate cancer cells in the lab, it rapidly wiped them out. Left for four days, almost all the cells were killed, the Daily Mail reported.Tests showed it triggered the cells to kill themselves. The oregano chemical could now be used itself as a treatment against cancer, or as the blueprint for a more powerful drug, say the researchers.Bavadekar, a pharmacologist, said, \"Some researchers have previously shown that eating pizza may cut down cancer risk. This effect has been mostly attributed to lycopene, a substance found in tomato sauce, but we now feel that even the oregano seasoning may play role.\"If the study continues to yield positive results, this super-spice may present a very promising therapy for patients with prostate cancer . A significant advantage is that oregano is commonly used in food.\"We expect this to translate into a decreased risk of severe toxic effects.\"But this study is at a preliminary stage and further experiments are needed to get a better idea of uses in the clinic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12875535", "title": "Karjat dam got technical nod without assessment", "text": "The Kondhane dam in Karjat, whose cost and height soared after the contract was awarded to F A Enterprises, is on the river Ulhas, situated below Khandala. It will submerge around 1, 000 acres, of which more than half is forest land.Although officials claimed the project would supply water for drinking, industrial and irrigation purposes in Karjat, sources said sprawling residential projects of some big developers would ultimately benefit from the dam. F A Enterprises has bagged 13 irrigation projects, all in Raigad district.The sequence of events is startling. On May 19, 2011, the state cabinet gave conditional clearance to the project. It said the final sanction would come only if an assessment was done to certify that the proposed dam will meet the expressed need for water. But a week later, the KIDC asked for technical sanction from the state water resources department without undertaking the assessment study. Within 24 hours, the departments chief engineer gave technical sanction, said a source.On May 29, 2011, the executive engineer sought permission to announce the tenders, which appeared in local newspapers on June 1. Among the tender conditions was one that said bidders must have experience in forest clearance, something that sources said most big and reputed construction companies would not have. The advertisements said tenders could be submitted between June 9 and June 16. The Central Vigilance Commission guidelines on tendering prescribe 4-6 weeks for submission of tenders. Ultimately, only three bids were submitted, two of which had a common owner F A Enterprises and F A Constructions. The third was by A B Negi Reddy.F A Enterprises was awarded the contract because it quoted 9. 98% above the tender estimate of Rs 56 crore. The contractor then reduced it to 9. 48% and further down to 4. 98% above the official estimate. On July 22, 2011, the tender was accepted by the irrigation department and permission granted to the contractor to go ahead with the project. On August 24, 2011, the scope of the contract was increased to Rs 328 crore and the dams height to 71 metres.Meanwhile, the Archaeological Survey of India shot off a letter to the irrigation department on January 21, 2012, stating that the dam would risk the ancient Buddhist Kondhane caves. This office has inquired from the competent authoritys office and found that without obtaining approval, your work has started near the foothill of the caves, it said. According to member of legislative council Jayant Patil, there are 100 dams across Maharashtra where costs have increased manifold to benefit a clutch of contractors. There is a clear pattern. Award the contract at a low price and then jack it up once the work commences, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873411", "title": "India, Pak for liberal visa pact", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign minister S M Krishna reiterated on Wednesday that a liberalized visa agreement with Pakistan is likely to be signed during the next meeting of the home secretaries.Making a suo motu statement in Parliament on PM Manmohan Singh's recent meeting with President Asif Ali Zardari here, Krishna said that it was clear from their conversation that both countries consider the dialogue process and improvement of bilateral ties as being in the mutual interest of the people of India and Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12873929", "title": "Noida Authority continues sealing drive", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority on Wednesday afternoon continued with its sealing drive and conducted checks in Sector 31. The sealing squad inspected six locations; illegal operations had been stopped in four locations, and a warning was served in the other two cases.On finding that a guesthouse had been ignoring all directions by the Authority to stop unauthorized activity from its residential premises, the administrative officer of Noida instructed that the allottee be served a notice for lease deed cancellation. The officials, however, did not seal a single property.Officials of the enforcement department of Noida have also been ordered to conduct an inquiry and submit a report on the alleged violation of the sanctioned building plans of the allottee of C-1/7 and C-1/8 in the sector. All other property owners who were issued notices for illegal operations from their residential areas were also asked to pay a penalty equalling 1% of the prevailing sector rates. \"During our survey, we found 17 properties in Sector 31 to be conducting non-sanctioned activity from their premises and we issued notices to shut shop immediately,\" said Rajesh Prakash, administrative officer, Noida. \"If these property owners fail to pay up, their lease deeds will be cancelled, which will invite a stiffer fine,\" said Prakash. \"The property owner of the Surya guesthouse being run from C-1/7 and 1/8 has had his lease deed cancelled earlier as well,\" Prakash said. \"Once we cancel the lease deed, he will be charged 5% of the current sector rates on restoration,\" the AO said.During sealing operations, officials had found that besides two banks and four clinics, two paying guest accommodations and two general stores were being run illegally.\"Of the 17 properties identified, we also found six guesthouses operating in the sector,\" Prakash said. \"Of these, we found two to have closed down. They had stored their furniture and other goods in their basements,\" Prakash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12874353", "title": "Pernem waste treatment plant to go on stream soon", "text": "MAPUSA: Chairperson of the Pernem municipal council (PMC) Vasudev Deshprabhu has said that their garbage treatment plant will be commissioned within a fortnight as the construction work has been completed and work of installing the machinery is underway.\"The priority is to solve the garbage issue, make garbage collection effective and ensure that the garbage is dumped only at the treatment plant so that Pernem gets rid of the garbage menace,\" said Deshprabhu.The municipality had acquired around 30,000 sq m of land for the project at the Pernem plateau. The construction work on the treatment plant was done by a local contractor and machinery is provided by a Mumbai based company. The total cost of the project is 3 crore, including the land acquisition.The garbage treatment facility comprises a treatment plant and a garbage disposer and the plant can treat up to 10 tonnes of garbage daily. Pernem town generates waste of only two tonnes per day and about four tonnes on a Thursday, which is a market day.As the waste management plant will not receive sufficient garbage on a daily basis, the municipality has plans to lift the garbage generated in other villages in Pernem taluka. The four villages of Korgao, Mandrem, Morjim and Arambol have approached the municipality to treat their garbage. Korgao and Mandrem produce garbage of about one tonne per day while Morjim and Arambol produce 1.5 tonnes per day.\"We cannot keep the plant idle it has to be kept working and each village cannot have a garbage treatment plant, However, the municipality will have to look into the various aspects like collection, transportation etc, we have to work on the modalities on how to go about it,\" the civic chief said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873821", "title": "Caste-based parties set to flood state", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anticipating the 2014 Assembly elections battle to be one that sees caste loyalties asserted like never before, a plethora of political parties claiming to represent different caste interests are on the verge of being born.In the coming few months, at least four leaders representing the major communities are slated to float political parties with a view to securing their 'legitimate' share.Manda Krishna Madiga, who spearheaded the SC classification issue across Andhra Pradesh, has decided to float a new political party and contest the 2014 elections with the promise of ushering in social justice for the Madigas, a scheduled caste community.His plank is surely to be the commitment that he would ensure implementation of the SC classification rules by which his community would greatly benefit in terms of government jobs and education. Manda Krishna's earlier efforts to enter the Assembly were nullified by the 2009 defeat to Mallu Bhatti Vikramarka in the Madhira constituency.Manda Krishna had represented the Madiga Reservation Porata Samithi (MRPS) platform at the time. \"My party would be launched in June or post June. We will contest the 2014 elections with 'social justice' as our agenda. I am sure of achieving political power. We will not remain oppressed forever,\" he said.Another such leader is R Krishnaiah, who has concerned himself backward caste-related issues in the past and has now decided to launch a separate political party for their welfare. Krishnaiah is president of the BC welfare association but is someone whose efforts to secure a Congress ticket have never been properly rewarded.\"Although the BCs in the state account for nearly 54% of its population, their representation in both the state legislature and Parliament is next to nothing. In 64 years of Indian democracy, the share of BCs in state legislatures has been a meagre 15% with only 4% representation in the judiciary and 7% presence in government jobs,\" Krishnaiah pointed out.Another likely entrant in the political fray is former Congressman and newspaper-owner Nukarapu Surya Prakasa Rao. Rao is planning to float a party to champion the interests of the BC community once he comes out of jail where he is serving time in a cheating case.Karem Sivaji, a Mala leader, is thinking of launching a political party to safeguard the interests of his community.Currently president of the Mala Mahanadu, Sivaji is against SC classification which he says will cause rifts to appear among SCs in Andhra Pradesh. Sivaji, who has a strong base in East Godavari district, wants to float a party that could win some seats in the 2014 elections. However, history has shown that political parties that have championed the cause of a particular caste have not done too well in elections. Kapu Nadu, a community party floated by M Padmanabham, fared miserably in its maiden elections and was forced to pack up.Nalla Surya Prakash started a political party for SCs but could not win a single seat. He later joined YSR Congress as the president of its SC cell. \"Castes in the country are not homogenous as all castes have rich as well as poor people. So, there is no uniform emotional bonding between the entire community.\"If one examines election data from elections held in the last 60 years, never has a single community voted en masse for one party,\" said political analyst C Narasimha Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873529", "title": "UPSIDC headless after Sehgal's exit", "text": "LUCKNOW: Despite effecting more than 1,200 transfers of senior IAS and PCS officers since it was sworn to power, the Samajwadi Party government has failed to fill up a few key posts in the state government. Prominent among the posts lying vacant include the post of Chairman for the Uttar Pradesh State Development Corporation. Ever since Navneet Sehgal, the last person to head UPSIDC was shunted out to run the department of religious affairs, the department has remained without a top boss to handle its affairs. Though the state government appointed Mohd Iftikharuddin as managing director of the corporation, its inability to appoint anyone to the post of chairman is taking a toll on pushing some key decisions that have been pending in the department.One of the prime objectives of UPSIDC is to develop industrial areas and provide primary infrastructure to interested industries. Recently, the state government announced its intent to set up a Mega Food Park in UP at Jagdishpur.Though the preliminary aspects of the project have already been cleared, the implementation of the scheme is currently caught up in a bureaucratic tangle as a result of the existing UPSIDC by-laws.Though the government is believed to have expressed a desire to push through some reforms, a vacant position at the top is causing considerable delays in the implementation of the project. Currently, UPSIDC by-laws permit only two land leases to be issued. Holding the first lease itself, the second sub-lease for the MFP land has been allotted to Aditya Birla Nuvo Limited (ABNL), the company which will set up the MFP. Since Central government rules for setting up MFP mandate that land holdings be in the names of individual processing units, however, the state government must either amend UPSIDC by-laws or sell additional land, adjacent to the existing MFP, to ABNL. \"The matter is being considered by UPSIDC officials and will be resolved soon,'' sources said.Though fresh allotment of land can be done by the managing director, changing the corporation's by-laws will require the sanction of board members of the UPSIDC. This will not only take additional time but will also mandate the appointment of a Chairman to the corporation.The prolonged transfer process has derailed development initiatives in several departments. With bureaucratic movement continuing for over a month since the government was appointed, several decisions have been delayed.A UP government bureaucrat, on condition of anonymity, said: \"The process of transfers after the government took over was expected. For them to go on for over a month, however, tends to delay and sometimes even derail the development process. For the government's initiatives to kick off, the bureaucracy needs to settle down in its current roles and start taking decisions.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873421", "title": "PMRDA delayed due to tiff between NCP, Congress: Bapat", "text": "PUNE: BJP MLA and chairman of the public accounts committee Girish Bapat has alleged that the tussle between the district guardian minister and the chief minister is creating hurdles in the formation of the Pune Metropolitan Region Development Authority (PMRDA).\"Both the ruling parties are ignoring the fact that government and private lands are being encroached upon at an alarming rate. All this land will be under the PMRDA soon. If this misuse of land is not stopped now, it will create major problems in the future,\" Bapat said at a press conference on Tuesday.\"The chief minister is expected to head the PMRDA, but the district guardian minister (Ajit Pawar) wants to be in-charge. Since the authority will cover areas from Lonavala, Talegaon Dabhade to Bhor, it would attract large funding. Hence the attempt to have a hold over it. There has to be some amicable solution to this problem,\" he said.When asked about chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's statement that official announcement about the PMRDA would come in three months, Bapat said, \"I do not believe it. The reason for delay in the formation of the PMRDA is more political than anything else.\"On the issue of metro in Pune, Bapat said, \"When we raised the issue in the Assembly, the state government asked the Pune Municipal Corporation to make some corrections in the project report. The modified report will be discussed in the state cabinet meeting in the coming weeks. A note will be prepared and submitted to the Union government. Once the Delhi metro approves it, the state can get funds from the Union government for implementation of the metro rail project in our city.\" Bapat also said that the route from Vanaz to Ramwadi would be a priority.Bapat also expressed his views on the leak of the Comptroller and Auditor General's report about land allotment to educational institutes in the state and the subsequent decision of the state government to conduct a CID investigation into the leaks. \"Our party does not fear action against our MLAs. We have raised the issues which the CAG pointed out in the report. If the land is still lying unutilized, it should be taken back by the government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873277", "title": "Change in rules to curb multiple flats\u2019 allotment", "text": "MUMBAI: The revenue, urban development (UD) and housing departments are working on plugging loopholes that have allowed influential persons such as politicians, bureaucrats and journalists to corner multiple flats at subsidized rates.Mantralaya sources said all the departments need to change their rules in tandem so that there are no future problems of certain people cornering a large number of concessional houses.The revenue department is considering introducing changes such as any person owning a house on a plot granted by the government on a subsidized basis in any part of the state will not be eligible for a similar concession, nor will his spouse and children.Currently, the law states that if a person owns a house in a district, she/he cannot be a member of a housing society seeking a plot at a concessional rate in that district.\"For the open category, such plots are given at a discount of 20% of the ready reckoner rate and for those from under-privileged classes, the discount is much more. A number of people have thus managed to corner houses in several parts of the state,\" said a source.Y P Singh, lawyer and activist, said more changes were required in the Maharashtra Land Revenue ( Disposal of Government Land) Rules, 1971, if the system is to be made foolproof.Singh said government plots in prime areas were often termed as isolated plots and thus made available to be given through the use of discretion. The development control rules state that any plot above 10,000 sq m is to be treated as a layout. The negligence of the revenue department to set a maximum size has meant that some societies of influential people have got very large plots. \"Pataliputra, a housing society of bureaucrats at Andheri (W) was given a 55,000 sq ft plot,\" said Singh, adding that such discretion reduced the number of government plots available.UD officials said in 1996, the housing department that oversaw the implementation of Urban Land Ceiling Act issued a Government Resolution (GR) to define who would be eligible for a flat under the 5% (ULC flats) and 2% (Mhada flats) under the discretionary quota. The GR said any person who owned a flat in the nine urban agglomerations could not avail of this quota.Bureaucrats who wield considerable clout often got flats in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Pune by ensuring that the discretionary power was used to give them flats under the \"in dire need\" category.Sources said the state, in its proposal to the Bombay high court, has already dropped the category so that there is no avenue for exploitation.Mhada also gives 2% of the total number of flats to the state to be given through the chief minister's discretionary quota. \"Mhada rates are less than the market rates. Also, the probability of getting a house through lots is less as there are a large number of applicants. So people who know to work the system prefer to get it through the discretionary quota,\" said Singh.Sources said the state has already put up a proposal before the HC to do away with the discretionary powers of the CM, stating categories who could avail of these flats under the quota, strictly on merit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12877750", "title": "Clients reviewing IT budgets more frequently", "text": "BANGALORE: Technology buyers from Euro Zone and the US have started reviewing their annual IT budgets on a quarterly basis. Customers lack market visibility today and therefore budget review frequencies are getting even shorter to monthly levels, say industry watchers.Practice head of Tata Strategic Management Group, K Raman says IT budgets are reviewed quite frequently today with uncertainty still looming large. Customers are extremely cautious and are keen to get amaximum return on their investments.So goals are set and reviewed on a quarterly or monthly basis from the earlier system of annual reviews. Companies don't have a longterm view and they are trying to build it through the year on a quarter-to-quarter basis, and that's a global trend today, confirms JP Morgan.The trend is more rampant among banking and financial services institutions and insurance companies. \"Most budgets are closed and they are flat or marginally down. In the financial services segment, what we are seeing is zero-based budgeting, with a month-to-month spending philosophy,\" says SD Shibulal, CEO, Infosys.An analysis of historic market data found the number of outsourcing transactions has increased dramatically over time even as the average duration of contracts has declined. Budget commitments are no longer for one year, clients are now assessing their commitments multiple times in a year, adds Siddharth A Pai, MD, TPI India.Contract expirations are now occurring at twice the rate they did five years ago. Some 570 outsourcing contracts have expired during the last calendar year and a record contract expirations are expected again this year.The number of contracts restructured will rise 20% in 2012 and re-budgeting will be an integral part of all these contract expiries, indicates a recent TPI Index released by Information Services Group, a leading technology insights, market intelligence and advisory services company.Partha Iyengar, vice president Gartner India says there is still reason to cheer for the industry as some of these budget reviews could be company-specific, provider-specific or domain specific and therefore need not be a trend that might impact the wholeindustry.Global IT spend is expected to be over $900 billion of which offshore accounts for $80 to $85 billion, and India currently has a share of 65%. \"So the point is, a lot of headroom for growth is available in the offshore model,\" adds Iyengar.It is critical for enterprises to adopt a flexible budgeting approach that enables them torespond to changing business conditions. It should be an integrated budgeting approach, touching business climate, compensation, targets and strategies, feel experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874182", "title": "Complaint against hotel withdrawn", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after Jharkhand-based trader Jitesh Rajpal lodged a complaint at Park Street police station stating that Rs 2 lakh had been stolen from his hotel room, Rajpal reportedly withdrew his complaint on Wednesday.On Monday, Rajpal checked into a hotel on Park Street. When he returned to his hotel room in the evening, he found cash of Rs 2 lakh missing from the locker of his room. The businessman said that he had kept the cash in the locker but did not lock it.Acting on the complaint, police registered a case and got hold of the CCTV footage of the corridor. They also detained three employees for interrogation, suspecting that the act might have been done by insiders., since the room was not broken.On Wednesday, hotel authorities, however, claimed that Rajpal had withdrawn the complaint since he wasn't sure if he had kept the cash in the room. Rajpal could not be contacted.Jitesh Rajpal, the Jharkhand-based trader who on Tuesday lodged complaint with Park Street police station about the theft of Rs 2-lakh from the hotel room, reportedly has withdrawn his complaint. Rajpal on Monday checked in a star hotel on Park Street. In the evening he returned to his hotel room and found Rs 2-lakh cash missing from the locker inside the room.Rajpal claimed that he had kept the cash in the locker but did not locked it. Acting on the complaint police started probe after registering a case and collected the CCTV footage of the corridor. Police said that they also detained three employees for interrogation as initially police suspected insiders hand as the room was not broken.On Wednesday the hotel authorities however claimed that Rajpal has withdrawn the complaint as he is now not sure that he had kept the cash in the hotel room. The complainant could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12873513", "title": "Assurances pour in after woman dies for water", "text": "THANE: Water supply minister Laxman Dhoble and minister of state for tribal development Rajendra Gavit visited the hilly pocket of Mokhada on Wednesday to take stock of the water situation following the untimely death of an adivasi woman who had had to trek for hours in the scorching sun to fetch water from the tankers provided by the state authorities last week.At the meeting which lasted for over three hours, Dhoble instructed the district administration to identify all piped water supply projects in the tribal talukas. \"Quite a few schemes are non-functional due to damages to the pipes or faulty taps etc. The minister has instructed us to identify such projects which need minor repair works and ensure that water supply is restored to the villages,'' a senior officials told TOI.At the meeting which lasted for over three hours, the ministers were informed that private contractors supplying water tankers to the dry and parched talukas in Thane have turned their back on the government contracts due to low rates. \"Tenders were floated four times in recent months but still there was no response from the contractors as the prevailing rates were fixed way back in 2009 and there has been no rate revision. The ministers assured that they would take up the issue with the CM for increase in the rates,'' the official added.The ministers were given details of the measures initiated by the administration to deal with water scarcity and drought-like situations in the triabal pockets of Mokhda, Jawahar, Talasari, Shahapur, Vikramgadh. They were informed that the number of tankers provided to the dry pockets here has reduced considerably due to minor irrigation works and creation of small ponds and recharging of wells programme undertaken under the EGS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873891", "title": "Rickety tankers leave a trail of leaking water", "text": "HYDERABAD: The trail of water that water tankers leave behind on the road may not seem like much, but it adds up to an enormous amount of precious liquid lost daily.Around 20,000 litres of water from tankers is wasted during transit every day due to leakages and spillages even as denizens across the city struggle to cope with dry borewells and long waiting periods for water tankers.Tanker drivers say at least 100 litres of water is wasted during transportation every time due to cheap valves and improper sealing while the Water Board authorities claim all their tankers are thoroughly inspected and in good condition.A driver of a Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) water tanker said, \"We try our best to drive carefully to minimise spillage but we cannot help the leaking valve at the back. Around 100 to 200 litres of water is lost on every trip we make. An extra 50 litres is wasted if there are spillages from the opening on the top of the tanker.\"The HMWS&SB; dispatches around 200 tankers per day in the city, and with each tanker losing a minimum of 100 litres, the total amount of water wasted in a day comes up to around 20,000 litres.\"Opening and closing of valve several times results in leakages. Even if we tighten it as much as possible, driving on bumpy road adds to the problem. Sometimes, people open the valve at traffic signals and leave it open, resulting in wastage of more water,\" said another tanker driver. The valves being used by these tankers presently are the cheaper ones which cost around Rs 1,000 or less, the higher quality ones are priced at around Rs 4,000.Drivers also said that the containers should actually be coated with Teflon inside and be sealed properly. But these improvements would result in an expenditure of Rs 10 lakh to 15 lakh on each tanker. Hence, suppliers make do with the existing tankers to eliminate these costs.Meanwhile, authorities at HMWS&SB; said the tankers are not their property and they are only concerned with supplying water. Sundar Rami Reddy, director (technical), HMWS&SB; said, \"Tanker owners themselves register with us and we only give them a permit to supply water under the 'Dial a Tanker' scheme. We don't pay them; they get their payment directly from the customer after cutting the cost of the water.\" The tanker cost of Rs 400 is divided between the Water Board and the tanker owners, with the latter getting Rs 225 of this amount.Reddy maintained that general managers of the Water Board inspect all the tankers thoroughly and only then give them a permit. \"If we get any complaints of leakages then we will surely look into it. Apart from this, we cannot do anything as we do not invest in the tankers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12874184", "title": "Monserrate gets no relief from high court in police station attack case", "text": "PANAJI: A division bench of the high court of Bombay at Goa declined to grant relief to St Cruz MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate in three petitions filed by him seeking a probe into the 2008 Panaji police station attack case.Disposing the petitions, it further directed the former education minister to appear before the Judicial Magistrate First Class, Panaji, on June 12 at 10am.Monserrate had sought the quashing and setting aside of the chargesheet filed by the crime branch against him, a stay on further proceedings in two criminal cases pending before the JMFC, Panaji, and on CBI's closure report in another related criminal case.He had also sought directions from the court for the constitution of a Special Investigating Team to probe the attack case and counter cases relating to the police ransacking his house.Monserrate, his wife, Jennifer, and 35 others are chargesheeted for the Febrauary 2008 mob attack on the Panaji police station. The attack, allegedly in retaliation to police harassment in Taleigao, where Monserrate was then MLA, left police property damaged and several policemen injured.Arguing that the CBI probe is unfair and tainted, senior counsel Atmaram Nadkarni stated that the Panaji PI ought to have first registered an FIR, following the March 3, 2008 JMFC order directing the same, only after which the investigation could have been handed over to the investigating agency.He submitted that there were rival versions of the incidents and, as such, the CBI investigation could not have been carried out without the FIR.The stand of the state government that the investigation into the complaint filed by Jennifer Monserrate has been carried out by the CBI cannot be accepted in the absence of any FIR, Nadkarni argued. The investigation is therefore unfair, tainted, one-sided, and biased in favour of the police officers who filed the FIRs against the petitioners, he stated.Public prosecutor Carlos Ferreira argued that the non-registration of the FIR cannot be treated as fatal in view of the notification issued by the state government, as well as the March 25, 2008 order of the high court.The court had in that order refused to grant any interim relief in view of the statement made by the advocate general that the grievances of the petitioners would be investigated along with the investigation by the CBI.The Supreme Court had also not interfered with the said order in the Special Leave to Appeal preferred by the petitioners and, as such, the order passed by the high court had attained finality, Ferreira stated.He argued that no case has been made out for quashing of the criminal proceedings against the petitioners and to constitute a Special Investigating Team to investigate afresh the three FIRs along with the complaints filed by the petitioners.Advocate Joseph Vaz, appearing for the CBI, submitted that the investigation has been neither biased nor tainted nor unfair and that the investigating agency has taken into consideration all the aspects while filing the two chargesheets and the closure report.The investigation carried out by the CBI and the chargesheets filed by the agency are not liable to be quashed at this stage, Vaz argued.He held that, ordinarily, only further investigation can be ordered by a court and no reinvestigation, as sought by the petitioner.The division bench of Justice A P Lavande and Justice R P Sondurbaldota expressed its opinion that the mere fact that the FIR was not registered by the officer in charge of the police station would not render the investigation carried out by the CBI non-est or illegal.\"It is the case of the CBI that the investigation into the three FIRs and also the complaints of different persons mentioned in the notification of May 6, 2008 has been carried out by it. Therefore, in our view, non-registration of the FIR would not render the chargesheets filed in crime Nos. 57 and 58/2008 illegal,\" the court noted.The bench further held that the investigation carried out by the CBI cannot be termed as tainted or one-sided, so as to vitiate the chargesheets and the closure report filed by the agency.\"In our view, perusal of the materials placed on record by the petitioners do not establish any extraordinary or special circumstances to warrant a fresh investigation into the three crimes and also the complaints filed by different persons, including those of the petitioners,\" the bench held.It further noted that \"the complainants would be entitled to appear before the magistrate and satisfy the magistrate as to why the closure report should not be accepted\".Since the closure report has been filed by the CBI, the magistrate is entitled either to accept it or issue process against the accused against whom prima facie case is made out or order further investigation, the court held.It added, the magistrate can also supervise the conduct of the CBI investigation. Therefore the petitioners cannot be said to be without any remedy and they can very well point out to the learned magistrate that further investigation is warranted since the investigation carried out is unsatisfactory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872936", "title": "BMC may soon put up dog poop boxes", "text": "MUMBAI: You may no longer need to crinkle your nose at the sight of dog poop. For, the civic body is toying with the idea of putting up dog poop boxes across the city.Congress corporator Asif Zakaria made a suggestion to the civic standing committee to make a budgetary provision for dog poop boxes. \"We get several complaints from people about dog poop. Continuous repairs on roads and footpaths makes it difficult for people anyway. For people to avoid dog poop, it becomes even worse,\" said Zakaria.Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said the idea was good and could be considered. \"Dog poop boxes are there abroad. If this idea can be implemented in Mumbai, it will be a good thing for the city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873390", "title": "'Cops trying to force confession from me\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of the three-year-old girl raped and murdered in Cuffe Parade last week has alleged that the police is harassing them to force a confession from one of them.The victim's 42-year-old grandfather, James Fernandes, said the local police as well as crime branch had detained him repeatedly, beating him up and torturing him each time. The victim's mother, Suzan Fernandes, said the family would sit on dharna outside the police station to protest the constant harassment.\"I was called to the crime branch office in Crawford Market at 5 pm yesterday along with my brother. They beat me up severely and gave me electric shocks for over three hours. I could barely walk when let off. They told me they have given me a clean chit. But, today the Cuffe Parade police have called me. I am scared to go,\" said James. He was detained for almost 40 hours after the girl went missing but was released when the police found no evidence against him.A police officer involved in the probe denied torturing James but said he was a main suspect. \"He was named an accused in the murder of his wife two years ago and has a history of violence. He is out on bail in that case but his past record is murky. Also, the victim's father named James as a suspect, claiming he was an alcoholic and often raised his hand on the girl. No clean chit has been given and we are awaiting his DNA results,\" said the officer.But other family members countered the charges saying the police, desperate for a breakthrough, were trying to take an easy way out. \"Instead of trying to find the real culprit, they are trying to trap one of us. We have had such a huge tragedy and now we have to deal with constant abuse from the police. They have started targeting my uncles and families now,\" said Suzan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12875486", "title": "Motor vehicle inspector aspirant with a fake driving licence", "text": "PATNA: Bihar's transport department seems set to appoint as motor vehicle inspector (MVI) a job aspirant whose heavy motor vehicle driving license (DL), a must for appointment as MVI, has been found fake in an inquiry ordered by the Lokayukta in Jharkhand.On the order of the Lokayukta, Lohardaga DTO (district transport officer) Om Prakash Sah even lodged a forgery case under Sections 420, 406 and 34 of IPC in the Lohardaga Town police station on January 21, accusing Neelesh Kumar, a resident of Kashipur in Bihar's Samastipur district, of procuring a duplicate DL after reporting the loss of another DL which, incidentally, was never issued.While Lohardaga police are out to arrest him, Bihar Staff Selection Commission (BSSC) is learnt to have recommended Neelesh's name, among others, to the state transport department for their appointment as MVI. To be fair to the BSSC, it has also written to the government to verify the certificates and documents of the recommended candidates before making the appointments.The Lokayukta came to know about Neelesh's case in May 2011 when a Patna-based social activist Amar Kumar Singh petitioned different authorities, including the Lokayukta, demanding a probe into the issuance of duplicate DL to Neelesh.The Lokayukta ordered a vigilance probe into the matter. The probe report described the DL as \"fake\" and recommended suitable action against Neelesh and two then DTOs of Lohardaga.Sah told TOI over phone departmental proceedings had been initiated against his two predecessors during whose tenure the duplicate DL was issued. \"We have found the accusation against Neelesh true and a police team has been sent to Bihar to arrest him,\" said police officer V S Paswan, who is the IO (investigating officer) of the criminal case lodged in this connection by Sah.Meanwhile, Bihar transport commissioner Rahul Singh said on Wednesday he was not aware of the BSSC recommendations to his department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874334", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation plans to extend waiver scheme deadline", "text": "KOLKATA: With the waiver scheme generating a huge response, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) is planning to extend it beyond its current April 30 deadline.A whopping 1.03 lakh property tax defaulters have already paid their dues under the scheme that began on February 1 and the civic body has mopped up Rs 162 crore from these defaulters.Almost 90% of those, who availed the scheme, are middle class property owners with dues ranging between Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh. KMC assessment department sources said only three major defaulters, with outstanding property tax of more than Rs 1 crore, have cleared the dues since February 1.Municipal commissioner Arnab Roy has already asked KMC assessment department officials to prepare a list of major and habitual defaulters who have not responded to the waiver scheme. The department pegs the total outstanding at Rs 2,600 crore. Of this, Rs 900 crore is on the account of just 301 defaulters. \"They are habitual defaulters and we have failed to bring them under our tax net in the last 10 years. These major defaulters have not responded to two waiver schemes offered by the civic body in the past,\" a KMC assessment department official said.However, encouraged by the response from middle class defaulters, the civic top brass is contemplating extending the deadline to mop up more revenues. \"Right now, we have decided to keep eight treasuries across the city open on Sunday to offer taxpayers a last chance to avail the waiver. We may also have to decide on extending the deadline considering the response from taxpayers,\" said a KMC assessment department official.Department sources said the 2002 waiver scheme, offered by the Trinamool board, was introduced from July that year for six months, but eventually had to be extended till March 2003, as the civic body failed to rope in major and habitual defaulters.However, a section of KMC officials felt that an extension this time won't come easily. First, KMC needs to write to the state government for an extension and the proposal must be cleared by the cabinet, a civic official said. \"We have received a good amount of unpaid tax through the waiver scheme. We hope to get more in the remaining days,\" said mayor Sovan Chatterjee said.With middleclass property tax defaulters responding overwhelmingly for availing waiver on the interest or penalty payable on their arrears, Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) is contemplating extending the scheme beyond its current April 30 deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12874309", "title": "Ferry wharf inspections kick off in South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: A team of PWD officials, traffic police, river navigation department and the RTO on Wednesday embarked on a two-day inspection of ferry wharfs across the district, following orders in that regard issued by South Goa district magistrate N D Agarwal.The team inspected the ferry wharfs at Cortalim-Madkai, Rassaim-Durbhat, Rachol-Shiroda and Assolna-Cavelossim and conducted spot assessments of the areas. The inspection report will be submitted to the district collector by the agencies independently.On Thursday, the team will conduct a similar inspection of the Galjibaga-Mashem ferry wharf, sources said.The district magistrate, at a meeting chaired by him on April 23, had directed the PWD, river navigation department and the police to inspect sites and submit their reports to him by April 27 so as to file an affidavit in that regard before the high court of Bombay at Goa.The collector, at the meeting, had stressed the need to adopt certain measures like erecting crash barriers on the roads running parallel to the river front and speed breakers/gates at the ferry ramps to prevent any mishaps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875712", "title": "US diplomat moots investments by pharmaceutical, logistics firms in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Close to a year after the US government chose Nagpur as one of markets for its National Export Initiative, the city is being projected as a prospective destination for investment in logistics as well as pharmaceutical sectors. Based on inputs provided by local industrial players, the two sectors are being projected to the American companies as prospective investment avenues, said chief of political and economic affairs of the US consulate's western region, Robert Carlson who was on a visit to the city. This was his second visit after the campaign was launched. Carlson also visited the Mihan project and met the NMC commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal.Talking to newspersons at the sidelines of a meeting with representatives of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA), Carslon said the country has posted a record bilateral trade of 56 billion dollars with India, but has a trade deficit of 20 billion dollars due to low exports. In the current year there are plans to take it to 100 billion dollars with a focus on increasing exports to India.About the progress so far after the export promotion drive was started, he said consulate does not have the data as American companies normally strike deals with the Indian entities directly. However, he added that in the western region, Gujarat was considered more favourable destination due to an investor friendly climate.Nagpur lately is being projected as a destination for pharmaceutical industries after Lupin was allotted land in Mihan-SEZ. The proposed cargo hub can be ideal for shipping low volume, but high value goods like pharmaceuticals. \"Drugs can be viably transported through aircraft instead of ship, with the air cargo hub planned in Mihan, this sector can develop in Nagpur,\" he said. Carlson added that there have been inputs on getting more investment in cold storage chains in the area as well as a prospective market for security systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12874904", "title": "NGOs spew venom at CM over Mopa", "text": "MARGAO: NGOs from across the state under the banner of 'Village groups of Goa' (VGG) met in Margao Wednesday evening and took stock of the Mopa airport being proposed at \"breakneck speed\" by the Parrikar government .\"The said government which came to be formed with a near absolute mandate has many immediate issues at hand that need to be taken up such as the RP 2021, cleaning the administration, illegal mining, etc. What is Manohar Parrikar's interest in rushing this project when there are still other issues promised in the BJP manifesto, which are yet to be taken up?\" a press note by VGG sought to know.Demanding that the South Goa MLAs come clean over their stand on the issue, the VGG criticized Parrikar \"for trying to usurp land of the tribals for the use of Mopa airport by enticing them to give away their land at a higher compensation\". \"The NGOs wish to know whether Mopa is a priority for Parrikar when other serious issues are yet to be addressed,\" the press note signed by Jose Maria Miranda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872894", "title": "City bizman made winning bid at auction", "text": "MUMBAI: The raging debate over the \" loss of Gandhi memorabilia\" at an auction in London last week has come to a curious end. Even as the nation's leaders continue to agonize over the blow to national pride, it turns out that it was Mumbai businessman Kamal Morarka who quietly put in the April 17 bid through a private Indian collector. Collector Neville Tuli will inaugurate his proposed museum in New Delhi with this display.The set includes \"blades of grass and a pinch of soil\" stained with blood ostensibly taken from the site of the Mahatma's assassination. Morarka is believed to have paid 10,000 for this apart from 34,000 for a pair of spectacles, another 26,000 for a charkha and 10,500 pounds for a prayer book signed by Gandhiji.Curiously, despite the fact that for weeks, the imminent auction had raised the hackles of Indian MPs as well as Congress president Sonia Gandhi, neither Morarka nor collector Neville Tuli had announced that they would bid to restore \"national prestige\". In fact, Tuli released news of the win on April 23, six days after the auction. \"Well, Neville was in London so I asked him to bid for me and bring the objects back home to India,\" Morarka said. \"It is for the auction house to announce the winning bid, not me. In any case, Neville has already done so.\"Mahatma Gandhi's family has often questioned the authenticity of the memorabilia that surfaces at auctions every now and then, especially the blood-stained grass in this instance.Morarka admitted he could not be certain that the objects were genuine. \"I believe they are though. Gandhiji was a prolific writer and a generous man who often gave away his things. As for the bloodied grass, somebody would have to be really innovative to think up that one,\" Morarka laughed.Mahatma Gandhi's granddaughter Ushaben Gokani said, \"Bapu's belongings are sacred, sentimental things and I wonder what prompted the owner to sell these objects 64 years after his passing. It pains me because this does not suit well with our ethos and culture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12873864", "title": "First standing committee meeting pushed to May", "text": "NASHIK: The first meeting of the newly-constituted standing committee, which was scheduled for Thursday, has been cancelled due to the enforcement of the election code of conduct from Tuesday for the election for a seat in the legislative council from the Nashik local self-governing bodies and will now be held on May 25.With the election of the chairman of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC)'s standing committee, it was expected that the functioning of the civic body would continue regularly till the code of conduct for the elections for the legislative council was imposed. But with the code being imposed post midnight on Monday, the first meeting of the standing committee has been cancelled. The committee was scheduled to discuss the NMC budget for 2012-13.The newly-elected chairman of the standing committee, Uddhav Nimse, on Monday had announced that a meeting would be conducted on Thursday. Now, with the code of conduct in place, the meeting has been cancelled, he confirmed.A senior leader of the Congress party said, \"Important issues related to the NMC's financial condition had to be discussed, but with the elections of members of the standing committee and its chairman stretching longer than they should have, everything has been put on the backburner. Considering that the budget should have been presented to the general body before March 31 by the standing committee and by the general body by March 31, the standing committee should have been in place immediately after the mayoral elections. After that, a couple of meetings should have been conducted to discuss solutions for the body's financial crisis.\"A senior Shiv Sena leader said the budget and financial position of the budget needed to be discussed before the code of conduct for the legislative council was implemented.\"We had been reminding the mayor about the standing committee election from a long time, but it seems like the ruling alliance was waiting for the code of conduct to be announced,\" the party leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12875351", "title": "Toll on motorists for use of highways under HC scanner", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Acting on a PIL against charges for use of national and state highways from motorists at flat rates, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday put the Union government on notice, seeking its response on the matter.The PIL submitted that motorists were suffering financial losses due to the unfair policy of the government, because the commuters were not being charged fee for the actual length traveled.\"In other countries, the tolled roads are normally access controlled. Therefore, toll is charged on the basis of distance traveled by adopting the closed system with toll plaza at every entry and exit of the tolled road. In India, the tolling is generally under the open system, whereby fee payable is a fixed amount which is not on the basis of distance actually traveled,\" the PIL argued.Filed by local lawyer, Dinesh Chadha, the PIL also added that more and more toll collection centers are being set up at short distances, whereas the Act provides that the distance between two toll centres should be 60 kms, which is in consonance with rules framed under the National Highways Fee (Determination of Rates and Collection) Rules 2008.Notices to the Union government as well as the Punjab government were issued for May 3 by a division bench comprising acting chief justice M M Kumar and justice Alok Singh after hearing the PIL.Giving an example of Punjab, the petitioner submitted that in Punjab, the factual position is contrary to the mandatory provisions of the rules as there would now be seven toll plazas from Chandigarh to Pathankot (220 kms) and five toll tax barriers between Chandigarh and Jalandhar (151 kms). A journey from Amritsar to Jalandhar would see two toll tax barriers, whereas the total distance between the two cities is not more than 80 kms. There would be three barriers between Anandpur Sahib and Chandigarh.It was further argued that there are a number of toll plazas within the state of Punjab and Haryana, which has been established within the local limits of the municipal area of a town, which is strictly prohibited by the Act and the rules framed under it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12873984", "title": "Ram Chowk infant to be sent to adoption centre after recovery", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration is waiting for the complete recovery of the abandoned new-born baby girl, who was rescued from Ram Chowk last week. Deputy commissioner, P C Meena, said that the baby is currently admitted at PGIMS, Rohtak and as per the rules, she would be shifted to the state adoption centre once she recovers. A decision in this regard was taken during a meeting of the child welfare committee on Wednesday. The infant was discovered abandoned in a dustbin last Wednesday and was found to be born premature, with bruise marks all over her body.Besides this, other aspects related to children's issues were also discussed during the meeting. The DC informed that the administration has written to the State Child Welfare Council for starting Children Observation Home in Gurgaon. This will be an added facility for the district. Land is available for this purpose with Bal Bhawan, said Meena.The DC has asked various departments to coordinate while dealing with children-related cases. Sources said that the meeting was attended by the officers from the labour department, Civil Hospital, district attorney, district child protection officer (DCPO), district child welfare officer, district social welfare officer and the police department. Another meeting of the department concerned will be held in a week's time, informed Jyoti Duhan, district child protection officer.Meanwhile, sources said that search was on for the employer of the 16-year-old domestic help in Sushant Lok who was allegedly abused by a driver, employed in the same locality.The minor was rescued from her employer's flat on April 19 while the latter is still at large, said Duhan. She added that she had written to the residents' welfare association about this particular society to immediately inform them about the employer's presence to the department. The DCPO has also sought directions from the labour department over the monetary penalty to be imposed on the employer which is to be given to the victim and the other terms of punishment.The victim, a resident of Punjab, was rescued after a neighbour registered a complaint with the helpline, Childline, and said that the maid was being sexually abused by a car driver working in the neighbourhhood.The police had arrested one Sandeep (25), a resident of Kanhai village and a car driver, for the crime and registered an FIR under Section 376 (punishment for rape) of IPC.Another FIR was also registered against the maid's employer, Nancy Kheda, teacher with a Delhi school under Section 374 (unlawful compulsory labour) of IPC and section 26 (exploitation of juvenile or child employee) of Juvenile Justice Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12874789", "title": "Dialysis centre for poor in city", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation plans to set up a state-of-the-art dialysis centre. Seeking the permission of the house, mayor V V Rajan Chellappa told councillors that the centre has become necessary since the total population of the city has increased to 15.61 lakh, and 5-10% of them suffer from renal problems, needing dialysis facilities. \"We have found that dialysis facilities are not available for poor patients at affordable prices in the city. Hence, we have decided to set up a dialysis facility to service poor people,\" he said.The facility with five dialysis machines will be set up in the Zone 4 office building of the corporation, in which medical staff and others will be appointed. Discussing the resolution, a few councillors expressed that the facilities should be affordable for the poor and the corporation should evolve a system to provide dialysis free-of-cost to the very poor. Another health need discussed during the meeting was to set up blood storage units at maternity homes, as many units of blood were required during emergencies.The corporation has decided to set up blood storage units at maternity homes of K Pudur and Mahaboobpalayam. After the discussion in the house, the council passed both resolutions. City health officer, V Subramanian said they were working on the proposals. \"The dialysis centre and the blood storage units will be established in a very short period of time,\" he said.Health officials from the corporation said the blood storage units will come up shortly, while it may take two to three months to set up the dialysis centre. Poor people would be able to afford the services at the dialysis centre, one of the health department officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12877841", "title": "Kochadaiyaan did not shoot at Mohanlal\u2019s studio", "text": "The filming of Rajnikanth-starrer Kochadaiyaan was canned in Accel Animation Studios in Trivandrum, and not at Mohanlal's Vismaya studios as has been reported in some sections of the media.Apart from the filming, the state-of-the-art studio was also used for the post-production of the 3D motion capture flick.The animation studio, which is only such facility in for motion capture in India, had 32 cameras capturing the actor's motion and facial expressions which were digitally processed and mapped to computer generated animation models.The cast and crew, including Rajinikanth and Deepika Padukone , filmed for four days in April, shooting the few scenes that they were unable to during their schedule in London. The onus is now on technical crew to finish the post production in time for its scheduled September release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "12874697", "title": "Gramathana sites: Court stays ban on registration", "text": "BANGALORE : In a big relief tothose aspiring to buy sites in the periphery of Bangalore the Karnataka high court on Wednesday stayed the government circular banning registration of 'Gramathana sites' in three districts abutting thecity.(Gramathana sites come under village panchayat limits.)The circular was issued to the effect on April 3, 2012. A high court vacation division bench headed by Justice Huluvadi G Ramesh pas-sed the order on a PIL filed H Hemanth Kumar and others.The state government had issued a directive to the district registrars and sub-registr-ars asking them not to register any Gramathana sites in Bangalore Urban Bangalore Rural and Ramanagaram districts.The petitioners have claimed that restricting such a circular to three districts smacks of selective action. They have stated that the circular is affecting thousands of people who want to have a shelter of their own a right guaranteed under the Constitution apart from hitting those who want to sell/buy properties.They have complained that the circular suffers on the jurisdictional side as it seeks to overrule the Indian Registration Act, Karnataka Town and Country Planning Act and Transfer of Properties Act, all central legislations and beyond the powers of the state.The state authorities had issued a directive to the district registrars /sub-registrars asking them not to register those sites which are agricultural which are green belt and which have norequisite permission from the competent authorities for forming a layout so as to prevent registration of such Gramathana sites by using bogus /fake records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875480", "title": "Man kills former aide for teasing his wife", "text": "NAGPUR: A 25-year-old youth was stoned to death by his former aide for allegedly teasing his wife. The murder accused, Sunil Gawale, told the cops that the deceased, Shravan Kumar Darwai, had planned to kill him and hence in a bid to save himself he hit Darwai with a stone.The murder took place on Adivasi Prakash road in Chikhli on Tuesday night.Gawale, a driver, had got married just a year ago. Sources said that Darwai and Gawale wives hail from Multai in Chhindwara and knew each other since many years. Police sources said that before Gawale's marriage, Darwai had approached the girl for a physical relationship.\"Later, Darwai had himself approached Gawale with a marriage proposal from the girl. However, despite their marriage being solemnized, he continued a relationship with the girl,\" said police sources.Darwai was staying near Ajni railway quarters since last five years. Kalamna police, who are investigating the case, said that Darwai was initially working as a conductor with Gawale, but since last few months he was working as a driver with the same transport company as Gawale.Police said differences between Gawale and Darwai, once very good friends , started when Gawale noticed Darwai teasing his wife. \"A fortnight ago, Gawale had seen Darwai teasing his wife while she was walking with her friend. Darwai was passing by on his cycle near Kalamna and had allegedly touched her shoulder and passed abusive comments,\" said police.Gawale told the cops that Darwai had started visiting his house frequently in his absence. \"Gawale then restricted Darwai's entry into his house. This resulted in many arguments between them, and they had also fought each other,\" said the police.On Tuesday evening, Darwai had liquor with his friends, Bhimrao Panse and one Vasant, at a bar in Ajni and then called Gawale to Adivasi Prakash road. \"All four were involved in a brawl that ended with Darwai hitting Gawale on the head with a huge stone,\" said police.Cops said that Panse and Darwai also had a financial dispute with Gawale. Panse, who has been arrested, told the cops that while having liquor together, Darwai had outlined a plan to go to Gawale's house and steal his vehicle.However, Gawale claimed that Darwai and the others had planned to kill him, so that Darwai could continue his relationship with his wife. Kalamna police are still interrogating the accused.Gawale was arrested from Cotton Market while he was heading to Ganeshpeth bus stop with his wife, who is six months pregnant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12875769", "title": "T20 match at Mohali: Full-on excitement", "text": "MOHALI: Edge-of-the-seat excitement, a bevy of cricketing stars and a flurry of fours and sixes is what people come to watch a T20 match. Wednesday was one such day, when Tricity residents had a whale of a time soaking in the IPL fever at Punjab Cricket Association (PCA) Stadium, Mohali.Fresh from his 39th birthday celebrations, Sachin Tendulkar , the 'God' of cricket was himself there to preside over the proceedings and walked away smiling after ensuring his will prevailed over one and all. His legions were more than happy to gift him an apt birthday gift, even if that meant a heartbreaking loss to the home team Punjab.The Tricity crowds may have waved red flags, may have chanted \"Mumbai Haregi\" like a refrain, but heart in heart everyone knew that it would have been grossly inappropriate if Sachin went with a tinge of sadness. And that's what happened in the end.\"Wins and losses are all part of the game. We all wanted Punjab to win, but that did not happen. But we had our fill of entertainment. To see Sachin play in front of us, what else could have we asked for,\" said Ashwani Dhiman, a spectator in the Terrace Block.Sachin's victory may have come at home team's expense, both teams made sure everybody went home with happy memories. First it was David Hussey's whirlwind knock, and then came Sachin to change the course of the game. But it was Mumbai's Robin Peterson and Ambati Rayudu's firework that lit up the day in the stadium.\"Punjab beat Mumbai in Wankhede and Mumbai beat Punjab at Mohali. Scores are settled,\" Ankit Thakur summed up the mood inside the stadium.The summer sun did ramp up the heat in the beginning, but cheer girls with their sensuous moves and smiling faces, provided the much-needed distraction. To break the monotony of cricket popular chartbusters electrified the atmosphere. Preity Zinta may not have been there to lend fizz to the team but there was no dearth of pretty faces. \"IPL is all about fun, frolic and cheery faces. Our team has many more matches to play. Hopefully we will win the next matches,\" Nanda Kumar, a spectator, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873691", "title": "\u2018Kidnapping OK in war-like situation\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the Chhattisgarh government getting ready to formally begin its negotiation from Thursday to get abducted Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon released, B D Sharma - one of the Maoist handpicked negotiators - on Wednesday said that he did not condemn the abduction which, he claimed, had happened in a \"war-like\" situation.Setting the tone for the grueling task ahead, Sharma, a retired IAS officer and former commissioner of the National Commission for SC/ST, said it was important to note that the Maoists were not begging for some favours.On Thursday, Sharma will be flown to Raipur, where he will first contact the other Maoist-nominated interlocutor, G Hargopal, before meeting the two Chhattisgarh government-nominated mediators - former chief secretaries of Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh, Nirmala Buch and S K Mishra. The stand taken by Sharma, while addressing a press conference here a day before the negotiation begins, was in sync with what the Maoists' professed justification of their violence. It was an indication that the retired IAS officer, who had also served as collector in Bastar, might be sending a 'right' signal to the ultras.Though Sharma tried to evade questions on killing of innocents by Maoists, he said all such things happened in a \"war-like\" situation that must be corrected taking in view the 'violence' committed by the other side (security forces) against tribals.He said the collector's abduction had already become an issue of \"deep concern from countless perception\". Though he refused to condemn the abduction of Menon, he held that the abduction of two Italians in Odisha was not right. \"I did condemn the abduction of foreigners. After all, foreigners are not harming tribals and villagers who are actually a victim of existing system (government),\" he said.Stating that the Maoists were not begging for favours, he said, \"They (the Maoists) were of the opinion that hundreds of fake cases had been forced on innocent tribals who are unaware of them. They are being held in jails of Dantewada and Raipur without knowing what it was all about. They also have demanded that cases registered against an elderly journalist and Binayak Sen should be withdrawn.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "12874039", "title": "ONGC to start exploration abroad", "text": "AGARTALA: ONGC chairman-cum-managing director Sudhir Basudeva on Tuesday said that the oild company will soon start exploration of oil and gas in foreign countries. Basudva made the disclosure at the annual general meeting of the ONGC Tripura Power Company Ltd (OTPC) here on Tuesday, which was also attended by the company's six directors.OTPC is set to start generating 726 MW capacity thermal power for commercial purposes at the Palatana plant in South Tripura. Basudeva, however, pointed out that the Indian basin has become limited for ONGC and that prompted them to go for acquisition of new exploratory areas in South China Sea and ONGC-Videsh was selected after an international bid.ONGC expects to find 60 lakh cubic meter of gas in Tripura to ensure the setting up of a Rs 5,000 crore fertilizer manufacturing unit at Khobal point in Panisagar of North Tripura, Basudeva stated. He also informed that at least six big investors had expressed interest in investing in the project. At present, ONGC produces 20 lakh cubic meter gas in Tripura and the company will initiate massive exploration drive in the state to reach the target. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875715", "title": "4 chief conservators of forests, 6 divisional forest officers transferred", "text": "NAGPUR: The season of transfers and postings has started in the forest department. In a minor reshuffle, six divisional forest officers (DFOs) and four chief conservators of forests (CCFs) were shifted on Wednesday evening.Sources told TOI, among the 4 CCFs, A K Mishra, field director of Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR), has been shifted to Nagpur as CCF (planning &amp; management) in PCCF (wildlife) office. He will replace A R Mande, who has been posted as CCF (tendu). Mishra will be replaced by K P Singh, who was with Working Plan, Thane. B R Khaire, who was in Mantralaya, has been posted in place of Singh at Thane.Among the 6 DFOs, D B Shrikhande, who was working in Pandharkawda division in Yavatmal Circle, has been shifted to social forestry department (SFD) as deputy director, Bhandara. Shrikhande will be replaced by A P Girhepuje, who was DFO in PCCF (wildlife) office.Similarly, Suresh Allurwar, DFO (planning), Nagpur Circle, has been shifted to Pusad. G S Balki, who was in Pusad, has been posted to Washim in social forestry department. Besides, G P Narawne, a probationer, has been posted at Dahanu. P G Rahurkar, who was DFO (planning) at Dhule, has been shifted to Yaval division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12874462", "title": "Vacation Bible School heads for a summer camp appeal cleared/edited/zoya", "text": "KOCHI: Forget the lessons in Ten Commandments in a small church room or the preaching of the Christian way of living.The vacation classes in Bible studies seem to be undergoing a metamorphosis to lure children addicted to barbies and Harry Potter. In fact, for a good number of churches it is an yearly challenge to bring in a syllabus that doesn't look alien in the modern day children's world.So, in comes personality development experts, artists and musicians to make this traditional Bible class a new-age summer camp.The Vacation Bible School (VBS), which was first introduced in Kerala in the early 1950s by CSI missionaries, has been adopted by the CSI, Mar Thoma and Jacobite Church as the system to teach children Christianity's basic lessons. But, over the years the curriculum changed to meet the demands of Gen-Y. In fact, VBS run by Jacobite churches are now attended by children from other religions as well.\"It is not just Bible stories that are taught in these classes. We cover general knowledge, mathematics, music and painting.Last year, the church officially sanctioned admission of children belonging to other religions as we focus on the psycho-social development of children,\" says Fr Varghese Kallappara, spokesperson of the Jacobite Syrian Church.While the Catholic Church mainly focuses on catechism classes and preparatory classes for first communion during the summer holidays, the Orthodox Church has gone ahead with its own system - the Orthodox Vacation Bible School. Some churches have also tied up with Christian organizations to increase the appeal of the week-long course instead of limiting it to a church programme.St Francis CSI Chruch in Fort Kochi, for instance, has tied up with YMCA to offer ecumenical classes to children from the community. The church has been finding it difficult to lure children away from the charm of hundreds of summer camps in the city.\"We ask parents to send their children to the classes. Even though it is for one week we find it difficult to get children enrolled,\" says Eipe Varghese, secretary of the church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12874450", "title": "Corporation to fight waste menace with enzymes", "text": "KOCHI: In yet another attempt to solve garbage menace in the city, the corporation launched a project called Sanctify Cochin. The project involves a series of tests, which would be conducted in the next 22 days using enzyme technology.The technology would help speed up decomposition of bio-degradable waste to produce electricity. The local body also plans to clean up contaminated canals in the city with the help of this technology.On Wednesday, experts from Caringfornature.com, a UK-based company, carried out an odour elimination test using enzymes - a natural concentrate of minerals and nutrients-rich plant extracts produced with a controlled fermentation process.\"The company has patented formulation of enzyme technology and has successfully used it in waste treatment and pollution control projects across the world. It has been used in many places in India also,\" says health standing committee chairman T K Asharaf. Around six tonnes of waste was brought to the corporation-owned site at Padiyathkulam. The waste was spread on the ground and the proportionate level of enzyme was sprayed on it. \"As the enzyme starts functioning, the pungent smell starts to subside. Enzymes are not harmful to human beings, and workers can use them without using any protective gloves,\" said Steve John, an expert on waste management.A team consisting of 10 members representing the corporation, health department and citizens recorded the severity of odour before and after trial. The waste will be left for three days and tested daily to prove that the pungent smell does not recur.Mayor Tony Chammany said if the project proved to be a success, it would be a breakthrough. It would help solve the issue of bad odour emanating from Brahmapuram and other landfill sites in andaround the city. The project is being carried out with support from G K International, Kochi, and the Confederation of Indian Industries.Cleaning market canal: As part of implementing the budget proposals, tCorporation will launch a project to clean the Ernakulam market canal on Thursday. Mayor Tony Chammany will inaugurate the cleaning efforts carried out with technical assistance from Caringfornature and financial assistance from CII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12875022", "title": "Panel to probe status of plots purchased by realty firm", "text": "BOKARO: The district administration has formed a committee to inquire into the status of lands purchased by Smart Homes, a land developer firm.Deputy commissioner Sunil Kumar has constituted a three-member team comprising Chas SDM Sanjay Singh, LRDC Sundeep Kumar and Chas circle officer Nirmal Toppo to verify the status of lands purchased by the firm at three sites situated at Bhandro of Kurra Panchayat under Chas Block, Bandhdih area of Jaina Moad and Bandhadih at Chas-Telgadia road of the district.The direction of the DC came after an FIR has been lodged against a builder Sanjeevini Buildicon Private Limited in Ranchi allegedly for collecting huge money from people on the pretext of selling land and flats. Smart Homes director P P Lala was also associated with Sanjeevini. The DC has received information that the firm was selling government lands here.The inquiry team will probe all the land of Smart Homes and will submit report to the DC. Kumar said inquiry was on to check the land dealings done by Smart Homes. \"Strict legal action will be taken if Smart Homes will be found guilty,\" he said.Sources said the Smart Homes was selling lands allegedly after acquiring \"gaur mazurka\" land along with \"royalty\" lands in Chandra area. \"It was found that lands are purchased in the name of officials and employees of Smart Homes. Lela neither uses to purchase lands in his name or in name of Smart Homes,\" a source said.Another director of Smart Homes, Rajneesh Kumar Kasha, said they were developer not builders. They purchased lands and later sold them after developing it with boundary walls and plots. \"We are genuine developers. The company has never cheated anyone after descending in Bokhara on October 2010. There are 500 customers attached to us and all are satisfied with our dealings. The projects in Chandra and other areas have come up purely on royalty lands not in government lands,\" said Kasha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12874001", "title": "Ban on prenatal sex tests may be the root cause", "text": "ROHTAK: The spate in the cases of abandoning of newborn girl children in Haryana points to an outrageous trend among parents who wish to get rid of their female offspring. It seems to be due to the strict measures taken by the state authorities to check pre-natal sex determination and female foeticide.Three newborn babies have been recovered within a week in Bhiwani, Gurgaon, and Rewari districts. These incidents show that parents obsessed with having a male child resort to abandoning their newborn babies as they are left with no other way to get rid of the girl child during pregnancy.The crackdown by the health authorities across the state on the ultrasound centres has made unscrupulous elements to close down their nefarious activities of illegally determining the sex of the foetus and sort to abortion, claimed authorities.After Bhiwani and Gurgaon, another newborn baby was found in the bushes adjoining a bus stand in Dharuhera town, Rewari district, on Monday night. The girl was wrapped in a piece of cloth and was spotted by a passerby. Dr Ajit Singh, a medical officer who is attending to the newborn said that the girl was in a critical condition but was responding to the treatment. \"She has suffered some injuries caused by barbs. The girl is very weak and has been put on incubator,\" said Singh.Expressing concern, Jaswanti, who runs a shelter home for destitute women and also operates a child helpline in Rohtak, stated that the bias against the girl child has resulted in bizarre ways of getting rid of them. \"The growing incidents of recovery of abandoned newborn babies, definitely points to an outrageous trend in the wake of the strict ban on gender tests,\" she said.Jaswanti also said that in such a scenario, it would be difficult for the authorities to locate the parents and rehabilitate the child. \"Social organizations and the government will have to come up with another solution, like putting cradles outside the shelter homes where such mothers or parents could leave them instead of throwing them away as a feed to the animals,\" said Jaswanti.Dr Bharat Singh, a civil surgeon in Jhajjar, which had ranked lowest in the table of districts with skewed sex ratio in the country (774 girls per 1,000 boys) in the 2011 Census report, said that it was difficult to corelate the incidents of abandoned newborns with the tight measures against sex determination.Dr Singh claimed that the sex determination tests and illegal abortion had been successfully stopped in the district after several measures including installing active tracker software at the ultrasound entres. He said such sporadic incidents have been occurring for many years but if they recur, it would be really worrisome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874433", "title": "Left sees red in youth library renaming move", "text": "KOLKATA: Left Front chairman Biman Bose on Wednesday criticized the government's move to rename Dinesh Majumdar State Youth Library at Moulali Yuva Kendra as Vivek Library.The 29-year-old library is being renamed to pay tribute to Swami Vivekananda on his 150th birth anniversary. Bose wondered whether it is actually a tribute or an insult to Swami Vivekananda.\"The government should realize it isn't always its job to change names. In doing so, it is only showing its mindset. This government believes in political vendetta. It had earlier changed the name of Jyoti Basu Nagar (Rajarhat) and then drew flak by trying to rename Indira Bhawan. Jyoti Basu stayed in Indira Bhawan for long, but none (from the Left Front government) felt any need to change the name. We all know why it was called Indira Bhawan. By renaming it after Nazrul Islam, did they actually honour the poet?\"The issue cropped up on Tuesday, after the youth services department minister Aroop Biswas placed his department's budget. On page 13, under the head 'New Initiatives', it is written that the Dinesh Majumdar State Youth Library will be renamed as Vivek Library to pay tribute to Swami Vivekananda.\"In order to cater to the demand and necessity of the students and youths, this library will be transformed into a text and reference book library, where a rich collection of text books for the students of class XI to post graduation will be available. The students will have free reading room facilities too. Moreover, six computers with Internet will be installed at the reading room of the library,\" it read.It may be noted that Dinesh Majumdar, a former CPM MLA, had been a firebrand youth leader of the party. He his remembered for his work towards eradicating unemployment also led to March 28 being declared as an anti-employment day in West Bengal. He was the DYFI's (CPM's youth wing) founder president when it was formed in 1968 and former CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee was the general secretary. Majumdar, who died in 1980, was honoured by the Jyoti Basu-led government who chose to name the state youth library after him when it was inaugurated in February 16, 1983. He was elected to the assembly from Jadavpur in 1977 and became the government chief whip.The government has also asked all private organizations to vacate the 4,000-square feet space in the Yuva Kendra, given to them on rent, to create more seats in the youth hostel.Recently, the issue of renaming Indira Bhawan had ruffled feathers with the Congress ministers taking to the streets to protest the move. Mamata, however, claimed she had never suggested a name change, and said that Indira Bhawan would house a research academy dedicated to Nazrul Islam's life and works. Congress has since supported her gesture.During CPM's tenure, former housing minister and Hidco chairman Gautam Deb had announced that Rajarhat-New Town would be named Jyoti Basu Nagar. No formal notification was, however, made.The new government till now had mentioned it as Rajarhat-New Town in all official communications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12873793", "title": "Homebuyers move apex court", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: In a last-ditch attempt, homebuyers of Noida Extension approached the Supreme Court seeking an opportunity to be heard before the court delivers a verdict on the petition filed by farmers of Bisrakh village. On Wednesday, Noida Extension Flat Buyers' Welfare Association (NEFBWA) filed a petition to be included as a party in the case involving Bisrakh farmers who have not accepted hiked compensation from Greater Noida Authority and demanded their land back. The case is slated to be heard on Friday.Thousands of homebuyers have invested money in booking housing units in the 15-odd residential projects in Sector 1 of Greater Noida, carved out by Greater Noida Authority from 608 hectares of land acquired from Bisrakh village. A portion of this land also comes under Sector 3 of Greater Noida. \"Our investments would be jeopardized if land is taken away and the housing projects are scrapped,\" said G L Sagar, secretary of NEFBWA. \"Many homebuyers were left in the lurch when land acquisition was quashed in Shahberi and Patwadi villages last year. We have urged the Supreme Court to consider the interests of homebuyers before taking a decision in the case,\" he added.Amit Khurana, who has booked a 2 BHK flat in Panchsheel Hynish, said, \"We would not like our homes to get mired in another round of legal hassles. A judgement quashing land acquisition would have a ripple effect on the entire region. Construction work, which has been stalled for almost a year now, should begin immediately after the clearance of the Master Plan by NCR Planning Board (NCRPB),\" added Khurana.Homebuyers have filed two separate petitions in the Allahabad high court urging it to set a timeframe for NCRPB to give its nod to the Master Plan at the earliest, so that construction can resume.Sources in Greater Noida Authority, which has also invested a sizeable amount of taxpayers' money in the Noida Extension region, however, say that the primary issue still remains that of land acquisition. \"The regional planning cell of Uttar Pradesh is working upon the few modifications suggested in Master Plan 2021 and would submit it very soon to NCRPB,\" said an official of Greater Noida Authority. \"The plan will be cleared sooner or later. But the fate of projects hinges on the verdict of the apex court, given the fact that developmental works have already reached an advanced stage in Noida Extension,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12873557", "title": "Five held for killing history sheeter", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore City Police on Wednesday nabbed five persons in connection with the murder of history sheeter Guruprasad alias Guru, 33. A group of about five to six persons had hacked Guru, a murder accused and resident of TT Road here, to death on Bibi Alabi Road in broad day light. Police had described Guru's slaying as an act of revenge killing for the murder of Manju. Both Manju and Guru were friends earlier.The arrested are Shailesh Ganiga, 22, of Devinagar, Talapady, Prasad alias Pachchu, 21, of Shivajinagar, Mogaveerapatna, Ullal, Rakesh Moily alias Chippu, 23, of Kodikal, Charan Raj alias Charan, 25 of Preethnagar, near Ramakrishna Mandir, Kumpala, and Prasad Ullalbail alias Pachu, 26, of Ullalbail, Ullal, City police chief Seemant Kumar Singh said all the arrested were known associates of Manju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12875590", "title": "Criminals in guise of vendors operate from railway station?", "text": "KANPUR: The latest incident of dacoity, which took place on the running Sampark Kranti Express on Tuesday morning near Kalwa railway station (between Ghaziabad and Aligarh), has sparked fresh controversy over the security of passengers travelling on the trains. It has also put a question mark on efficiency of the Railway Protection Force (RPF) which is meant to provide security to the passengers.Though such incidents of loot and attacks are carried out by organised gangs, but sources in RPF inform that some dacoits may even function in the garb of illegal vendors. Even those who were earlier pick-pockeeters or suitcase-lifters, and who had graduated into hardcore criminals, also often join such gangs. \"From lifting suitcases, they graduated to bigger crimes which include selling of narcotics and looting passengers,\" said the source.The Kanpur Central railway station is notorious for almost every illegal activity, as being reported from time to time. Hundreds of illegal vendors remain active at the Kanpur Central everyday without being checked by the RPF. But, whenever a crime takes place, they are promptly arrested. On Wednesday, around 12 illegal vendors were arrested by the RPF.Retired RPF personnel on condition of anonymity told TOI that the illegal vendors even grease the palm of men-in-uniform for setting up their makeshift stalls on the platforms. \"It is never verified whether a particular vendor has a criminal record or not,\" he pointed out. This way, the thugs also get well aware of the route of the train, where the train will slow down and its stoppages. It is on the basis of this important information that they strike passengers mainly travelling on the general coach.On the Sampark Kranti Express on Tuesday, the robbers were travelling as passengers. The passengers were angry that none of the RPF personnel on board the train or the railway staff came to their rescue when the attack and loot took place.A circle officer rank official of the Government Railway Police (GRP), on condition of anonymity, informed: \"Illegal vendors are arrested by RPF. But, if they have turned into criminals and have a criminal record, they are under our jurisdiction.\"It is important to mention here that the illegal vendors are active on trains plying between Kanpur and other destinations. They sell almost everything from stationery items to handkerchiefs, from food items to mineral water bottles and so on. Such vendors also thrive on the Kanpur-Lucknow-bound Memu trains. But, on realistic grounds, a 72-km journey which is covered between the two stations in just 90 minutes does not require the services of a vendor. It is because of this reason that the railway authorities have not attached authorised vendors to such short distance trains.It will also be important to mention here that there is no provision of RPF squad to escort the local trains. This is also one of the reasons why this illegal trade goes unchecked. If caught by the RPF and the GRP, the unauthorised vendor is fined a maximum amount of Rs 2,000 and later set free with a warning. RPF cops make these vendors fearless.CP Singh, inspector, GRP said the RPF had arrested illegal vendors. \"We would co-ordinate with them in curbing criminal activities on the railway station premises. The drive will continue in the coming days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874060", "title": "Fake kahaani to embrace motherhood!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vidya Balan's prosthetic baby bump in the film 'Kahaani' lent a twist to its climax. But in real life, prosthetic bellies are often used by childless women who trust surrogate mothers to give birth to their babies but want their families to believe otherwise.Many women from traditional communities can't tell their in-laws and extended families that they have employed a surrogate and instead walk around with strap-ons for nine months to simulate a pregnant stomach.In an extreme case, a gynecologist couple chose to have an incision on the stomach of the wife with sutures so that it looked like a caesarean section. An artificial stomach would not have worked in their case as there were many doctors in the family who are more difficult to deceive.Surrogacy expert from Anand Dr Naina Patel says an IIT-graduate couple from Chennai opted for an artificial stomach as the woman wanted to avoid the disapproval of her in-laws. \"She did not have a uterus and her in-laws would never have accepted that the child was born through another's woman's womb,\" says Patel.Hema Inamdar, a soft toy maker, specializes in fake tummies. \"A woman called from the UK saying she felt she was actually carrying a baby when she wore the tummy,\" says Inamdar. One can get artificial stomachs in sets of three. The first set simulates three, five and seven months pregnancy. The other set simulates five, seven and nine months, with one set costing roughly Rs 1,000.Fertility expert Dr Falguni Bavishi says NRI women too succumb to familial pressure. \"A Gujarati woman in the US took artificial tummies with her after employing a surrogate, so that her in-laws would believe she was pregnant. She told them that she had to deliver the baby where the IVF treatment was done, got the baby from the surrogate and went back, her secret intact,\" says Dr Bavishi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12876475", "title": "Odisha MLA Jhina Hikaka released by Maoists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After being in Maoists' captivity for over a month, Odisha BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka has been released on Thursday morning.According to TV reports, Jhina Hikaka was released at an undisclosed loaction.The decision to free Hikaka was taken at the people's court on Tuesday after he gave an undertaking that he will resign from the state assembly and also try and get the Maoists' demands fulfilled.Hikaka was abducted from Koraput district on March 23.Maoists from the Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee had kidnapped Hikaka from his constituency Laxmipur while he was returning home.The indication of an end to the crisis came on Wednesday morning when a Maoist identifying herself as Aruna called a Koraput lawyer, and spoke of the release terms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore/hubli", "code": "12873542", "title": "Narayanpur, Almatti water will revive Raichur Thermal Power Station units", "text": "BANGALORE/HUBLI: Having failed to anticipate the cascading effect of drought on power, the state government's delay in stopping farmers from lifting water from the Krishna basin resulted in erratic power supply to districts across Karnataka.The situation has still not stabilized, as four units of the Raichur Thermal Power Station (RTPS), which supplies power to districts outside Bangalore, will return to normal only around the weekend. The units stopped functioning due to shortage of water in the Krishna river, the source for the plant.On Tuesday night, a fifth unit of the RTPS stopped functioning.\"Police will continue to keep a check to ensure farmers don't draw water directly from the river bed,'' Yadgir SP D Roopa said. The four units stopped functioning on Monday, due to shortage of water in the Krishna river.Back In Action Today\"We will restore four units on Thursday, as the first quota of 1,000 cusecs of water released from Narayanapur reservoir has reached the plant,'' energy minister Shobha Karandlaje told reporters after inspecting the plant in Raichur.Parts of Karnataka had plunged into darkness, following the shutdown of five units of RTPS, which triggered an acute shortage of 1000 mega watt (MW) of electricity.Meanwhile, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda directed the authorities at Almatti reservoir to release 5,000 cusecs of water, in addition to the 1,000 cusecs released from Narayanpur reservoir on Tuesday to mitigate the crisis at RTPS.\"We have decided to release 6,000 cusecs of water to ensure the RTPS units function for the next two months,'' Gowda said.He told reporters in Raichur on Wednesday that water had already been released from the Narayanpur reservoir. \"We will also arrange to provide water to RTPS till May 31, if the state does not receive rain in the next few days. Around 2tmcft will be released from Koyna dam within two days,\" he said.On a daily basis, RTPS needs about 2 lakh cubic meters of water to run all eight units smoothly. \"If 6,000 cusecs released from Almatti and Narayanpur reach the RTPS plant, it is sufficient for us to generate power for about 2-3 months,\" a senior RTPS official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874505", "title": "Deceased upset with family feuds", "text": "JAIPUR: A software engineer committed suicide in the city on Wednesday. \"Prima facie, it appears that he was upset after he got to know that the engagement was called off by the girl's family,\" an officer with Shyam Nagar police station said on Wednesday.Police have recovered a suicide note from the scene. In the note, Mahesh did not give any reason for taking this extreme step but said he was sorry for doing so. His parents, who had been called from Kota, said he was upset after the engagement broke off.Meanwhile, a 58-year-old man hanged himself from the ceiling at his residence in Sanganer area on Tuesday evening. The deceased, Bhanwar Lal, was unhappy with the regular family feuds at his house. On Tuesday, the family members found him missing for a long time, and went to his bedroom. On finding it bolted from inside, they informed the police. A team of officers broke open the door to find him hanging from the ceiling fan. \"It seems he was upset with the family feuds which pushed him to commit suicide,\" an officer with Sanganer police station said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12875552", "title": "Metro crane topples over", "text": "Acrane on Wednesday toppled at a Metro rail site near Sarvodaya Hospital, Ghatkopar, with the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority threatening action against the contractor.Officials said that no one was injured in the freak mishap, which occurred when the crane tilted, leading to the boom touching a nearby building at 5. 30 am. MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana said they would initiate action against Simplex, which has seen mishaps at its projects in the city over the last few years. Asthana pointed out that Simplex had been fined Rs 5 lakh for a pothole on the Lalbaug flyover last year. Mumbai Metro One officials said the accident was rectified within a few hours and work resumed in the evening.Our safety committee has begun investigations into the accident, they said. MMOne is building the Metro line from Versova to Ghatkopar The metro and monorail projects have seen several accidents, which have taken a few lives, over six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12877922", "title": "Soni Razdan to make a film on Nanavati murder case", "text": "After Nazar,Soni Razdan pens her next directorial venture based on the infamous murderUndaunted, Razdan is back. This time with a film based on the Nanavati murder case. To be produced by Pooja Bhatt's Fisheye Network and Dino Morea's Clockwork Films, the film will soon go on floors.The KM Nanavati vs The State of Maharashtra case falls in the category of killing for love. Much before Emile Jerome, who killed his girlfriend Maria Susairaj's 'lover' a naval officer, KM Nanavati, in the year 1959 was tried for the murder of Prem Ahuja, his wife's lover.Needless to say, this was a case that drew a lot of media attention. Books and even movies were inspired by it. Initially, Nanavati was declared not guilty by the jury. However, later the verdict was dismissed by the Bombay High Court and the case was retried.This case was the last to be tried by a jury in India. As a result of the case, jury trials were abolished by the government.When contacted, Razdan confirmed the news and added, \"Pooja and Dino are producing the film. We are working on the script. The research has been going on for the past four months. We will take another thirty days to lock the script and then we will start casting for the film.\"Interestingly, the story is being penned by Mahesh Bhatt, Selina Sheth and Soni Razdan. \"It is an interesting project and something that I wanted to do since a long time. Somehow, it never worked out,\" said Razdan and added, \"The other day, I just happened to share the thought with Pooja and she loved the idea. One thing led to another and here we are.\" Soni also sounded confident about starting her project really soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12873464", "title": "Hailstorm hits mango crop, prices go through the roof", "text": "DHARWAD: The recent rain that lashed the region has brought some respite to people reeling under scorching heat. However, the same showers have dashed the hopes of mango lovers who were looking forward to tasting variety of mangoes this season.The 'King of Fruits' will not be available to the common man at affordable price. The rain has played a spoilsport as far as mangoes are concerned. Dharwad is known for mango groves and nearly 12,000 hectares of land is covered by mango trees with special breed 'Aapoos' (Alphonso variety).The raw mangoes have started to wither due to the recent rain accompanied with hailstones which lashed the rural areas. The farmers who had suffered crop loss due to drought like situation were hoping that their loss would be made good by mango. However, the rain has dashed their hopes.The first yield was expected in the next fifteen days. But, as the taluk received hailstone with rain, almost 70 per cent of the yield is damaged.This breed is unique as it yields once in two years. Last year, the farmers had not received a good yield, hence were expecting better yield this season.Farmers disappointedThe farmers who have grown mangoes in Mugad, Nigadi, Mavinkopp, Murkatti, and Salakinkopp region have complained of huge loss.However, the information given by the officials of the horticulture department is completely different.The officials stated that due to hailstone rain, only 10 to 15 per cent yield is lost. But the farmers put the extent of loss to 70 per cent.\"The mango plantation was given on contract for Rs two lakh, and even Rs 10,000 advance was taken. However, now the contractors are not willing to pay the assured money as the yield has been damaged,\" says Nagappa a mango growerDharwad is known for exporting the 'aapus' to western countries and even Australia.But this time the exporters are finding it extremely difficult to meet the demand.Late arrivalTill last year, nearly 20,000 boxes of mango, each weighing 10kg, arrived in the month of March. However, this March, less than a quarter of that quantity -- 3,000 boxes -- has reached the market, said fruit vendor Javali.The situation is not likely to ease and it is expected that even by the middle of the season the wholesale price of six dozen mangoes, that was anywhere between Rs 1,000 to 2,500 last year, will be around Rs 4,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12877123", "title": "RISAT - I, first microwave radar imaging satellite, launched successfully", "text": "CHENNAI: In a precision launch PSLV C19 launch vehicle injected India's first microwave radar imaging satellite ( RISAT - I) into orbit nearly 18 minutes after blast off from launch pad at Sriharikota on Thursday.The heaviest satellite weighing 1858 kg is a remote sensing satellite with a synthetic aperture radar that can penetrate clouds and image earth day and night.\"This is a grand success. This is 20th successive successful flight of PSLV. The satellite reached an orbit of 470 to 480 km orbit as targetted. In the next three days it will be pushed to 536 km altitude and it will enter a polar sun synchronous orbit,\" said ISRO chairman K Radhakrishnan.He also said that solar panel was deployed and synthetic radar antenna panel opened. \"It is pointing to earth. A series of operational test to ascertain health of the satellite will be carried out soon. It will start sending Images from May 1,\" he added.Responding to questions Radhakrishnan said that \"this is not a spy satellite but can do day and night surveillance which optical sensing satellites cannot do.\"The satellite will be used for agriculture imaging and to study floods. \"It will be useful because some parts of the country is perennially cloudy and flooded. The satellite can give an estimation of area under cultivation and flood within one hour of the calamitty. Soil moisture, forest biomass, coral reef and geological aspect can be tested\" he added. The satellite will supplement results of RISAT II which already sending data.N Valarmathi, project director claimed that the satellite uses C band and hence cannot be used for surveillance.Radhakrishnan said that the satellite cost Rs 378 crore while PSLV cost Rs 110 crore. \"India is now part of a select group of countries including US, Canada and countries in Europe.\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873177", "title": "Konkan home to evergreen forests 44,000 years ago", "text": "PUNE: About 44,000 years ago, Konkan had a longer period of rainfall from the southwest and northeast monsoons and was home to luxuriant tropical wet evergreen forest cover, fresh water wetlands and Myristica swamps. A change in climate, especially a weakening of the monsoon, and tectonic shifts replaced the cover with deciduous forests.Myristica swamps, dominated by members of Myristicaceae, a primitive family of flowering plants, are associated with rainforests of Asia, Africa, Madagascar, South America and Polynesia.The finding that the Konkan had such swamps was the result of a three-year study called 'Vegetation response to South Asian Monsoon variations in Konkan, western India during the late Quaternary: evidence from fluvio-lacustrine archives' and published recently in 'Quaternary International', a journal.It is based on plant fossils embedded in underground clay rocks dating back to late Pleistocene age. The Pleistocene period spanned from 2.6 million to 11,700 years ago.The study site was at Kangvai in Dapoli, Ratnagiri district. Leaf impressions embedded in clay rocks dating back to 44,000 years were found on different layers of the rocks when wells were dug.\"Konkan, in the past, would have formed a network of Myristica swamps where a special kind of plant community associated with fresh water swamps is found along the water courses through the forests of Western Ghats. At present Myristica swamps are restricted to small patches in a few places in the Western Ghats in Kerala and Karnataka,'' the study said.The study was undertaken by K P N Kumaran CSIR emeritus scientist of Agharkar Research Institute, Sharad Rajaguru, former faculty of the Deccan College in Pune. Ruta Limaye, a CSIR senior research associate at ARI, Sachin Punekar, a plant taxonomist, Sachin Joshi from Deccan College and Shrikant Karlekar from S P College.\"The fossils were preserved in a quiet or stagnant aquatic system. So there is a possibility that a shallow lake or pond existed during that period,\" Kumaran told TOI.The change in vegetation has led to loss of important plant species. At present, there is no natural Myristica swamp (highly endangered and fragmented ecosystems) exists in Maharashtra, the study added.It states that probably during the Ice Age or glacial age approximately 20,000 years ago, there was a change in the monsoon pattern and Konkan lost its evergreen vegetation. However, parts of Karnataka, Kerala and Sri Lanka, evergreen forests could rejuvenate and the vegetation exists till date due to extended rainfall that continues here.Kumaran said that the study indicates ecological shifts and habitat loss as a result of weakening of monsoon since the late Pleistocene period. The evergreen forest was replaced by woody riparian forests and subsequently by grass around 3,000 years ago, he said.\"We have lost rich biodiversity when the vegetation changed from evergreen forest to deciduous forest. Some plant biodiversity that is no longer found in the Konkan includes reed bamboo, nutmeg, syzigium species like jambhul, semecarpus species like the marking nut tree, eugenia species like clove, cinnamomum species like dalchini,\" said Limaye.Rajaguru said that this is the first record of plant fossils from the late Pleistocene period along coastal India and particularly Konkan region pertaining to south-west and north-east monsoon systems. The weakening of the southwest monsoon as observed in sediment signatures, tectonics and probably the glacial age, wet evergreen forests completely disappeared and were replaced by moist deciduous forests.The finding is important as it would help scientists know what may happen in future. \"To know the future, we have to know the past. This finding can give us some idea about what the vegetation will be like after 500 years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12874995", "title": "Drive against illegal mining", "text": "HAZARIBAG: In a massive operation against illegal mining of coal in the Barkagaon police station here launched jointly by the police and forest department, eight coal mines in the dense forests at Gondalpura have been sealed, said SP Pankaj Kamboj here on Wednesday.He said reports of large-scale theft of coal was received by the deputy commissioner during his inspection of the blocks.Deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan instructed both the forest department and the district mining officer to check the mining with the help of the police.Following this, the SP said, \"We have formed a strong task force headed by ASP Karthik S, who is currently posted in Barkagaon, to take drastic action against those involved and sealed the pits of those collieries from where the coal is being mined.\"Several machines were engaged to level the mines and eight coal mine pits were sealed.Talking to this correspondent, the ASP said on seeing the police action, all the villagers and coal smugglers who were engaged in the illegal mining, ran away from the spot without offering any resistance to the raiding parties.He said they are getting full co-operation from both the forest department and block pramukh Tukeshwar Prasad, who helped the police in locating the spots.The ASP further said during their operation, they have seized a tractor and 10 tonnes of illegally mined coals and instituted a case against the tractor owner-cum-driver.He said as per the directive of SP, raids will continue for three more days, but did not disclose the details about the areas where further operation will be undertaken.In March, a similar operation against illegal mining was underatken in Keredari in the Karanpura coal belt, where a huge stock of coal was found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12873575", "title": "Maoists likely to extend deadline for Menon release", "text": "BHOPAL: With talks between negotiators from both the Chhattisgarh government's side and the Maoists beginning on Thursday, the rebels are expected to formally announce the extension of the deadline for Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon's release to Friday. Menon is in rebel captivity since April 21.\"Our team of mediators, former Chhattisgarh chief secretary Sujogya Kumar Misra and former Madhya Pradesh chief secretary Nirmala Buch, is ready,\" said chief minister Raman Singh's principal secretary N Baijendra Kumar over phone from Raipur.The Maoists' interlocutor, B D Sharma, is expected to reach Raipur while G Haragopal will fly in from Hyderabad. \"Interlocutors from both sides are expected to meet in Raipur for talks,\" said a state government official.Buch, a 1960 batch IAS officer, and Mishra (1967 batch) will also meet Raman Singh. A meeting on the state's internal security meeting is slated for late on Wednesday night.The rebels have demanded withdrawal of paramilitary forces from Bastar, release of their eight jailed leaders, stopping of Operation Green Hunt, and recalling the security forces to the barracks in exchange for the collector's freedom.The government maintains there is no operation codenamed Green Hunt and that it's ready to talks to the Maoists to resolve the crisis.Before its initiative to secure the release of the collector, the state government called all major Chhattisgarh political parties for a meeting. The all-party meet appealed to the Maoists to release the collector, asserting that all their outstanding issues would be resolved through talks.After Menon's abduction, the rebels had first named Supreme Court lawyer Prashant Bhushan, a former CPI legislator Manish Kunjam and Dr Dr B D Sharma as their interlocutors. However, Bhushan refused while Kunjam backed out citing \"regional and political compulsions\". Subsequently, the Maoists named Prof G Haragopal as their second interlocutor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873757", "title": "\u2018State govt not helping create affordable homes\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: With the cost of housing increasing, the Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI), a developers' body, on Wednesday blamed the state government for not boosting measures to create affordable housing stock, including 5 lakh homes planned jointly between MCHI and the government.In a statement, MCHI-Credai, as it is known on joining hands with the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India ( Credai), said two years after a deal (April 28, 2010) to construct 5 lakh homes, the government has not amended development rules and provided incentives nor set up a nodal agency to handle approvals through a single window clearance system to clear projects.\"The overall objective of the initiative was to go for construction so as to address the yawning housing demand-supply gap and to provide affordable homes to the EWS, LIG and MIG groups. The plan was to roll out in 60 days. But not a single paper moved despite several reminders,'' MCHI-Credai president Paras Gundecha said. \"It would have kept market rates under check. Instead, Mumbai has emerged as the costliest real estate market,'' he said.Senior government officials said the developers argument is based on half-truths. \"The real issue is developers do not want the state to implement the Centre's scheme of compulsorily reserving 20% in 2,000 sq mts vacant plot for low-cost housing. They want the state to implement the incentive-based Mhada scheme wherein a developer gets a FSI of 1.75 against 1.5 earlier and also gets a higher cost of construction of Rs 6,000 a sq ft for every low-cost apartment he constructs for Mhada.A bureaucrat said that in meetings with the CM, developers had been clearly told that the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) and not the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority would be the nodal agency.So far as the legislative revamp to boost affordable homes is concerned, we were on the verge of finalizing a incentive-based public private partnership scheme wherein in lieu of sharing private land with Mhada, the developer will get 1.75 Floor Space Index against 1.5 FSI earlier. ``Even as we were going to issue final notification for this scheme, the centre issued guidelines under Rajiv Awaz Yojana wherein developers have to compulsory reserve 20% in 2,000 sq mts plot for low-cost housing. The state naturally preferred the centre's scheme and put the Mhada scheme on the backburner,'' said a bureaucrat.``Developers naturally, have not liked the government's move as the Mhada scheme is more beneficial than the centre's compulsory scheme,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873642", "title": "Trafficking racket busted, 14 kids rescued", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fourteen minors, including a girl, were rescued from a train at Anand Vihar railway station on Wednesday morning. Members of an NGO and railway police took part in the rescue operation.Police said the operation began as the Seemanchal Express from Bihar arrived at the station. The children, all natives of Bihar, came to the capital ostensibly to seek admission at a madrassa in Jamia. The incident came to light after a passenger got suspicious of the children being trafficked and tipped off the NGO. The NGO, in turn, informed police who immediately took action. The children were taken from the station in the presence of the NGO members and two persons accompanying them were called in for questioning.One of them told cops he got the children from Bihar to get them admitted to a madrassa in Delhi.The statement of the minors was recorded before Child Welfare Committee. A senior railway police officer said, \"The children have given their statement to CWC. We are verifying the facts and a probe is on. No case has been registered as of now.\"Cops will also send a team to the madrassa to verify information obtained from the two persons accompanying the children, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12874622", "title": "Alina Saldanha must lead stir: Radharao Gracias", "text": "MARGAO: The United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) called upon the late Matanhy Saldanha's wife, Alina, to lead the agitation against the setting up of the Mopa airport. UGDP further stated that in view of the upcoming Cortalim by-elections, they felt that all other political parties in the state should come together and field a common candidate who would oppose BJP's Mopa airport plans.\"Alina made a public commitment to first protect the late Saldanha's legacy and thus there cannot be any other person better than Alina to lead the agitation against Mopa airport,\" said UGDP vice-president Radharao Gracias. Gracias further stated that the people of Cortalim constituency would be the most affected and the livelihood of some of the locals would be deprived if Dabolim airport had to close and thus it was all the more important for Alina to be part of such an agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "12873955", "title": "Chiru to be Congress\u2019s star campaigner: Dokka", "text": "ONGOLE: Giving a new twist to the ongoing tussle between chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana, rural development minister Dokka Manikya Varaprasad said that megastar Chiranjeevi will be the star campaigner for the Congress party in the coming byelections.He said Chiranjeevi would kick start the party's campaign from Ongole. Speaking to reporters here on Wednesday, Dokka, who is the in-charge minister of Prakasam, exuded confidence that the party would romp home in all the 18 assembly segments and the lone Nellore Lok Sabha constituency. With Chiranjeevi's follower Mantri Srinivas emerging as a front runner for the Ongole seat, Dokka's remarks have assumed significance. \"Chiranjeevi will tour all the constituencies that are going to elections. We will win all the segments,\" he claimed.He said the Congress party had never termed the late YSR 'anti-dalit.' \"YSR is undoubtedly the best chief minister who served the state so far,\" Dokka said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12874031", "title": "My niece killed herself because of discrimination: Meghalaya CM", "text": "SHILLONG: Meghalaya chief minister Mukul Sangma on Wednesday described the suicide of his niece, Dana Silva M Sangma, as a \"result of discrimination\" by authorities of the institution where she was studying in Gurgaon. Dana (21), who killed herself on Tuesday, was an MBA student of Amity University at Panchgaon.The CM said Dana was discriminated against by the faculty of the university. \"Primary evidence suggests that the girl was thrown out of an examination hall after the invigilator found a mobile phone on her,\" he added. He said Dana had \"studied well\" for the examination. Mukul said an FIR has been filed invoking sections of the Indian Penal Code related to atrocities against SCs and STsMukul said students from the northeast are regularly subjected to humiliation by the university, which, he said, could also be true in the case of his niece. \"This could have resulted in mental pressure that pushed the girl to take the extreme step,\" he added. \"There have been many instances of students from the northeast being subjected to all kinds of atrocities and discrimination,\" he told the media.During the last meeting on internal security, the CM had taken up the matter of atrocities against NE students with the Prime Minister. According to Mukul, discriminated students carry the pain and anger of the trauma for a long time. \"This is a threat to national integrity.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12878053", "title": "Pritish Nandy's film Fatso finds a friend", "text": "They say a friend in need is a friend indeed. However, such cases are more the exception than norm in the Hindi film industry.  One such we can tell you is Pritish Nandy Communication's (PNC) next flick Fatso directed by Rajat Kapoor releasing as per schedule on May 4, courtesy the financial support extended by producer Fauzia Arshi of Daily Multimedia Ltd.A source told Mirror, \"Fatso was ready for over a year but due to a financial crunch, the production house was unable to release the film. Also, PNC needed support with the marketing of the film. While the PNC-Daily Multimedia deal was sealed a year ago, Pritish and Fauzia have known each other for several years. The promo of the film has her name as producer.\"Arshi confirmed the news and said, \"Talks were on for six months but I got a little busy with Bhaiyyaji Superhit. Pritish is an old friend. It's a good film and I wanted to support it in any which way.\"Above all, some things are above profit and loss, she said. Meanwhile, Nandy is very happy with her kind gesture and confident about his film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12876775", "title": "Star Plus No.1 Channel", "text": "Star Plus makes it to the top spot in the rat race for high TRPs, proving to be the Numero Uno Hindi entertainment channel. Star Plus shows have beaten its competitors in the TRP ratings for this week (18th April-24th April) to secure itself once again.'Diya Aur Baati Hum' makes it to the no.1 spot with a TRP rating of 4.1. Other shows from the channel like 'Saath Nibhana Saathiya'(3.3), 'Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hain'(3.2) and 'Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?'(3.1) follow closely.Sony television's 'Crime Patrol' (3.6) beats 'CID' (3.3) to make it to the no.2 spot. Surprisingly, Colors has fallen behind inspite of having hit shows like 'Balika Vadhu' and 'Uttaran'. 'Balika Vadhu' occupies the fifth place (3.1) with Zee TV's 'Pavitra Rishta' (2.9) in tow. 'Uttaran' has dropped to being number eight on the list (2.1). Even Sony TV's much loved show 'Bade Acche Laggte Hai' has made a climb down with a rating of 2.4. Zee TV's 'Hitler Didi' finishes last with a 2.1 rating.Star Plus silences all with a total of 249 GRP. Although 'Hitler Didi' may have finished last on the TRP ratings list, it for sure covers up in the total GRPS (214) followed by Sony (209 GRPS) and lastly by Colors with a poor total of 194 GRPs.'Crime Patrol' and 'CID' remain unmatched by any other shows in its' genre across the TV spectrum and Colors TV is known for its theme based shows. Yet they find themselves falling behind.What strategy does Star Plus employ to get high TRPs week after week? Is it the love-hate relationship between the male and female protagonists of the shows or the intense drama that keeps the tears rolling? Does this suggest that audiences are bored of 'change' and prefer to stick to the old formula?Which TV series will be on the top spot next week and will Star Plus be able to beat others once again? Tell us what you think!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12872792", "title": "Apex court reserves verdict on Kasab\u2019s plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: The SC on Wednesday reserved its verdict on 26/11 Mumbai terror attack convict Ajmal Kasab's plea challenging the death penalty on the ground that he did not get a fair trial.A bench of Justices Aftab Alam and C K Prasad reserved the verdict after hearing amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran, who was presenting Kasab's defence, and the prosecution represented by senior advocate Gopal Subramaniam and Ujjwal Nikam.Ramachandran focused on lack of adequate legal help to Kasab to allege that the Pakistani did not get a fair trial. He added that even in the worst case, there was no conclusive evidence implicating Kasab in the terror attack conspiracy . Ramachandran had pleaded with the bench to change the death sentence to life imprisonment given the young age of the convict.Subramaniam and Nikam placed mapped details of Kasab's movement with the definite motive to strike terror in Mumbai and kill as many innocents as possible to derail India's economy. Subramaniam gave details of the terrorists' travels, satellite phone conversations and orders taken from their masters in Pakistan to argue that Kasab was part of the conspiracy to attack India's sovereignty.Kasab had sent his appeal against the Bombay HC judgment against him to the SC through Mumbai's Arthur Road Jail authorities. The HC had, on February 21, upheld the trial court's order convicting Kasab and its order for acquittal of alleged Indian co-conspirators Faheem Ansari and Sabauddin Ahmed. The SC will commence hearing on Thursday on an appeal filed by the Maharashtra government cha- llenging the aquittal of Ansari and Ahmed. The state has cited statements of prosecution witnesses whose evidence had corroborated their role as conspirators in the attack .The HC had agreed with the trial court that the case against Kasab fell in the rarest of rare category and upheld the trial court's decision to award him the death penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12874398", "title": "Corporation of the City of Panaji pushes for garbage segregation", "text": "PANAJI: After administrative changes ushered recently, the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) is finally showing some resolve in tackling the garbage menace.In a bid to improve segregation enforcement, the CCP has cracked the whip on some city hotels and eateries for failing to segregate garbage at source and handed out fines to 39 establishments for not complying with the rules and fines to the tune of almost 30,000 have been imposed.A team comprising CCP sanitation and waste management cell have so far inspected around 50 hotels, restaurants and other eateries and found that most of them were churning out mixed waste for the corporation to tackle. Some of the starred hotels, usually frequented by the elite of society are also in the list of violators.\"The segregation enforcement drive is being conducted on the initiative of the new CCP commissioner Sanjit Rodrigues, said Hortencio Fernandes, CCP's sanitary consultant. Things were going from bad to worse and handling of waste was becoming difficult, he added.The city generates about 30 tonnes of wet garbage per day and this comprises around half of the total waste. Panaji has around 600 hotels, eateries and restaurants and the waste they generate is a major chunk of the wet waste. The wet waste from households goes directly for composting to the two units at Patto and one in Althino. There is also a segregation centre at Campal.Sources in the CCP said that prior to this enforcement drive, there was almost no enforcement of the segregation rules recent lyFines for violations can go up to 5,000 as per the provisions of the rules. Moreover, it is also criminal offence and a police complaint can also be filed against violators, Fernandes added.The CCP sanitation cell found that 90% of the establishments were not adhering to CCP's circular regarding segregation of the garbage. \"But there are a few hotels which are systematically segregating their garbage and some are even composting it on their own,\" said Fernandes.Somnath Raut Desai, CCP sanitary inspector said the enforcement began on April 18 and fines of 500 were being imposed initially. The fine has been hiked to 1,000 from April 25 and CCP officials are now mulling imposing the maximum fine of 5,000.While a majority of establishments were fined for not segregating their garbage, some establishments are also violating the CCP directive on use of colour coded bags for segregation of garbage. All biodegradable waste has to go in a green bag, paper and cardboards in a pink bag, plastic in brown, metals and glass in a black bag, non recyclable waste such as, leather, rubber, clothes, thermacol and multi layered packets and other waste which does not fall in any category in a white bag.\"Segregation is very essential for smooth management of hotel waste,\" said Fernandes. Mixed waste poses problems in segregation and finds its way in landfills, which is a waste of scarce land resource.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12874772", "title": "Kodiyettam marks the start of pooram fever", "text": "THRISSUR: For the people in Thrissur, the days ahead are one of celebrations. Marking the beginning of the Pooram festivities, the Thiruvambady and Paramekkavu dewaswoms performed the Kodiyettam (flag hoisting) ceremony on Wednesday.The Thiruvambady Devaswom held the ceremony around 11.30am. Thazhathupurakkal Surendran Asari performed the bhoomi pooja. Special poojas followed the kodiyettam. The ezhunellippu of the idol of the goddess was held at 2.30pm.The Paramekkavu Devaswom held the flag hoisting ceremony around 12 noon, and the bhoomi pooja was performed under the leadership of Puliyannur Anujan Namboothiripad. The kodiyettam of cheru poorams were held on Wednesday in temples in Lalur, Ayyanthol, Chembukkavu, Choorakottukavu, Panamukkampilly, Kanimangalam, Naithalakkavu and Karamukku.The preparations for the Pooram are nearing completion. Officials from both the sides said the preparations were on schedule.The Pooram exhibition has been drawing heavy crowds. City streets are already feeling the Pooram fever with traffic jams seen in many parts of the city on Wednesday. Police are having a tough time trying to control the traffic at Swaraj Round and outer circles.The Pooram is on May 1. The famous Pooram vedikkettu (fireworks) will be held at 3 am the next day.Meanwhile, police are on their toes after receiving a letter from some unidentified person stating that there will be a bomb blast in the town during Pooram days. According to sources in Thrissur West Police Station, cops received the letter, written in Hindi, a few days back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12875710", "title": "Lassi stirs up a storm in a tea cup", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia's statement that tea would be declared India's national drink by April next year has stirred a debate amongst Chandigarh residents as they have come out in support of lassi for this honour and not the \"addictive\" tea.They feel that lassi has been India's drink down the ages, while the tea culture they feel is more a British legacy. Also lassi isn't bad for health, which is not the case with tea, they argue.Since Ahluwalia's statement was made, there has literally been a storm in a tea cup. This debate about which is better -- tea or lassi -- has a history to it. The British promoted tea. There was resistance from Indians and the debate became a household one, even finding mention in popular literature. In fact, a number of \"kissas'' in Punjabi were woven in those days around this debate.And the debate is still continuing. Madhu Sharma, a dietician at PGI said, \"Tea is more harmful than lassi. Children shouldn't be having tea but they can have buttermilk. Moreover excessive intake of lassi is not harmful, though excessive tea can cause gastritis. Besides, tea is addictive. I feel lassi should be made the national drink as it is unique to India. It is not known and talked about elsewhere.\"Vijay Machal, a teacher at Yadavindra Public School, \"Buttermilk is best suited to be declared the national drink of India as it is indigenous and satisfies everyone's appetite. If not lassi, then lime water be considered, but not tea.\"Bal Pratap Singh Samra, a businessman, who is a resident of Mohali said, \"Lassi symbolizes our culture and the name in itself is so Indian that it deserves to be named the national drink. Moreover tea is not healthy, but lassi is.\"Somya Singh, a student of animation in Sector 17, who is a resident of Sector 41 said, \"Tea is addictive and can't be taken with food but lassi is a complete food in itself. You can have it at any time of the day.\"Pooja Dhawan, an anchor, who is also a model said, \"Tea is addictive and it is difficult to leave. So lassi is definitely a better option for being the national drink.\"National drinkIndia is to declare tea as its national drink. It will celebrate the life of a pioneering tea planter who was hanged by the British for taking part in the rebellion of 1857. Planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia onSaturday announced the decision while on a visit to Assam, the home state of Maniram Dewan, who is celebrated for his role in a plan to throw the British out of Assam in 1857 and for introducing commercial tea production to the region. \"The drink would be accorded national drink status by April 17 next year,\" said Ahluwalia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "12875656", "title": "Police inaction: On hunger strike, 90-year-old hospitalised", "text": "AMBALA: As the district police continue to shy away from acting against former transport minister Raj Kumar Saini and his kin in a criminal case, Prabhu Ram, 90-year-old father of the complainant, who was on hunger strike against police inaction, was rushed to hospital on Tuesday night.For the past one week, Prabhu Ram, who accused the investigating officer of taking sides with former minister due to his influence and money power, was on hunger strike to press his demand for Saini's arrest. As Prabhu Ram was rushed to hospital after he felt uneasiness, his elder son Devi Dayal has decided to sit on protest against the office of assistant commissioner of police (ACP), rural, at Naraingarh on Wednesday morning.Doctors attending Prabhu Ram said that he had complained uneasiness and his blood pressure too had become abnormal.On Wednesday, family members of Prabhu Ram, including his son Pawan Saini, went to give a representation to DCP (rural), Ambala, Najnin Bhashin, who assured them to take appropriate action in this regard. \"We are looking into the matter and we will definitely take strong action. Police is in the process of investigating the matter thoroughly,\" said Bhashin.On March 4, Pawan Saini, a local businessman, son of Prabhu Ram, had got an FIR lodged against former state transport minister Raj Kumar Saini, resident of village Rasur of Ambala and eight others, including four of his brothers and nephew, for thrashing him after illegal confinement at Himachal-Haryana border on the night of March 3 over a dispute about drainage construction. The 90-year-old protestor's resentment was that police, including former ACP, Naraingrh, Venod Kumar, favored the former minister, by not taking action against him.It was only after his condition deteriorated, Naraingarh SDM O P Sharma and ACP Mukesh Malhotra had rushed to the spot asking him and his family to withdraw the stir. \"The ACP as well as SDM had assured through probe, but he refused to withdraw,'' officials in Ambala police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873321", "title": "2 Somali students act as interpreters during pirates\u2019 trial", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police, unable to make head or tail of what the 120 arrested Somali pirates said in court, have enlisted the help of two Somali MBA students from Pune to act as interpreters during the trial.The Yellow Gate police arrested the pirates in March 2011 for hijacking several ships like Vega 5 and Al-Murtuza, and charged them with murder, attempt to murder, criminal intimidation, hijacking ships and so on. However, the police had a difficult time understanding the pirates' language. \"It was a difficult task to know what they said,\" said investigating officer M G Tope. The police wrote to the ministry of external affairs to provide a professional interpreter. However, it was unable to provide one.The police then approached Pune University and identified five Somali students who spoke the pirates' mother tongue as well as English. \"We have hired two such students, both doing their MBA from different colleges in Pune. They are being paid Rs 3,000 per hearing,\" said Tope.The students were first called in to the Sewri fast-track court last month when charges were framed against the 120 pirates. The accused are not brought to court; they face trial through videoconferencing. \"It is not possible to bring all 120 in one day and keep them in the courtroom. We go to court with the interpreters and they help us continue the proceedings when it comes to understanding the pirates' language,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873423", "title": "Cluster scheme trips, minister says no need for big fleet", "text": "NEW DELHI: A year after Delhi government launched the bus cluster scheme, Delhi transport minister Arvinder Singh feels the dynamics of the city's public transport system has undergone a change. \"When the government had said in its affidavit that 11,000 buses are needed, the Delhi Metro still had a small network. But with the expansion of the Metro network and several other transport alternatives like radio taxis, Delhi doesn't need so many buses,\" Singh told The Times of India.According to the minister, 7,000 buses are enough to meet the city's public transport needs. \"However, since we want to promote public transport and introduce night buses as well, we plan to make provisions for 10,000 buses. Of these, only 4,400 would be cluster buses,\" he said.The government had earlier said that of 11,000 buses, the cluster scheme would account for 6,600 buses under the 60:40 ratio, with the rest 4,400 being supplied by the Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC). Singh now says that the government had always planned to have only 4,400 cluster buses. \"The agreement with the cluster concessionaires is for 17 clusters totaling 4,400 buses. Of these, 1,000 buses should be made available by the end of this year,\" said Singh. Refusing to give a deadline for launching the rest of the buses, Singh said that the 6,000-odd buses being run by the DTC are adequate to meet the needs of the city. \"When the Bluelines were being phased out, it was decided that 10,000 buses of which DTC buses would form the major part, would be more than adequate for the public transport system in Delhi,\" said Singh.According to Singh, the delay in launching cluster buses - to-date only 247 have been put in service - is due to the lack of space in Delhi. \"Admittedly, there is land shortage in the city and acquiring depot space has been a problem for the transport department. But now the department has got land in Rohini and is putting a cabinet note for clusters six to nine,\" said the transport minister.Singh also attributed the delay to the fact that work on Sunehripula and Kushak Nullah depots had started late. \"But once these become available, more buses will be put into service. We have also put in a request for land near Paschim Vihar for a depot,\" said Singh. So will all 4,400 cluster buses be available by next year? \"There are no deadlines at the moment. Our priority is to first launch 1,000 buses by 2012-end,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873076", "title": "'No patient should be denied treatment'", "text": "PUNE: Mayor Vaishali Bankar on Wednesday directed the civic health department to initiate all necessary steps to prevent a repeat of the incident on Tuesday wherein a 25-year-old woman delivered a stillborn baby without any medical assistance at the entrance of the Pune Municipal Corporation-run Kamala Nehru hospital in the early hours of Tuesday.She said that strict instructions have been given to doctors in hospitals run by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to not deny admission and treatment to any patient.Bankar said that orders have also been given to the civic health department to conduct a detailed inquiry into the incident. She told TOI, \"It is unfortunate. Doctors need to take care of every patient approaching the hospital for treatment. Hospital administrations need to remain attentive at all times. A lethargic approach while attending to patients cannot be tolerated.\"She said a meeting will be held with the municipal commissioner where the issue of recruitment of gynaecologists and medical staff at PMC-run hospitals will be discussed. \"The health department has also been told to take stock of vacancy of posts of gynaecologists and medical staff at civic hospitals.\"Meanwhile, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has strongly condemned Tuesday's incident. The party leaders, who demanded immediate action against doctors responsible for the negligence, expressed the need for recruitment of gynaecologists on a round-the-clock basis at the hospital.BJP leader Medha Kulkarni called the incident shocking and unfortunate. She said, \"Despite the PMC allocating funds in last year's budget for the modernisation of the Kamala Nehru hospital, common people continue to face problems. Though the administration has framed a policy pertaining to appointment of medical staff, nothing has happened. The shortage of doctors, including gynaecologists, continues.\"She said that in cases where common people faced problems in securing medical assistance at civic hospitals, the administration should be held responsible for negligence and irresponsible behavior. \"The administration should initiate steps to appoint specialist doctors instead of post-graduate students.\"Kulkarni warned of a strong agitation in the near future if the party's demands are not met immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "anantapur", "code": "12873946", "title": "Jagan aide jailed in Paritala murder case", "text": "ANANTAPUR: In a jolt to YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy's plans ahead of the by-elections, his close aide Danthaluri Krishna alias Mangali Krishna of Pulivendula was sentenced to five years imprisonment for conspiring with three others to eliminate TDP MLA Paritala Ravindra by planting a suitcase bomb in Anantapur in 2001. The other three were also convicted and sent to jail for five years by the additional assistant sessions court here on Wednesday.While holding them guilty, judge Hemalatha, however, quashed the case against six others who were also accused in the case. Krishna and the three others - N Ramachandra Reddy of CK Palli mandal, K Ravindra Reddy of Dharamvaram and V Subbi Reddy of CK Palli - were charged under section 120(B) of Arms Act and sections 4B and 5 of Explosives Act.Krishna hatched the plan to eliminate Ravi with the help of faction leaders like Maddelacheruvu Suri in December 2000. He planted the suitcase bomb in an ice-cream pushcart near Ravi's residence and planned to trigger it during then CM Chandrababu Naidu's visit to Anantapur. However, the bomb did not go off. Police later unraveled the plot and booked cases against 14 persons, including Krishna and former Dharmavaram municipal chairman G Nagaraju. The police took Krishna into custody immediately after the verdict and whisked him away. Krishna, who was a close follower of late chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy, was allegedly involved in several land settlements in the state.Gali Muddukrishnama Naidu, the TDP leader, alleged that Krishna was behind several murders committed by late YSR and his son Jagan. He said Jagan staged a day's dharna in front of the Pulivendula police station last year demanding the release of Krishna when he was taken into custody in connection with a case.TDP leaders said that Wednesday's verdict reconfirmed the party's charge that Jagan was the kingpin in the assassination of Ravi, who was murdered on January 24, 2005, at the district party office. According to investigators in the Paritala murder case, Krishna was Jagan's 'front man' in his stronghold of Pulivendula.It is alleged that Jagan sought Krishna's help to eliminate his grandfather YS Raja Reddy's killer Parthasarathy Reddy, a local TDP leader. Krishna, in turn, got in touch with Suri, who was locked in a gang war with Ravi. Krishna and Suri struck a deal that Ravi would be killed first and then Parthasarathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872971", "title": "David Dhawan hospitalized", "text": "MUMBAI: Film director David Dhawan has been hospitalized following a shoulder injury.Dhawan slipped and fractured his shoulder at the convocation ceremony of an acting school on Tuesday evening. The managing director of the school, Shashi Ranjan , said, \"Dhawan was going towards the bathroom, when not realizing that there was a ladder, he slipped and fell down. We thought it was just a shoulder dislocation as he came back and sat in the audiences without much complaint. It was only later at night that we realized it was a complex fracture.''Hospital sources said, \"Dhawan had injured his right arm bone and had to be operated upon on Wednesday evening. He is fine now.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12875054", "title": "Tulsiram case: Habeas corpus filed for missing witness", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Has a woman witness in Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter cases gone missing? A habeas corpus petition was filed in the Gujarat high court on Wednesday over the disappearance of 28-year-old Sumitra Manji Baranda from Palanpur, who could throw light on the murky affair, according to the petitioner.Advocate Abdul Hamid Chhoriya, who claims to be a human rights activist and an eyewitness to Tulsiram's illegal detention a day before he was killed in an encounter near Ambaji on December 28, 2006, has sought the HC's direction to police to release the girl from the clutches of five persons including policemen. He has claimed that she has been missing for past one year. In 2008, Chhoriya appeared before a city sessions court and volunteered to testify in the encounter cases. He told the court that he met Tulsiram while he was being taken in a vehicle bearing number RJ-14-UA-3838 in Palanpur. Tulsiram complained to him about torture and requested for help.In the habeas corpus petition, Chhoriya claimed that four of total six witnesses to Tulsiram's abduction and elimination have been done to death. He has even given a statement under 164 of CrPC before chief judicial magistrate in this regard, and has been targeted for the same because \"police came to know about the contents,\" he claimed in his petition.According to the lawyer, driver of the vehicle Vijaysinh Neruka, Harbhajansingh Malik alias Monty, Rajendra Pawar and Monty's father Amarjeetsingh Malik have already been killed. Two of them have been poisoned, Chhoriya claimed in his petition.Chhoriya also claimed that he is the only eyewitness who has survived, and his life is always in danger. Baranda, who used to work with his organization as a clerk, knew the story behind the encounter because her group was in constant touch with the gangsters of Udaipur. \"She is not an eyewitness, but she is the only person who can now confirm various things,\" Chhoriya said after his petition came up for hearing before the HC.The division bench found his petition bit complicated, and Chhoriya sought more time to provide more information including a copy of his statement recorded in March 2010 by the CBI. The next hearing is kept on May 7, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "12873565", "title": "Registrar's caste certificate cancelled", "text": "SHIMOGA: Bhadravathi tahsildar and taluk magistrate Yogeswar has cancelled the caste certificate given to deputy registrar of Kuvempu University KS Gopala Krishna.The move came after the caste certificate claiming Gopala Krishna as a person belonging to Kotegar ST community was found fake.The Dalit Sangarsha Samiti (DSS) has questioned the propriety of the officer in gaining a high post by submitting a false caste certificate. The Samiti alleged that Gopala Krishna, who was working as a lecturer in the university, is a member of a forward community. He got the certificate from the office submitting wrong declaration in August 1989, it is learnt.The tahsildar, who verified the details at his office on Monday, heard the submissions of both the parties and issued the order which comes into effect immediately. After the final clearance, the university authorities have written to the state government to initiate suitable action against the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12874135", "title": "Massive cover-up on payments to Q: Chitra", "text": "NEW DELHI: The journalist who broke the story of Bofors scam 25 years ago has supported the assertion of former Swedish police chief Sten Lindstorm that there was a \"massive, multi-country cover-up\" to suppress the truth about why the Swedish armament manufacturer bribed Italian businessman Ottavio Qutattrocchi in order to sell their howitzers to India.Chitra Subramaniam backed the assertion of Lindstorm, the whistleblower in the case, that while there was no proof to \"make the leap'' in the case from Quattrocchi to the then PM Rajiv Gandhi, the question was \"why would Bofors pay Quattrocchi''.She also said that investigators should have quizzed Rajiv's wife, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi , in the case.\"The issue is that had the Indian investigators sat down with the other investigators... you know... they have a language, like journalists have a language... investigators know and interpret information specially in international investigations and one of the pointers would have been to speak to Mrs Gandhi, if not at least to Mr Quattrocchi, against whom the evidence was conclusive,\" Subramaniam told Times Now.\"And, of course, you get to ask the question why would Bofors pay Quattrocchi and I believe that Mr Martin Ardbo (Bofors managing director) shared a lot with Mr Lindstrom,\" she added.Subramaniam also said that she was under pressure to implicate Amitabh Bachchan in the bribery case but she refused.Her interview follows Lindstrom's disclosure that he was the 'Deep Throat' who leaked documents to Subramaniam 25 years ago to prove that there had been payoffs in the Bofors gun deal. He also said in his interview to Subramaniam that the payment made to Quattrocchi by AE Services was political.When asked if Lindstrom had actually given a clean chit to Rajiv by saying there was no evidence against him, she said the fact about there being a cover up still remained. \"While it is a fact that Mr Gandhi was... there was no payment to him or to Mr (Olof) Palme. The fact remains that it was a multi-country massive cover up,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12874828", "title": "36 DYFI activists get bail", "text": "KANNUR: Thirty-six DYFI activists, who were in judicial custody in connection with the Kannur collectorate attack on March 21, have been released on conditional bail, after they deposited Rs 16.44 lakh at the magistrate court.The high court, which heard their bail plea on Tuesday, had asked them to furnish a surety of Rs 15 lakh under the Prevention of Destruction of Public Properties (PDPP) Act, as they were accused of vandalizing the collectorate. The high court had also asked them to execute personal bonds for Rs 15,000 each with two sureties for the like amount.The DYFI workers were released around 8 pm on Wednesday, after finishing all the formalities.The incident occurred on March 21, when a protest march jointly organized by the youth wings of the Left parties against the raising of retirement age of the government employees turned violent causing huge losses to the public properties in the Civil Station Complex.Following the incident the police had filed case against 300 people and 36 DYFI activists were taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12875767", "title": "High Court dismisses plea, schools will have to reserve 25% seats", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Finally, all schools of Chandigarh will have to follow the RTE Act and reserve 25% seats for children of 6-14 years belonging to Economically Weaker Section (EWS), as the Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday disposed of all petitions filed by various private schools of city seeking directions against the said provisions.When the matter came up for hearing before the HC, counsel for various private schools of city contended that Chandigarh administration had formulated an education scheme in 1996, according to which the schools allotted land on subsidized rates or any other concession, were liable to keep 15% seats reserved for economically weaker section.It was further argued that the reservation was reduced to 5% seats in 2001, but was again changed to 15% in 2005 and later RTE Act was introduced making it mandatory for all schools to provide 25% reservation for the EWS at entry level.Taking up the matter, a division bench comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh disposed of the petition with directions that rules of RTE Act will have to follow.Regarding the reservation of 15% seats for EWS as per the UT policy, HC kept the matter pending for further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873334", "title": "Rs 3.5 crore to be spent to restore 13 monuments", "text": "PUNE: Caves of Shelarwadi, situated 32 km to the north west of Pune, the Wada of Dancing Girl in Cheul, and Padmadurg fort in Raigad, Panhala fort in Kolhapur, and the Portugese monastery in Mandapeshwar caves, are among the 13 monuments where repair and restoration works will be undertaken during the current financial year by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI). The ASI has received Rs 3.5 crore to carry out the work.Of the total allocation, Rs 2 crore is to be spent on repair and restoration work, while Rs 1.5 crore is to be utilized for maintenance of these monuments. \"The estimated amount for restoration works at the caves of Shelarwadi is Rs 20 lakh. Works such as construction of the monument's retaining wall and widening of the approach pathway have been proposed. Pipe railing on the valley side of the caves to ensure the safety of visitors has also been proposed. The proposals have been sent to ASI headquarters in Delhi and we are currently awaiting approval,\" said an official from ASI, Mumbai circle.Repairs of the collapsed compound wall and dome in the Wada of the Dancing Girl in Cheul, Raigad, have also been proposed. \"Kasa or Padmadurg fort, which lies to the northwest of Janjira fort in Raigad distrcit, has a majority of its structures buried under debris, which will also be cleared this year. \"We will undertake the work of exposing these structures now, and begin the repairs next year. Not much has happened here in terms of repairs before,\" the official said.ASI has also proposed to undertake restoration works in Dilawar Khan's tomb in Kolhapur district, including replastering the tomb's deteriorated dome as well as some pointing works in its basement. Also, the restoration of the collapsed fortification wall near the Wagh Darwaja in Panhala fort, located in Panhala, Kolhapur, has been proposed for repairs.Mandapeshwar Caves, the rock-cut shrine dedicated to lord Shiva in Borivli, Mumbai, will have its Portugese monastery repaired. \"Also, part of the task will be exposing some of these structures buried in mud and debris. Water tightening to prevent percolation of water into these structures will also be undertaken,\" the official said.Mumbai's Mahakali Caves will be up for some restoration. A retaining wall will be constructed on the northwest side of the caves to prevent unauthorized entry into the monument. Also, in Solapur fort, the restoration of the fallen portion of the fort wall near the ancient well on the eastern side of the fort and repair works in Jijamata's Wada in Raigad have been proposed.Gonsalo Garcia church and Canara town hall in Vasai fort, Arnala fort and Buddhist stupa at Nalasopara in Mumbai, Barad caves in Thane, will also undergo some restoration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873344", "title": "Ghai files review plea against rent order", "text": "MUMBAI: Film-maker Subhash Ghai has filed a review petition before the Bombay high court against the order directing him to pay Rs 79 crore rent to Film City Studio. The Studio has issued a notice to Whistling Woods to repay the rent but no deadline has been set so far.Film City has taken back 14.5 acre land from Ghai and is contemplating renting out the land for shooting. Film City studio managing director (MD) Shyam Tagade said, \"Ghai has still not replied to the notice on rent, though we have not set any deadline on it. As per the court order, he will have to pay additional 6% interest if there is any delay.''The studio has started putting up a boundary wall on the land returned by Whistling Woods and the entrance to the film school has been shifted to the east side. Ghai told TOI, \"Film City's MD is doing his job and we are doing ours. We shall go to court again and again for justice since we are not at fault. This is a global institute made by public money for public interest with full dedication and honesty.''A committee of industry experts has been invited by the film studio to evaluate the building. A source said, \"If the cost of construction and other investment and expenditure made by the school is more than the rent demanded, the government will pay the difference to Whistling Woods.''The Bombay high court had asked Whistling Woods to return 14.5 acre land right away and the rest in 2014, after the school's current batch passes out.We shall go to court again and again for justice since we are not at fault. This is a global institute made by public money for public interest with honesty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12874023", "title": "Artist chalks out route to Guinness", "text": "GUWAHATI: As a little boy, Sudip Das's favourite playthings were needles and chalk sticks. He would sit for hours, making etchings on chalk sticks, and over time, he honed his carving skills to turn these nondescript pieces of chalk into works of art.Today, his childhood pastime has blown up into a full-fledged passion, enabling him to create world records, even though the biggest of them all - the Guinness - still eludes him, albeit not due to lack of talent but for want of financing.On Wednesday, Nagaon-based Sudip displayed his miniature art, consecrated on thin chalk sticks, at Guwahati Press Club. The multiple record-holder showcased three of his favourite pieces in front of mediapersons and art aficionados - likenesses of Goddess Durga, Jesus Christ and Bhupen Hazarika. The one-inch-long chalk Durga made by Sudip, supposed to be the world's smallest Durga statue, was very intricately carved. He also displayed the various certificates he has been awarded for making and breaking records.\"I have managed to get my name enlisted in various forums including Unique World Records, World Records of India, World Record Holders Republic, Elite World Records, the India Book of Records and others. I have also applied to Guinness World Records, but it is a very expensive process to register with them. However, I am in constant touch with them and they will be sending representatives later this year to check out my skills,\" said Das.He further added that he had approached the district administration to help him in his endeavour of securing a position in the prestigious Guinness World Records but was faced with disappointment. But that did not deter him and he decided to rely on his own talent instead.In the meantime, Sudip is also gearing up for his next project, which will be consecrating a miniature rhinoceros on a chalk stick, through which he wants to spread the message of protecting the animal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12870364", "title": "Datawind may replace Quad with VMC for making Aakash II", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aakash tablet maker Datawind is likely to replace its ex-supplier Quad with Hyderabad's VMC Systems for assembling of Aakash II devices in India.On Thursday, Datawind is expected to launch its Ubislate7+ tablets, which will carry similar features as expected in Aakash II tablets, now expected to come out of VMC's factories. Datawind has upgraded the processor to Cortex A8 (about 800 MHz) from the earlier 366 MHz processor, after complains of slow processor speed in Aakash-I tablets.Datawind declined to disclose the name of its new suppliers. But sources said that VMC is expected to assemble the tablets, after Datawind broke its relationship with Quad, few weeks ago. Hyderabad based Vuppalamritha Magnetic Components Ltd (VMC), claims itself to be an OEM (original equipment manufacturer) of telecommunications, networking, and power conversion products.Datawind cited for breakup with ex-supplier, an MoU Quad signed with IIT-Rajasthan. But Quad also shot a statement alleging that Datawind has tied up with the ex-vendor/customer of QUAD based out of Hyderabad, for manufacturing Aakash II. Quad has sent a legal notice to Datawind for non-payment of tablets for which it procured inventory, on its behalf. Datawind has said that it has no dues left with Quad, and will not procure any more tablets from them.Besides, on Thursday, Datawind is also likely to tie up with Aircel for offering GPRS based internet plans (about Rs 98 per month) on the tablets, which will come with both capacitive and resistive screen versions.For Aakash II tablets, IIT-Bombay is in the process of preparing a purchase order for about 100,000 for Ministry of Human Resource and Development. Aakash II tablets priced at Rs 2276 for the government are likely to start shipping May 2012 onwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12873172", "title": "Tamil Nadu Agricultural University project seeks to extend shelf life of fruits", "text": "COIMBATORE: The sight of rotten mangoes and bananas may soon be a thing of the past according to P Murugesa Boopathi, vice-chancellor of the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU). He was delivering the presidential address at the Inception Workshop of a two-year project pertaining to Enhanced Preservation of Fruits in South Asia , at the university on Tuesday.\"At present India is the second largest producer of fruits and stands first in producing mangoes, bananas, and a few other fruits. About 40 percent of our fruits are lost during transport and storage. To prevent this from happening, we are working on a project based on nanotechnology which will help increase the shelf-life of fruits,\" he said.K S Subramanian, head of the department of Nano Science and Technology, who is involved in the project said that the University of Guelph, Canada discovered that hexanal, a chemical extracted from plants could successfully enhance the shelf-life and quality of fruits and vegetables. A researcher at TNAU has come with a nano-film, he said.\"A combination of these two technologies could help develop a nano film with hexanal, which will improve the longevity of these fruits. Through this technology, around 30 percent of the losses could be avoided. This will improve the export of fruits and vegetables and increase the sales of fruits making farming more economically viable,\" he said. Subramanian said that they would first be applied on mangoes and later on other fruits, based on its success.He said that this will be an eco-friendly product. \"Hexanal has been approved by United States based, FDA ( Food and Drug Administration ). This has gone through the most stringent process of verification. The chemical which will be packaged into a nano-film here which may be developed from bananas or coconuts and will be bio-degradable and eco-friendly,\" he stressed.Murugesa Boopathi said that the project which will be funded by the Canada-based International Food Security Research Fund (CIFSRF) will be conducted in association with the University of Guelph Canada, and the Industrial Technology Institute (ITI), Sri Lanka . He said that they expect the project to bear fruit in two years. \"We hope this will help farmers,\" he added.Public Private Partnerships best for farmersPublic Private Partnerships (PPP) will help agriculture sector to progress, said Vijayan Nair, director, Sugarcane Breeding Institute. He was delivering the keynote address to the industry meet of state agriculture universities, Indian Council of Agricultural Research and Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) to discuss possible collaboration between the industry and agricultural institutions at Tamil Nadu Agricultural University (TNAU). Vijayan said as farmers nowadays are willing to invest in technologies related to agriculture, the private sector can help in taking the developments to the farmers. P Subbian, registrar, TNAU, said \"industries by cooperating with the academia can come up with solutions for farmers. They can take the developments of the academia to the markets.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12875450", "title": "Government to hold 'Swasthya Mahakumbh'", "text": "PATNA: The state government is all set to hold a three-day 'Swasthya Mahakumbh', at Bhagalpur from April 28, on the conclusion of the ongoing 'Jan Swasthya Chetna Yatra', undertaken by health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey early in January this year.The three-month long yatra, covered over 11,000 villages across the state and benefited over one crore people who came to different camps, Choubey said here on Wednesday. \"I, personally, visited 112 places in 23 districts,\" he said, adding the yatra was immensely successful in its mission of creating mass awareness among people towards their general well-being.The Mahakumbh would be attended by the governor along with the deputy CM, a host of state ministers and doctors from across the country. CM Nitish Kumar is also expected to attend the event, he said, adding Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has also been invited, though his consent is still awaited. Others attending the function are Baba Ramdev, Swami Niranjananand of Munger Yoga Vidyapeeth, eminent cardiologist Dr Naresh Trehan and Bhojpuri singer Manoj Tiwary .Doctors from New Delhi, Mumbai and other places are also coming. The minister said that camps would be set up at Bhagalpur where on the spot investigations would be carried out by doctors of the state and those coming from outside. Seminars would also be organized on the occasion on how to improve the medicare facilities in Bihar. 'Nukkad' plays to generate awareness about Aids and cancer among common people would be staged, too.Choubey also announced that CT scan and MRI centres would soon be opened at all the six government medical colleges in the state, technical bids for which has already been issued. The centres would be made functional within three months, he said. With regard to plying of private ambulances defying the set norms, he said that curbs would be placed on them.On security issues, the minister said that ex-servicemen would be employed for security purposes at different government hospitals across the state. Taking a tough stance on such doctors who mislead the patients to get admitted to private nursing homes, Choubey said that strict legal action would be taken against them. Ironically, the health department itself does not know the exact number of private nursing homes running in the state. Once the Bihar Clinical Establishment (Registration and Regulation) Act comes into force, this number would be obtained, said principal secretary, health Amarjeet Sinha.Beginning this May, campus placement would be done at auxiliary nursing and midwifery (ANM) colleges in the state and those who have passed matric and Intermediate would be imparted training for ANM courses, as the state faces shortage of nurses , Choubey said. However, there was a silver lining as this year more than six crore people visited different PHCs for treatment which shows strengthening of health services in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12874912", "title": "Officers on toes, prevent two minors from being married", "text": "BHOPAL: Officials of the woman and child welfare department were on their toes throughout the day on Akshya Tithiya looking for child marriages and trying to prevent them. On a tip off, the authorities foiled weddings of two teenaged brides.In one case, the officials had to even dig out school records to ascertain the correct age of the girl, who was a minor.Throughout the day, the telephone of district woman and child welfare department kept ringing. There were large numbers of calls that informed about child marriages. Most of them turned out to be hoax.When they followed one such case, it turned out to be true.Anurag Joshi, project officer got complaints from Parwalia Sadak, after which he and his supervisor went there to intervene.\"A minor girl from Bhopal, aged about 15 was taken by her parents to participate in a mass wedding ceremony at Narsinghgarh in Rajgarh district by her parents on Tuesday. By the time we arrived there, the wedding party had already left. Once we apprised them of the legal consequences, the father Ramchandra Thakur signed an undertaking that the girl would be married off only after the age of 18,\" said Joshi.\"We went to the girl's school and pulled out the records, which showed her to be 15 years of age. My supervisor stayed back to monitor the events. The marriage party returned later in the day,\" he explained.The other marriage where project officer woman and child welfare department Alok Shrivastava intervened was in the Kolar area. Mass marriage of the Khati community was underway in this locality.Shrivastava said, \"The bride named Pinki hailed from Sehore. When the officials asked the family to provide details about the age of the bride, the family was unable to do so. Also the girl looked to be very young. The organisers along with the groom's family agreed to call off the marriage of the girl. A total of 18 marriages were being held of which 17 had valid document proof.\"District woman and child development officer, Naqi Jahan Qureshi, talking to TOI said, \"On Tuesday, our project officer successfully intervened at Parwalia Sadak in Bhopal and were able to bring the girl back. Another marriage was stopped as the girl looked to be a minor and was unable to produce any age proof.\"Collector Nikunj Shrivastava said the district child marriage prevention officer under Child Marriages Prevention Act said, \"Seven committees had been formed headed by the respective SDMs to keep an eye on mass marriages.\"Qureshi added that since morning the office was flooded with calls but most turned out to be hoax or cases of personal vendetta. Women and Child Development Department had formed 10 flying squads to crack down on child marriages held in large numbers on this auspicious day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12878232", "title": "Now, an app to access files on Google Drive", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cloud computing company nivio today announced the launch of 'nivio for Google Drive app', an application that will allow users to access files stored on Google's cloud storage through any connected device.\"The application allows users to open and edit Microsoft Office files in their Google Drive with full access to Microsoft Office 2010 applications in any HTML5 browser, on any connected device,\" Sachin Dev Duggal, Founder and Chief Wizard at nivio told reporters.Google Drive is the newly launched cloud storage service by the global search giant.nivio sees huge scope for cloud computing services in the country and would be mainly targeting students and SMEs for their services.\"India is important to us because not only a large portion on technology is developed here but also we believe that in medium-term, India will be a big cloud consumption market,\" he said.On the company's hiring plans, Duggal said: \"We are about 90 people here right now and I think we would probably grow to 130-140 in the next year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12877625", "title": "DJ Savyo back in Jannat 2", "text": "After the official remix of 'Jo Tere Sang' from Vishal Mahadkar's 'Blood Money', Kerala's favourite DJ Savyo is back again with the remix of 'Tera Deedar Hua', in Mahesh Bhatt's upcoming flick Jannat 2.Sung by Raheth Fateh Ali Khan, Pritam has composed the music, while Ribin has programmed the remix version of the song. Jannat 2 , starring Emran Hashmi , is set for a May 4 release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873580", "title": "Congress won\u2019t stake claim, BJP ready to control South", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress has decided not to stake its claim to lead South Delhi municipal corporation. The party will not field any candidate for the post of mayor.BJP, with maximum number of councillors in South and a majority in the other two municipalities, now plans to declare its candidates for the post of mayor for North, South and East corporations on Thursday, the last day of nomination.BJP claimed it had the numbers to muster support of 58 councillors in South corporation. \"We have the support of 12 independents. For now, no one is joining us but they will support us from outside. We are also talking to other parties like BSP to strengthen our position as a party with a clear majority,\" said BJP state president Vijender Gupta.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Tuesday told TOI she was opposed to staking claim in the South corporation as the mandate of the people was not in favour of Congress there. DPCC president JP Aggarwal, who had refrained from airing his opinion on the issue on Tuesday, took a stand on Wednesday. He said, \"People's mandate is with BJP and we will not stake claim by garnering support from other councillors.\"Senior leaders at a Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee (DPCC) meeting said the mandate of the people was with BJP, as it had 44 seats compared to 29 councillors of the Congress. The leaders felt there was no point in trying to put together an unstable coalition that may spell more chaos.The meeting, chaired by DPCC president JP Aggarwal, was convened to take a decision on selecting a candidate to contest for the position of mayor.It ended with the consensus that the party should not stake claim to South corporation. West Delhi MP Mahabal Mishra, east Delhi MP Sandeep Dikshit and south Delhi MP Ramesh Kumar were present at the meeting. New Delhi MP Ajay Maken, who was not present at the meeting, is learnt to have conveyed his agreement with the decision.On Tuesday, chief minister Sheila Dikshit had said, \"People have given BJP the mandate. I don't think there is any point in making a pitch for power by getting the maths in place for a Congress-led South Delhi corporation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873546", "title": "Foodgrain scam:CBI quizzes Daljeet Singh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee demands stringent action against all politicians and officials involved in the Foodgrain scam, the CBI questioned the Congress leader and transporter Daljeet Singh in connection with the scam. Daljeet is on a three-day CBI remand since Tuesday following his arrest on Monday.The UPCC president Rita Bahuguna Joshi, in a press release issued on Wednesday, said that the scam took place during the regime of the regional parties and demanded stringent action against every one involved in the case. The press statement came two days after the CBI arrested a member of the executive committee of the party and former general secretary of the UPCC Daljeet Singh in connection with the scam. The party sacked Daljeet from the party's primary membership the next day.Supposedly close to Joshi and another senior Congress leader, who is a minister in the Union cabinet at present, Daljeet is a transporter by profession and owned a fleet of trucks which were supposedly hired from transportation of the foodgrain from government godowns to the open market.On a three-day CBI custody remand starting Tuesday morning, Daljeet was questioned by investigators about the individuals who hired his services for shifting of the thousands of tons of foodgrain.For a quick recap, the scam took place during the previous Samajawadi Party (SP) regime in Uttar Pradesh where thousands of tons of foodgrain made available by the government on highly subsidized rates for distribution to the below poverty line (BPL) families through public distribution system (PDS) network. The scam is said to have continued from 2004 to 2006 and was estimated to be worth Rs 2 lakh crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12873064", "title": "Trichy scientists win national honours", "text": "TRICHY: Three scientists attached to the Trichy-based National Research Centre for Banana (NRCB), were honoured with fellowship awards by the Association for Improvement in Production and Utilization of Banana (AIPUB) recently, at a function held in Maharashtra.\"I feel elated. It means more credits and more feathers in our cap,\" said M M Mustaffa, director of NRCB.The three scientists, R Thangavelu, who works on various aspects of disease management of bananas, B Padmanaban, principal scientist (agricultural entomology) and V Kumar, who started his career as a horticultural scientist at the Indian Institute of Horticultural Research in Bangalore in 1991, joined the NRCB in 1996.Mustaffa said 10 scientists were recommended by the screening committee to AIPUB for the fellowship award that was presented at the national-level. The NRCB bagged three of them at a national conference on bananas with the theme \"Adaption to climate change for sustained production of banana,\" held in Maharashtra. NRCB had earlier bagged four awards in 2008.Thangavelu had already received the prestigious Jawaharlal Nehru award for the best PhD research in crop protection in 2003. He was also awarded the long-term overseas biotechnology fellowship in 2006, and worked in Brisbane , Australia for his post-doctorate on 'fusarium wilt' in 2007-2008. He was also awarded the best writer award in 2010 by the then Tamil Nadu chief minister for his book on bananas in Tamil.Thangavelu developed a spray schedule for the effective management of eumusae leaf spot disease in bananas, which is being followed in all banana-growing states in India. Thangavelu said his area of specialization was the screening of germplasm, for their resistance to diseases, molecular characterization of various pathogens of banana and non-chemical method of management of diseases that affect bananas.Kumar had standardized technology for organic banana production, high-density planting, drip techniques and integrated weed management for enhancing the production and productivity of different commercial cultivars of banana.Padmanaban commercialized the \"beauveria bassaiana,\" a method that helps avoid the accumulation of fungicides on crops, as well as in the environment without use of chemicals. Called technology in a carry bag, the liquid is applied on the stem for effective control of banana weevils and aphids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12878180", "title": "Arjun turns cop for Prakash Jha\u2019s Chakravyuh", "text": "The actor wears a short crop and a moustache for his role in Prakash Jha's ChakravyuhRampal confirmed the news and said, \"I play Adil Khan who is the fourth generation cop of his family. He is based in Bhopal and fights the naxalites. We wanted a typical cop and Prakash thought I should sport a moustache. Thankfully, I had ample time to grow one. Then I chopped my hair and Prakash loved the package.\"He added, \"Prakash makes all his characters real as we all know and I just had to maintain my hair cut. I am very kicked about the role and wanted to do something interesting for it. Apart from being the lead, it's a layered character I play.\"In Elan too Rampal had essayed a cop who is no longer with the force. \"It's an exciting phase in my career and it's an exciting role,\" said the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12875059", "title": "Local body constituency Maharashtra Legislative Council polls on May 25", "text": "AMRAVATI: The biennial election of the Maharashtra Legislative Council from six local body constituencies including Amravati will be held May 25. With the declaration of the polls by election commission on Monday, the model code of conduct has been enforced in Amravati.The term of office of six members of Maharashtra Legislative Council from six Local constituencies is going to expire in two months. The Biennial elections of Amravati, Wardha-Chandrapur-Gadchiroli, Parbhani-Hingoli, Osmanabad-Latur-Beed, Nashik and Raigad-Ratnagiri-Sindhudurg has been scheduled on May 25. Election Commission has declared its election plan on April 23 through a press release after which model code of conduct has been enforced in all six legislative councils.In the schedule of election declared by the election commission, election has slated on May 25 while interested candidates can file their nomination till May 7. Scrutiny of the nomination forms will be held on May 8 while candidates can withdraw their nomination until May 10. Elections will be conducted on May 25 and counting will be held on May 28.In Amravati local authority council there are 398 voters. Ninety-two voters are from Amravati Municipal Corporation while 73 voters are from Amravati Zilla Parishad, 19 from Chikhaldara, 61 from Achalpur and Chandur Bazar, 50 from Daryapur and Anjangaon Surji tehsil, 65 from Morshi and Warud tehsil and 38 voters will be from Chandur Railway tehsil, said election officer Ravindra Dhurjad. The election will be held from seven polling booths in the district.District collector Rahul Mahiwal said the administration will film the public meetings and election process to keep tab on use of unfair means during the election, said Mahiwal.Sitting MLC Jagdish Gupta of Amravati constituency, whose term expires on June 21, was expelled last year from Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for his anti-party activities during the graduate constituency elections but Gupta did not relinquish his post. Instead, he formed a front Jankalyan Aghadi during Amravati Municipal Corporation polls and joined hands with his political rival and expelled Congressman Dr Sunil Deshmukh. Their alliance together succeeded in getting seven seats of which two seats were of Jankalyan Aghadi formed by Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12875670", "title": "Govt opens case it had itself closed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana police may have reopened a case of abetment to suicide against whistleblower IFS officer Sanjiv Chaturvedi, but he was given clean chit by the same department in the same case in 2010.The cancellation report filed by the police in 2010 -- accessed by TOI -- states that \"no truth was found in the charges (leveled against Chaturvedi).\" The report had also made it clear that Sanjeev Tomar, 35, a forest range officer, had committed suicide after consuming liquor. Tomar was found dead in his official residence in Jhajjar on December 14, 2009.The cancellation report was prepared by then SHO of Jhajjar police station, Ajmer Singh on November 8, 2010, on the basis of an inquiry conducted by a DSP and a sub inspector. Submitting the cancellation report in the case, the SHO had stated, \"During the investigation, the investigators analyzed the reports of forensic scientific laboratory, handwriting experts, body's postmortem and scene of crime, phone calls, SMSs and the departmental action initiated action against Sanjeev Tomar by the department.\"Ram Pal Tomar had suspected that his son was killed and had alleged in the complaint that two persons were seen by the forest employees leaving his son's house on the day he died. According to the police report, Tomar had stated that Promila, who used to live with Sanjeev Tomar, used to harass his son and forced him to die.The police had also recovered a 'suicide note' which also had a mention of Chaturvedi, which led to an FIR against Chaturvedi and Promila. Sanjeev Tomar was also among around 40 officials who were suspended in connection with a plantation scam in 2009 when Chaturvedi was posted as DFO, Jhajjar.A 2002 batch IFS officer, Sanjeev Chaturvedi had exposed various irregularities in forest department from 2007 to 2010. The President had intervened to revoke his suspension and chargesheet issued by the Haryana government respectively in 2008 and 2010.Haryana police on January 25, 2012 re-opened the case against Chaturvedi after Ram Pal Tomar gave representations to various police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873385", "title": "Murdered woman identified by tattoo", "text": "NEW DELHI: The woman found dead near a Metro pillar in Nehru Place on Tuesday has been identified as a 22-year-old reported missing from Rohini since April 23. Her name is being withheld as police suspect she might have been sexually assaulted and murdered.Police said the victim was identified by a man's name tattooed on her right hand. The man, who claimed to be her husband, had reported her missing at the KN Katju Marg police station in the outer Delhi area on Tuesday. Police are now investigating whether the man had any role to play in the crime, but senior officers of southeast district refused to comment on this. Addl DCP Meghna Yadav did not answer TOI's repeated phone calls.Sources said forensics experts are also examining the pair of jeans found near the body. In his report about her going missing, the man had stated that the woman was last seen wearing a black salwar suit whereas the cops found a pair of jeans but no salwar at the site. Sources said the jeans could belong to the killer.Going by the circumstances of the case, police strongly suspect the woman was sexually assaulted before the murder. Officials also said she might have been dumped from a moving vehicle.\"A case under section 302 of IPC has been registered at the Kalkaji police station. The body has been identified as that of a 22-year-old resident of Rohini. We are investigating the case. The victim's postmortem was done in the presence of her family members and the body has been handed over to them,\" an officer said.The woman is survived by her mother, an elder sister who is married, and an elder brother. The man she lived with is a three-wheeler driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873368", "title": "Flyers won\u2019t have to pay more if tickets booked before order", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come May 15 and domestic and international passenger will have to shell out extra money in the form of a new user development fee (UDF). The government has also allowed Delhi airport to hike landing-parking charges levied on airlines by 346%. Airport Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) chief Yashwant Bhave said people who have booked tickets before the order was issued for travelling after May 15 won't have to pay UDF at the airport. \"UDF was not included in the tickets before the order was issued. We do not expect DIAL to set up counters at the airport to collect UDF from such passengers. This was done once at the new Hyderabad airport and the result was not satisfactory,\" Bhave said.DIAL has been allowed to make good the losses it suffers by not charging UDF from passengers who fly between May 15 and June 30 in the next order to be issued for the period 2014-19.DIAL, on its part, said, \"Considering that the charges were stagnant for the last decade (since 2001), the revision of charges is much below our expectations. Tariff calculations show that the approximate increase in ticket pricing on account of passenger fee per passenger, for the year 2012-13, works out to Rs 290 on an average for domestic and Rs 580 on an average for international...The current aero tariffs levied in Delhi are amongst the lowest in the world.\" This didn't factor in the 346% hike in landing-parking charges.International Air Transport Association , meanwhile, said in a statement: \"This (hike) will make Delhi world's most expensive airport. It will also have a larger impact on India and its economy, with an expected 5-8% decrease in demand at Delhi...This is a big step backwards for Delhi's ambition to be an aviation hub.\" The statement asked the aviation ministry to step in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12873790", "title": "Dakshina Kannada reserve forests, a safe haven for Naxalites?", "text": "MANGALORE: Have Naxalites made reserve forests of Dakshina Kannada a safe haven for their cadres from Tamilnadu, Kerala and Karnataka? Documents seized from a Naxal camp in Malavanthige in Belthangady taluk, which is with Intelligence Bureau (IB), hint that reserve forest of Belthangady is becoming a hotbed for Left-wing extremist groups.According to intelligence sources, the region has not been used for conducting training camps or any such activities to gain support to the movement, but it has been used as a safe haven for Naxalites.What has emerged from the available intelligence report is that region has a considerable support base for the movement and cadres from other parts of the country come here for a retreat. The literature seized from Malavanthige has a list of commands for Naxalites to follow during the training. It asks the cadres to follow a strict exercise regimen, to learn to speak and write Kannada fluently, to be vigilant, to keep an eye on enemy, and not to occupy one place for too long and keep moving.On war strategy, the literature instructs that self-defence and elimination of enemies are the two steps that determine everything. \"Prepare a map and strategy for the war, gather information about enemy and prepare plan for distribution, centralization and decentralization of force,\" it reads.The copy of balance sheet seized from the camp shows that they had spent Rs 15,300 for food, medicine, camp and other expenses during the period between November 16, 2011 and February 14, 2012. Old balance was shown as Rs 16,166 and after deducting the expenses, the balance was only Rs 866. On discipline, the literature says, \"Discipline is equally applicable for cadres starting from leaders to members.\"Anti-Naxal Force inspector general of police Alok Kumar told TOI that they were yet to conclude whether the camp in Malavanthige and neighbouring areas were only safe havens for Naxalites. Regarding cadres from other states taking shelter in the district, he said that the matter was yet to be investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12874678", "title": "Maoists to free MLA as he agrees to quit", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Opening a new chapter in abduction demands, Maoists in Odisha on Wednesday said they would free ruling Biju Janata Dal MLA Jhina Hikaka on Thursday since he had agreed to their demand to quit from the assembly. This is in addition to the demand for release of Maoists from state jails.Sources quoted a Maoist emissary as saying that Hikaka had agreed to resign immediately on his release.Maoists from the Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee had kidnapped Hikaka from his constituency Laxmipur on March 23 while he was returning home.The indication of an end to the crisis came on Wednesday morning when a Maoist identifying herself as Aruna called a Koraput lawyer, and spoke of the release terms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "secunderabad", "code": "12873844", "title": "Work to begin soon on 30-bed hospital in Cantonment", "text": "SECUNDERABAD: After being in cold storage for nearly five years, civil works of the proposed 30-bed general hospital at Bolarum in the Secunderabad Cantonment area may start in June.Secunderabad Cantonment Board authorities on Wednesday opened tenders and found four bids to build the Rs 5.20-crore health facility.\"We received four tenders for the proposed hospital. Of them, M/s DEC Infrastructures and Projects (India) Pvt Ltd's bid was the lowest. We have selected the firm as successful bidder and forwarded it to Garrison Engineers for verification and issuing of final orders,\" a senior SCB official told TOI.The proposed hospital would have labour and consultation rooms besides residential quarters for doctors along with a mortuary, it was learnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12875081", "title": "Mall rentals surge in city, vacancies too", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When it comes to realty, Ahmedabad is a city of paradoxes. On the one hand, Ahmedabad saw the highest rise in mall rentals between January and March this year compared to the previous quarter. But, it also saw the highest mall vacancies among eight cities across the country, covered in a report by a realty consultancy.While rentals remained stable nationally, Ahmedabad bucked the trend due to renewed interest of retailers, says a report by Cushman &amp; Wakefield. The study covered retail spaces in malls and posh areas across Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and the four metros.\"Ahmedabad suffered from lack of quality mall space but in the last quarter Vastrapur saw throbbing leasing activity on account of quality development. The increase in rentals in Vastrapur was 33%, the highest in the country for the first quarter,\" says the report. However, vacancies in city malls stood at 36% with some of the older malls being worst-hit.Local developers say not just Vastrapur, well-maintained malls have found takers across the city. With the overall volatility in the retail sector, mall owners attracted retailers with revenue sharing model.\"Developers who haven't sold out mall space are in a better position,\" said developer Pranav Shah, who has built a large mall in Satellite. The three-year old mall has more than 85% of its 2.14 lakh square feet retail space on lease.In the first quarter, demand for retail space in areas like CG Road and Satellite came from telecom and banking and finance sectors.\"Vastrapur saw active mall space leasing only last year. Overall, the ailing retail sector reflects on Ahmedabad's mall space, where majority of the small and medium malls see no life,\" said Shrenik Shah, CEO, Ahmedabad-based Space Management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "12875315", "title": "Chaudharys welcome 2 kittens", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: It has been eight years since the Chaudharys of Sarabha Nagar started keeping a cat as a pet and on April 23, the family welcomed fifth generation kittens of their first cat. Sippy, their two-year-old female cat, gave birth to two offsprings, taking the number of cats in the family to four.Owner of these these agile pets Arun Chaudhary says this is the second time Sippy has given birth as she had earlier given birth to two kittens in 2011, of which one had died due to an electric shock. \"My father Amar Singh had brought an injured cat to our house eight years ago. We have taken care of its generations so far,'' says Arun.There have been time when the Chaudhary residence has had eight cats at home. \"The new born have different colour. One is completely black while the other has a white fur with black spots,'' says Arun.Sippy and its clan share a special bond with the family. Since they realized their cat was expecting, they took proper care of it. The pets eat and sleep with the family.It was a hard time for the family when one of their cats was electrocuted a few months ago. \"There are many superstitions associated with cats, but we refute these notions. In fact these cats have been lucky for us,'' says Arun.Arun's sister Arpana says she too considers the cats lucky and feeds them milk, curd, roti and cat food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12875016", "title": "2,300 likes on \u2018Free Alex\u2019 FB page", "text": "BHOPAL: \" Free Alex Paul Menon\"; a Facebook page created by the family members and close friends of the abducted Sukma district collector is gaining popularity and has already got 2,300 likes.People commenting on the page have criticized the government and the Maoists for having double standards. \"Paul was relentlessly working for the uplift of the tribals. The Maoists also claim to work for the same. Then why this abduction?\" one of Menon's friends commented.Nazreen Peters, Alex's paternal aunt staying in the US and one of the creators of the page, told TOI, \"The page has been created to mobilise support from people across the world. \"Menon's family feels that the government's response has been slow. \"There is no big political backing for Alex in the state. he government is dragging the process over nothing. The family knows nothing about what is happening. Things would have been different had this happened in Tamil Nadu ,\" rued his aunt Nazreen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873813", "title": "Activists want govt to wait for SC guidelines", "text": "HYDERABAD: A recent observation by Supreme Court regarding drafting of guidelines to be followed in the appointment of information commissioners has brought cheer to RTI activists who have persistently been demanding a transparent procedure.While hearing an appeal pertaining to the appointment of Tamil Nadu information commissioners, on April 20, an apex court bench had said that it would soon lay down guidelines for the selection of information commissioners. It had indeed taken a strong exception to the manner in which candidates were being hand-picked without vacancies being first announced as per the RTI Act.State-based RTI activists have now appealed to the Kiran Kumar Reddy government to halt appointments until the SC announced guidelines. B Ramakrishnam Raju, convenor of the United Forum for RTI Campaign, said that they were going to submit a memorandum to the governor soon on this issue.\"Once we get a copy of the Supreme Court order, we will submit the same to the governor. We want the government to wait till the guidelines are issued and, then, make appointments accordingly,\" he said. Another RTI activist, CJ Karira, pointed out that the government may land in trouble once the guidelines do come out were it to act in haste on the question of appointments and go ahead without waiting for the SC order. \"The government can frame rules and guidelines for the appointment of information commissioners.Although we have been fighting for it, the state government is still to show any interest in taking up framing of rules,\" Karira said. \"The information commission is an institution of integrity and it is very important that commissioners should be hard-working individuals with clean records.\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873868", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation and R&B; keep DRDO waiting for compensation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even before the controversy over land compensation to the South Central Railway (SCR) could settle, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has landed itself in fresh trouble with defence organisation demanding cash compensation for land it lost due to the widening of the Inner Ring Road four years ago.Both the railways and the defence unit lost over 50,000 square metres each for road expansion for better connectivity and smooth flow of traffic to the new international airport in Shamshabad in 2008.Before the new international airport became operational, the state government had asked both GHMC and the roads and buildings (R&B;) department, since both have road control, to widen the 20km stretch of the Inner Ring Road to minimum 150 to 200 feet wide based on availability of land. The GHMC had widened the Mehdipatnam-Uppal stretch, while the R&B; took up expansion of the Uppal-Aramghar stretch.The road between Santoshnagar and Chandrayangutta stretch was widened to 200 feet by the R&B; department, but land acquisition was done by the GHMC all along the Inner Ring Road. Over 50,741 sq metres (about 12.53 acres) land - DRDL (25,500 sq metres), DLRL (8922), ANURAG (6,494 sq metres), Garrison Engineer (6,230 sq metres), ASL (2785 sq metres) and CDA (810 sq metres) - belonging to the Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) was taken over by the corporation in Kanchanbagh.Since the Uppal-Aramghar road stretch falls under the control of R&B; department, the principal secretary of Transport, Roads and Buildings (TR&B;) had given a letter to the DRDO saying equivalent land would be allotted in Rangareddy district to the defence organisation in lieu of the land it lost for road widening. A letter was sent to the RR district collector for allotment of land. However, the RR district administration replied saying there was no government land available with them.The DRDO officials met the chief secretary recently demanding cash compensation for the land taken over for widening of the road. With the compensation likely to run into several crores, the R&B; department and GHMC are passing the buck on paying the compensation. GHMC officials claim the corporation is in a financial crisis and do not have money to even fund ongoing works, while the R&B; department officials state they had only widened the road, but the land acquisition was done by the corporation.\"We have been asked to prepare preliminary estimates for the cash compensation to the land by getting both government land value and market value in the area,\" a GHMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12873823", "title": "Now, buses at doorstep in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: To make travel within the city easier, the Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) has now extended its services to cater to residential sectors in Greater Noida. Twenty buses that picked up passengers only from Pari Chowk to go to Noida or Delhi, will now circulate within residential and internal sectors across the city.Passengers, who earlier needed to come from their homes or offices to Pari Chowk to catch a bus to Noida or Delhi, can now get a bus from near their homes. To begin with, buses will go to areas like Sector P-3 near the Senior Citizens Society, P-7 near Judges Colony, Jalvayu Vihar, Amity Chowk, Jagat Farms and Knowledge Park.\"Till now, residents who wished to go to Delhi or Noida from areas like the Greater Noida Authority, Amity Chowk and Senior Citizens' Society had to first come to Pari Chowk to catch a bus since there was no direct route to the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. However, now, the buses pick them up from near their residences or place of work, saving them time and effort,\" said K K Sharma, UPSRTC assistant regional manager for the Greater Noida region.\"A total of 20 buses have been assigned for the new route but for now, we are running 15 buses. According to the new route, these buses do not need to touch Pari Chowk anymore. Instead, after picking up the passengers from their designated sectors, they will go to the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway via the underpass near Yamuna Expressway Authority,\" said an official.According to UPSRTC officials, the new service has received an \"encouraging feedback\" from the public and they will soon add more buses to the new schedule to cater to all the major sectors in the city.However, many residents are complaining that because buses have been assigned new routes, passengers at Pari Chowk are forced to wait for over half an hour for UPSRTC buses to go to Noida. Residents complain that while the UPSRTC buses have never actually stuck to a schedule, since last week, the frequency of buses has drastically reduced.Sharma though, claims that this problem is temporary one. \"The new schedule is not well advertised so many residents still wait at Pari Chowk. Besides, a total of 69 UPSRTC buses ply between Noida and Greater Noida at an interval of 12 minutes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875369", "title": "Three Naxal-sympathizers detained from jail gate", "text": "NAGPUR: A fresh controversy brewed on Wednesday after Gadchiroli police detained three alleged Naxal sympathizers immediately after they were released from Central jail here following their bail. The detained persons were not released till late evening, it is learnt.Manik Wadde, Jiwan Narote and Sampat Tumreti were arrested by Gadchiroli police on April 18 for their alleged act of setting a mobile phone tower on fire last year at Potegaon. The three, native of Jaller village around 10 km from Potegaon, were summoned to Potegaon Armed Outpost a day before the arrest. Advocate Jagdish Meshram, who is also an activist of Indian Association of Peoples' Lawyers (IAPL) and representing the three, said his clients were summoned for merely recording the statement but were held back at the outpost.\"My clients are poor farmers and were implicated in the case. They were illegally detained at the Armed Outpost before being arrested formally,\" he said. \"It is not clear what took the police more than a year to decide on the arrest,\" said Meshram.Meshram also informed that the Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC), Gadchiroli, granted bail to the three against a surety of Rs 15,000 each. \"There was no point in detaining them on the assurance of allowing them to go home. The police have already had their custody for questioning,\" he said.Gadchiroli police have faced flak for re-arresting alleged Naxals and their sympathizers from jail immediately upon release in different cases. Top-Naxal activist Arun Ferreira has filed a writ petition before the high Court highlighting dramatic arrests of the persons from the jail gate despite court granting them bail or even acquitting them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12875117", "title": "Sensitive find: US scientist finally locates elusive G-spot", "text": "WASHINGTON: A US gynecologist claims to have found the G-spot, a supposed pleasure center on the front interior wall of the vagina, but some critics say not so fast.In a study published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine on Wednesday, Adam Ostrzenski said he has confirmed the presence of the G-spot after extracting a tiny 'well-delineated sac structure' from inside an 83-year-old cadaver.\"This study confirmed the anatomic existence of the Gspot, which may lead to a better understanding and improvement of female sexual function,\" said Ostrzenski, of the Institute of Gynecology in St Petersburg, Florida .The G-spot, named after German gynecologist Ernst Graefenberg, who first mooted its existence in 1950, is said to be a highly sensitive area in the vagina that, when stimulated, gives a woman a powerful orgasm.But its location has been clouded by evidence that is subjective or contradictory, and some experts argue it does not exist. Critics have cast doubt on the latest finding as well, noting that the supposed G-spot only seems to provide arousal for some women and that its importance may be overstated by sex product marketers.\"It's a single case study involving one woman,\" sex researcher Herbenick said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874593", "title": "We're the world, Sewa women sing at 40", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For war widows of northeast Sri Lanka - who have no family wealth or alternate source of income - the Self Employed Women's Association (Sewa) training programme initiated by the Lankan government turned out to be a boon. These women beamed as they danced to their regional music as part of a programme to commemorate 40 years of Sewa, at the Mangaldas Town Hall on Wednesday. They are testimony to Sewa's capacity to change lives.\"After losing everything, we were emotionally disturbed and didn't know how to overcome the trauma,\" says Ragini Akhila who is in the city along with other members from the Sri Lanka Sabha - a sister organization of Sewa. \"The financial burden of looking after the household added to the distress. But Sewa's activities imbibed in us high confidence along with the power of self-reliance. Now I can fulfill my aim to ensure that my children receive good education.\"Along with international members from Afghanistan , Bhutan and Nepal, Sewa members from Kashmir, Assam, Meghalaya were present. They added their regional colour to the stage. The common thread binding the performances and the experience of the women was their triumph over struggles and strife.Sewa has been developing trade-facilitation centres in several states, identifying local skills and occupations and developing micro-enterprises - like food processing, textiles, garment making, embroidery, solar lanterns, greenhouses and vermi-compost units.\"Though we belong to a matrilinear society, women live in oppressive conditions; hence they are often not independent. Getting acquainted with Sewa has given confidence to many women,\" says Bari Khongjoh. \"Meghalaya has very fertile land, but the produce is not effectively linked with the market. The training we received in Sewa is helping us develop these market linkages.\"Members from Assam and Kashmir have similar stories to share. \"Many people were leaving villages to seek employment,\" says Milani Bhatmosumatari from Sonitpur, an interior village in Assam. \"Meeting other Sewa women has been very motivational. It has changed our attitude.\" She said that with the help of Sewa, employment patterns in her area had changed. Sewa has been working with women in Assam since 2007, focusing on developing organic tea and native textile industry with the help of some new public-private partnerships.Because of factors like religion, culture and militancy, Kashmiri women skilled in 'kadai' work did not pursue their vocation professionally. Sewa has provided them with managerial training.Welcoming the various Sewamembers, Sewa founder Ela Bhatt spoke about the Sewa philosophy. She said that it was important to work together \"to build a stronger, value based Sewa movement- with more than 5 million members, including the younger generation daughters and daughter -in-laws of our members, who will shape the future of Sewa, with their aspirations yet imbibing the same values and philosophy.\"Box 1:Classical commemorationThe classical singer Shubha Mudgal dedicated her hour-long performance to all the women of Sewa. Celebrating 40 years of self-reliance, the association hosted an evening dedicated to music and culture. Another performance was by Buddhist monk and Nepali singer Ani Choying Drolma, who sang of women as peacemakers.SAARC on radarOrganizing 20,000 women, Sewa along with Homenet Asia, is developing 'Sabhas' - trade-facilitating centers - in the seven SAARC countries of South Asia. The sabhas work on the Sewa model, identifying local skills that can be developed into economic opportunities. There are over 50 billion home-based workers in South Asia.Pratimha Tshanang, 30, Nepal\"Sabha Nepal has given direction to our skills and crafts. Women in Nepal are good at embroidery, knitting, weaving - especially the Dhaka weave. The three-year association with Sewa has increased employment opportunities. Our individual income levels have gone up too.\"Amida Jaan, 42, Afghanistan\"I encountered Sewa through our ministry of women's affairs. In the post-war Kabul , most families had single income and many mouths to feed. Many self-employed women like me are now confident and self-reliant. We have also started saving money with the Sewa bank. Also, we want to spread the learning from Sewa amid women from other parts of my country.\"Kezang Wangmo, 33, Bhutan\"Turmeric, amla and ginger always grew in our backyards. After the training programme at Sewa, we began to process them as candies and juices and to sell them at our local market. We have become efficient at costing these items, hence we do not incur losses like we used to. This has given us economic independence and confidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12875517", "title": "Bank guard's gun goes off accidentally", "text": "GONDIA: An accidental shot fired from a guard's gun at a private bank led to panic among customers and bank officials on April 25. Branch manager Nanesh Khan said that around 12.30pm, the bullet shattered the glass door. Fortunately, there were no casualties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874391", "title": "Illegal speed breakers on city roads to be demolished", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) in coordination with the city traffic police has decided to carry out a survey of illegal speed breakers in various parts of the city.The internal city roads will also be surveyed. It was in the wee hours of Tuesday when the joyride turned deadly for two youths from Nepal , who worked as security guards in the city. Four youths were riding a bike when their vehicle went out of control after hitting a speed breaker near Manav Mandir.The incident has not been the first where hue and cry about speed breakers has been raised. Rumble bumps near Gujarat University and Physical Research Laboratory constructed overnight by private entities have also sparked anger. These bumps continue on the pretext that they were on a private road.\"Speed breakers on the internal road pose a danger as they are constructed without any specification,\" said an AMC official.\"The traffic department is likely to submit its report to the AMC within a week after which the speed breakers will be demolished,\" Hitesh Contractor, additional city engineer.He said that the drive against such speed breakers is expected to start by the first week of May, adding no bumps constructed with AMC's permission will be allowed on city roads.A senior AMC officer said after frequent pile-ups at Sola Fly over, it was found that the speed breaker was the main culprit and after they were removed, the number of accidents came down drastically. He said that the same method will be adopted for other such speed breakers.Some accident-prone spots in the city will also be identified and if it is noticed that speed breakers are the reason, they will be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874498", "title": "JDA files case against telco", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Wednesday filed a complaint at Jyoti Nagar police station against a private telecom company for digging up roads without taking prior permission. The officials claimed the road was dug by the telecom company at 20 different sites on major city routes for laying cables.A senior JDA official said the enforcement cell has filed the complaint after a report by the engineering wing identified the spots. \"The exchequer has incurred a loss of Rs1 lakh. The roads had been recently repaired, and therefore, it was necessary to file a complaint,\" the official said.Roads were dug near important places such Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC) office and Housing and Urban Development Corporation office.The state government had recently issued an order stating that no company is authorized to dig roads without prior permission by the civic authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873194", "title": "Footpaths almost invisible exists near Shivajinagar state bus depot", "text": "PUNE: The area around the Shivajinagar state transport bus depot has no structure that can be defined as a footpath.At the Narveer Tanajiwadi depot, the side margins on the road (since footpath at this stretch is non-existent) are occupied by vendors and parked cars. A fleet of local buses, too, take shelter under the trees. Pedestrians literally have to walk in the middle of the road, mindful of the vehicles whizzing past them. Santosh Rai, a pedestrian, said, \"It is crazy walking on this stretch. Lack of pavements on either side of the stretch forces us to take risks by walking in the middle of the road. Cars and buses are parked where pavements ought to be.\"Matters only become worse as one approaches the Shivajinagar bus depot. There are never-ending roadside shops and eateries on the pavement and with travel agents setting up their stalls on whatever is left of the pavement, pedestrians would have to be experts in hurdle race to negotiate this stretch. The usual suspects like trees, streetlights and electric junction boxes have made their presence felt here as well. But, they are not an anomaly because their presence is prevalent on all roadsides of the city. Prabhakar Mendke, a local mechanic, said, \"There should be footpaths, especially in such a congested area. Instead, the footpaths are taken over by parked vehicles and eateries. Merely the thought of crossing this stretch makes me feel tired.\"Head of the anti-encroachment department of Pune municipal corporation and officer on special duty, Ramesh Shelar, said, \"We have already started removing encroachments from the area. Temporary structures, debris and garbage will be removed soon. While removal of permanent structures will take some time, we are already trying to formulate a policy to make footpaths obstruction-free for walkers.\"Local corporator Narendra Kulkarni did not respond to this reporter's telephone calls. Ghole Road ward officer Vijay Landge, who is responsible for making footpaths obstruction-free within a month, is on leave till April 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873243", "title": "PCMC to finally table draft budget finally for approval", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation ( PCMC) will table its 2012-13 draft budget before the law committee for administrative approval.The civic administration tables the draft budget before the standing committee which approves it and sends it to the civic general body for approval. TThe general body can discuss and make changes in the budget before March 20 and give approval before March 31 so that the budget is implemented from April 1. This year, however, the municipal elections were held in February 2012 after which the state government asked the outgoing civic body not to take any policy decisions. The mayor was elected on March 13 and members of the standing committee were elected during the general body meeting on March 20. The chairman of the standing committee was elected on March 29.The civic administration began the implementation of the draft budget from April 1 using the special powers of the municipal commissioner.Ashish Sharma, municipal commissioner said, \"The civic administration will first table the draft budget before the law committee for administrative approval and later sent it to the general body. The general body or the law committee cannot make any changes in the draft budget as the budget is already being implemented.\"He said that the civic budget for 2012-13 would be uploaded on the civic body's website in a few days.Jagdish Shetty, chairman, standing committee said, \"We want the budget to be presented before the general body at the earliest so that the developmental works can begin. We wanted to have a special general body meeting for approving the budget but the administration did not agree.\"He said, \"The municipal commissioner will send projects with an expenditure of less than Rs 50 lakh to the law committee for approval, while projects needing expenditure of more than Rs 50 lakh will be sent to the general body. The law committee meeting will be held on May 8 while the general body meeting will be held on May 20.\"He said the administration would be able to invite bids for projects needing expenditure of less than Rs 50 lakh after May 15 and for projects needing expenditure of more than Rs 50 lakh after May 25.Mangala Kadam, party leader of Nationalist Congress Party said, \"Earlier too the civic general body had approved the budget without any discussion after the period for discussions had expired. The delay in approving the budget was caused by the municipal elections held this year.\"Kailas Kadam of the Congress and the opposition leader said that he did not receive a copy of the budget and cannot comment on it. Shrirang Barne, group leader of the Shiv Sena and RPI (Athavale group) said, \"If the general body has no powers to make changes, then the municipal commissioner should send the draft budget to the state government for approval.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12875554", "title": "Girl shot dead for spurning advances by classmate", "text": "KANPUR: Teenaged daughter of an ex-armyman was on Wednesday shot dead in her house in chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's hometown Etawah by her classmate for spurning his advances. The youth later attempted suicide by shooting himself but survived and is hospitalized in a critical condition.Ritu Singh (18) daughter of a retired army officer, Abhay Ram Singh Yadav, was shot at about 6 am in front of her niece Indu in Hajipura village in Bharthana township when her parents had gone to nearby fields to harvest crop. The accused, Brijendra alias Bablu, later attempted suicide by shooting himself at a desolate place about a kilometer from the murder spot.Locals said Bablu was having a one-sided affair with Ritu and when she repeatedly rejected his advances, he decided to kill the girl and end his own life.The girl's family said Bablu had been harassing Ritu for about a year and had also created a scene outside their college a few days ago.Circle Officer Janardan Tewari said the police were questioning the accused's family members. \"The incident took place when Ritu's parents had gone to the fields. As Ritu and her elder sister's daughter Indu were doing some household chores, accused Bablu arrived on the scene and entered into a scuffle with Ritu. He then whipped out a gun and fired at her at point blank range. Even as Indu shouted for help, Bablu escaped unchallenged.\"\"Later, Bablu reportedly shot himself and was found lying in a pool of blood about a kilometer from Ritu's house,\" the officer said adding, \"while Ritu was rushed to a nearby hospital where the doctors declared her brought dead, Bablu was battling for life at the District Hospital.\"Abhay Ram Singh Yadav said Bablu and Ritu were classmates and had also appeared in the recently concluded UP Board Inter exams.The Circle Officer said the weapon used in the murder has been recovered and the girl's father has lodged an FIR against Bablu under Section 302 of the IPC with the Kotwali police. The girl's body has been sent for post-mortem and investigations are underway, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12878070", "title": "Bihar proposes to set up 25 hydel power projects", "text": "PATNA: Heavily dependent on the Centre for supply of electricity and facing acute power shortage, Bihar has taken steps for setting up 25 hydel power projects for generating about 800 MW with the proposals at various stages of approval, official sources said.Bihar State Hydel Power Coporation Limited Managing Director A K Pandey told PTI that the state had at present 54 MW capacity hydel power plant and work was on at various stages for construction of different hydel power projects with generation capacity of 33 MW.\"Apart from these projects, the proposals for setting up 25 other hydel power projects with generation capacity of around 800 mw are at various stages and levels for according sanction\", Pandey said.Pandey informed that the state government had sent a proposal to the Centre with Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the long-cherished 130 mw Dagmara Hydel Power Project over River Kosi in Bihar's flood-prone Supaul district.\"We will be starting work on the project soon after receiving the go-ahead from the Centre\", he said.The Dagmara Hydel Power Project's fate hung in balance previously as the Central Electricity Authority had not given its nod to it keeping in view submergence of vast areas in bordering Nepal, he said.\"Now the project is proposed to be set up in the downstream of river Kosi and in keeping with the suggestions to the Centre about it, MS Wapkose prepared a revised Detailed Project Report and sent it the Central Electricity Authority for endorsement\", Pandey said.The World Bank and Asian Development Bank and Japanese financial institution JAICA too have evinced interest in the project, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12873231", "title": "Gold sales dip this Akshaya Tritiya", "text": "COIMBATORE: Unexpected summer showers, fluctuations in sovereign rates and overall slump in the gold sector resulted in a 30 to 40 per cent dip in overall gold sales for Akshaya Tritiya, when compared to last year, say city jewellers. The gold rate at present is Rs 2720 per gram while last year it was around Rs 2040.\"The sovereign rates reflected the overall sales of gold this year. We did not have a vibrant year when compared to 2011,\" said K Krishnamurthy, President, Jewellery owners association. It was the same situation in most jewellery outlets in the city.The sudden evening showers accompanied by strong winds on Tuesday evening forced several families to cancel their evening shopping plans and stay indoors. \"We had very few customers on Tuesday,\" said Ashok Kumar B Mehta, owner, Mehta Jewellery, Coimbatore.The jewellery outlets were hoping to cash in on Akshaya Tritiya. The dip in sales has affected the retail gold sector which recently received a blow when the 2012-2013 budget included a hike in customs duty for imported gold. \"The excise duty issue and the gold rate fluctuation have affected middle and high end gold traders,\" Mehta added.The city has 350 gold jewellery outlets registered with the association in addition to another 100 jewellery shops that are not registered, comprising medium and small scale gold traders.Meanwhile, postal department managed to ensure a comparatively better show on the auspicious day as they sold gold coins weighing 21.5 kilograms across the state. The department offers special Akshaya Tritiya coins weighing 5 to 50 grams through various state post offices. Over 70 post offices in the western region alone sold 7.45 kg of gold coins on Tuesday.The Head Post Office in RS Puram registered the maximum sale of 603 grams followed by Head Post Office in Pollachi and Coimbatore Head Post Office with 502 grams and 460 grams. \"The postal department offers gold coins to customers from April 4 to June 30 annually,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873613", "title": "History-sheeter shot in Aminabad", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a daring broad daylight incident, a 48-year-old history-sheeter was sprayed with bullets by two miscreants in front of Sadana Centre on crowded La Touche Road in Aminabad police station area on Wednesday afternoon. The two assailants were wearing helmets and escaped on a motorcycle after firing in the air.The incident sent a panic wave across the nearby areas. It has came when DIG Ashutosh Pandey shifted his focus on improving the policing by introducing novel concepts right from community to whistle policing. The slain history-sheeter was identified as Mohammad Younus alias Tenu, a resident of Ganne Wali Gali in Aminabad. Tenu was returning from Naka Hindola side.No sooner than Tenu reached in front of Sadana Centre, two motorcycle-borne miscreants wearing helmet intercepted him and opened fire on him.While two bullets hit Tenu on his head, three, according to eye witnesses hit him on his chest. Bleeding profusely, Tenu was rushed to Balrampur Hospital, where doctors declared him dead. Though no FIR was lodged till the filing of the news, the police after preliminary investigation said that old enmity over some property dispute could be the reason behind the killing of Tenu.The police sources also confirmed that at least two empty shells of 7.62 mm were found near the spot of the crime.Later talking to mediapersons, the DIG hinted towards a larger conspiracy. He also hinted that the crime could be the brainchild of some people residing in Machchli Mohaal area of Kaiserbagh. Citing reasons, the DIG said that people in that area and Mohammad Younus group were involved in a dispute over some property besides other old disputes. The dispute, it is said, has till now claimed more than six lives, the DIG said and added, however, it would be too early to jump to any conclusion. If confirmed, the police will have tough time putting hand on the Machhli Mohaal group as it is known to have more friends in the police than enemies. The people in the group have also been working as informer for the police and are known to be close to a cop who was close to a former police chief.Those who know Tenu and his rivalry with the group of Machhli Mohaal said that their rivalry dates back to early 80s. Before that Tenu and the Machhli Mohaal group leader were friends.It was mostly owing to this that Tenu's history-sheet was opened at Aminabad police station. As if this was not enough, his younger brother Mohd Anees also has history-sheet and so is the case with Tenu's youngest brother Mohd Saeed alias Papua Ghosi, who is also a former coprorator.Papua, the police said had been sentenced to life imprisonment in a case of murder in 2002. However, he was a parole since 2004, the police confirmed.The DIG said that anything concrete could be said only after an FIR is lodged by the family members of Tenu. Sources said that murder of Tenu either may put to end the old rivalry or may result in some serious reaction from the Tenu group. Meanwhile, apprehending tension following the murder, the DIG ordered deployment of PAC and police personnel in and around Machchli Mohaal area.A shopkeeper on Latouche Road said though murders can't be stopped, but the way it has been executed on a busy road in broad daylight reflects how law and order situation is turning from better to worse in the state capital especially at a time when the DIG himself has taken initiatives to improve policing to strengthen law and order situation in the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12874915", "title": "United Goans Democratic Party mopes over Mopa", "text": "MARGAO: Taking objection to the government's decision to go ahead with the Mopa airport, the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) has accused the BJP of working against the legacy of the late Matanhy Saldanha and has given the government an ultimatum of seven days to scrap the airport.While addressing mediapersons on Wednesday, UGDP vice-president Radharao Gracias and secretary general Anacleto Viegas threatened to launch a mass agitation from Dabolim if the government went ahead with work on the Mopa airport. Both Gracias and Viegas criticized the BJP government while alleging that the airport stood to benefit Maharashtra given its proximity to the neighbouring state and that such tactics to bring Goa and Maharashtra closer had been strongly opposed in the 'opinion poll'.They demanded that the BJP government make it clear if the late Saldanha had shifted his stance regarding the Mopa airport when he joined the party and appealed to Matanhy's wife Alina Saldanha to lead the agitation against the airport to protect her late husband's legacy.\"The UGDP wishes to point out that the late Matanhy Saldanha had throughout his life demanded that Dabolim airport should be Goa's civilian airport and had over the years agitated for the purpose and even on the floor of the House,\" said Viegas. He chose to remind the BJP that after the death of Saldanha, they had publicly committed to ensure that Saldanha's vision for Goa is fulfilled.\"BJP is cremating his vision and if the BJP has any respect for Matanhy it ought to forthwith reconsider and revoke its decision to build an airport at Mopa,\" said Gracias.Gracias pointed out that the new airport would pose a lot of problems to whose living at the border of Goa like Canacona and said that Goans will have to spend a lot of money just to travel from their homes to the airport.\"If Goa needs a new airport, it has to be centrally located which can be attained if the Navy is allotted Mopa airport and Dabolim converted into a fully-fledged civilian airport,\" added Viegas.The UGDP leaders further accused the BJP government of \"trying to hoodwink\" the people with false assurances and claimed that irrespective of any promises made, \"the Dabolim airport would shut down the moment the new airport at Mopa becomes functional\".\" It is so because the Dabolim civilian airport which has been usurped by the Indian Navy following Operation Vijay is presently permitted for limited civilian use only because there is no other airport in the state.\" said Gracias.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874237", "title": "Postal employees assault 58-yr-old", "text": "KOLKATA: A postmaster and two of his colleagues allegedly assaulted a 58-year-old man in Jadavpur area of south Kolkata on Wednesday morning. The victim, Dilip Ray, has lodged a complaint at Jadavpur police station. He is an employee of Jadavpur University.Dilip Ray, the victim, is an employee of Jadavpur University. is a resident of Anandapalli near Sulekha of Jadavpur.Ray's mother passed away on Tuesday. On Wednesday morning, he went to the Regent Estate Post office to submit an application for transfer of two Kishan Vikas Patras (KVP) of his mother, in his mother's name,to his name. Ray's wife said that on Tuesday her mother-in-law Niharbala passed away. She had two Kishan Vikash Patras (KVP) of which and Ray was the nominee of those. On Wednesday morning, Ray went to local the Regent Estate Post office to submit an application informing the authority about Niharbala's death and to transfer the KVPs in Ray's name.\"The postmaster asked him to wait. After waiting for nearly one hour, my husband started feeling unwell and went to the postmaster to request him to accept the application,\" said victim's wife. When the postmaster asked him to wait again, Dilip argued with him and a heated exchange followed. Two other employees of the post office joined in and the three then reportedly assaulted Dilip and threw him out of the office.The post master allegedly once again asked him to wait. When Dilip reportedly argued with the post master, a brawl broke out between them.Noticing the brawl, two other employees of the same post office allegedly came to Dilip and abused him. When Dilip protested three postal employees including the post master allegedly shoved him out of the post office premises and then assaulted him throwing him down on the road. \"We then went to Jadavpur police station and lodged complaint with police following medical examination of Dilip,\" said Dilip's wife. Police confirmed that they have received complaint against the postmaster and two other employees. The complainant Dilip is 58-years-old and is an employee of mechanical workshop of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12875559", "title": "Officer who cracked double murder of 98 helping police", "text": "The crime branch is taking the help of the police officer who cracked the 1998 double murder of Air India employee Anup Das and his father. Deputy commissioner of police Ambadas Pote, posted in Nagpur at present, said he and his team had a difficult time tracing Vijay Palande for that case and had to endure a patient wait of two months.Potes team caught Palandes relative while she was trying to withdraw money from a bank in Borivli, where she went with a cheque signed by the missing Das. The team did not let her realize that it was looking for Palande in connection with the Das case. It arrested Palande from a Juhu apartment. Palande had grabbed Dass apartment after killing him and asked his relative, who turned out to be his girlfriend Simran Sood, to stay there. He would visit the apartment occasionally. Potes team found several cheques signed by Das in the flat.Palande confessed to the crime only when the interrogator kept on asking repeatedly how he had so many cheques signed by Das. Palande told the police team that he killed Das and dumped his body at Kumbharli ghat. He also said that he killed Dass father and dumped the body in Satara. The police recovered the bodies and convicted Palande with the backing of strong evidence.Incidentally, in the Karan Kakkar case, Palande told the police he dumped the body at the same ghat.Report on Sanjay Shinde submittedAssistant commissioner of police Arvind Mahabadi on Wednesday submitted a confidential report against police inspector Sanjay Shinde, who helped brotherin-law Vijay Palande evade arrest, to JCP (crime) Himanshu Roy, who will forward it to police commissioner Arup Patnaik. Shinde and his associate, constable Amol Desphande, were suspended on Tuesday after a preliminary report of their involvement in the case was prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12878233", "title": "Sonakshi Sinha's cousin to make Bollywood debut", "text": "Actress Sonakshi Sinha's cousin Bhavna Ruparel has become the latest star sibling to make a Bollywood debut with 'Chalo Pichchur Banate Hai'.Actress Priyanka Chopra's cousin Parineeti last year walked into the tinsel town with Yash Raj Films' 'Ladies vs Ricky Behl'.Sonam Kapoor's cousin and Boney Kapoor's son, Arjun Kapoor debuted with 'Ishaqzaade' followed by Mahesh Bhatt's daughter Alia and David Dhawan's son Varun who announced their arrival into the celluloid with Karan Johar's 'Student of the Year' to name a few.Debutant director Pritish Chakraborty is casting Bhavna in his 'Chalo Pichchur Banate Hai'.\"It was through Facebook that I got this offer for the film. I went for auditioning and got selected. This was the first ever offer for a full-fledged acting debut that I received. I liked the script and my role and hence I gave my nod,\" Bhavna told PTI.Bhavna's grandmother and Sonakshi's grand mom are real sisters and that is how the two budding actresses are related.This is not the first time Bhavna has faced the camera, she has done cameo roles in films and even walked the ramp and sizzled in few endorsements.\"Earlier I have acted in few movies like 'Na Tum Jano Na Hum' where I played Esha Deol's sister and then in 'Joggers Park' in which I played the role of a niece. And for director Ken Ghosh, I did a music video of 'Pehla nasha'....Also, I have done modeling and few ads (sic),\"Bhavna said.Talking about her debut film, the newbie says, \"I am playing the role of a leading actor Rahil Tandon's love interest in the film. Almost 80 per cent of the shoot of the film is over and mostly we have shot in Goa. It should release by end of June this year. All I can say is it is a film within a film. This movie is about the process....the aspect of a director\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12875399", "title": "City thumbs up to Deoband advice against polygyny", "text": "PATNA: The recent fatwa, or decree, issued by the Darul Uloom at Deoband, advising against multiple marriages, has heralded a major ideological shift for the Islamic seminary, otherwise known for its strict interpretation of the 'Shariah', or Islamic law, and 'conservative' approach to social issues concerning the Muslim community.The community in Bihar has welcomed the seminary's stand with enthusiasm. \"There is a provision of second marriage in the Shariah, but that is subject to strict conditions,\" says Shafi Mashhadi, former member of Bihar Public Service Commission. The first wife's inability to bear children or being inflicted with serious physical or mental illness was among the reasons why the second marriage acquired religious sanction then, he says.Or, as noted surgeon Dr Ahmad Abdul Hai puts it, \"Polygyny was encouraged in the Islamic world as an exception, not the rule. During the time when second, third and even fourth marriages were common, the scenario was different. Females outnumbered males and, also, there were many war widows in the Islamic world. But that was never the case in India. Even in the Islamic countries, the situation is different now.\"Darul Uloom's online fatwa department said recently it is lawful according to the Shariah to keep two wives at the same time but it is generally not acceptable in Indian customs. This was in response to a query of a father of two, who wanted to wed a second time. According to the institution, having one wife was \"more Indian\" as well as logical in modern times; a conclusion that has got the thumbs up from Patna's Muslim intelligentsia.\"The Shariah clearly stipulates that unless the husband can treat both his wives equally - as equally as his two eyes, it is not advisable to take on a second wife,\" Mashhadi says. Afzal Hussain, general secretary of Bihar State Rabita Committee, an NGO working for Muslim women empowerment, nods: \"The provision for polygyny in Islam is conditional and should not be followed on a whim.\"\"The Darul Uloom's stance against second marriage while the first wife is alive comes as a pleasant surprise and points to a progressive outlook. Over the years, the Quran's meaning has been misconstrued. A layman is only told that Prophet Mohammed had multiple wives; what he is not told is that the Prophet took on these wives - old, young and widow alike - with a specific purpose, that of looking after them and providing for them when none would,\" says educationist Farhat Hassan.Muslim clerics based in the state, however, were cautious in their response. \"Marriage is a personal decision. Across the different cultures of the world, we find very few instances of second marriage and even fewer when the first spouse is living. But it is only in Islam that there's an upper limit on the number of wives. That too is conditional, aimed at protecting the modesty of women,\" Imarat Shariah general secretary Maulana Anisur Rahman Quasmi says and adds one should take on a second wife only when it is justifiable.Mashhadi agrees with the Maulana. \"In other communities, there's no upper limit on the number of wives - or even husbands. However, Islam has this upper limit; while it's four in case of polygyny, polyandry is strictly prohibited,\" he said.Dr Hai explains though the Shariah sanctions it, the Quran actually dissuades people from resorting to polygyny as it is impossible for a man to mete out the exact degree of 'equality and justice', a prerequisite to multiple marriages, to all his wives. \"The following verse from the Quran sheds light on what is permissible, and with what kind of riders: 'Marry woman of your choice in twos', threes' or fours' but if you fear that you shall not be able to deal justly (with them), then only one',\" he says and adds the same chapter notes that it is very difficult to be just and fair between women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "udupi", "code": "12873761", "title": "17 new autorickshaw stands in and around Manipal", "text": "UDUPI: Deputy commissioner and chairman of regional transport authority MT Reju on Wednesday has approved and notified 17 autorickshaw parking places in and around Manipal. The places have been approved based on public convenience and also requests received from the Autorickshaw Drivers and Owners Association. The regional transport authority has also specified the number of auto rickshaws that can operate from each of the approved parking lots.Notified autorickshaw parking places and the number of autorickshaws permitted in each slot are as follows: Janani (20), Ishwar Nagar, in front of big Boss Hotel (30), Dasharath Nagar bus stop (15), Industrial Area Shantinagar (10), Sonia Clinic (10), Syndicate Circle (15), RT Rickshaw stand in front of Manipal PS (25), Propile rickshaw stand Manipal (30), Mandavi rickshaw stand Vidyarathna Nagar (30), and Rajathadri district complex (15), Shambhavi Empar Krishnadas Marg Sagri is (10), Lakshmindra Nagar bus stop (10), police quarters in front of planetarium (10), Sheshadri Nagar, in front of Bhavani hotel (10), Saralabettu Katte (10), SIBM Training Centre, Ananth Nagar (10), and Udupi CMC sub-office at Manipal (10). The notification issued on April 21 will be in force until further orders.Entry permission givenAll autorickshaws that have obtained permission from the secretary of the regional transport authority, Udupi on or before January 31 will be permitted to enter Udupi CMC limits, Kundapur and Karkala TMC limits and Saligrama TP limits. Autorickshaws that have obtained permits on or after February 1 or operating from permits issues elsewhere will not be allowed to enter the areas under above urban local bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873784", "title": "Eflu shuts its doors on visually challenged", "text": "HYDERABAD: English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu), the only university in the state which offers foreign languages including German, French, Spanish, Arabic and Russian at under-graduate and post-graduate level, has decided not to admit visually challenged students for the coming academic year 2012-13. The university made this decision public in the instruction section, Point 9(b) of its online application form. Last year, 54 students from the visually challenged category had taken admission in the university.The university stated that it does not have necessary infrastructure for the visually challenged students who want to take admission in the foreign languages. When asked, the university authorities said that they do not have supporting software for foreign languages and getting scribes for such students has become increasingly difficult. However, the university's decision is in violation of the UGC rules which state that students in the disabilities category should not be denied admission citing lack of infrastructure. It is also in violation of the Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation) Act, 1995 based on which the university officials can be taken to court.Interestingly, the university has decided to exclude only visually challenged students from the category of people with disabilities (PWD). The instructions state, \"However, other candidates under PWD category can apply to these programmes.\"The decision has come as a shock to students who wanted to apply for foreign languages course in the university. \"I did my MA French from the university and I used to manage with my own scribe and JAWS software. This year, I wanted to apply for MA in Spanish programme but they turned down my request for admission,\" said Usha K N, a visually challenged student. Usha was the first visually challenged student in the foreign language studies when she first took admission in 2008.The decision to exclude the visually challenged students from taking admission in the university was proposed by the Spanish and German departments. \"The issue was discussed in the application committee and prospectus committee. But it was not discussed in the academic council meeting,\" said a source. In spite of the clause included in the prospectus, some students were told that they might be allowed to take admission if the university vice-chancellor agrees to their request. Student outfits within the university alleged that even in the communication department students from visually challenged category were not allowed to take admission as they will not be able to handle television and video production courses.Ironically, in other universities including Osmania University and University of Hyderabad, visually-challenged students were admitted for similar programmes earlier. In Eflu too, such students have done courses including MA, M Phil and PhDs. \"This amounts to discrimination and it cannot be allowed. Visually-challenged students and activists have been fighting against such discrimination in universities and other educational institutions which go against the UGC norms,\" said D Ramkumar, an activist and member Access India Forum for Visually Challenged, that is based out of Pondicherry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12875688", "title": "Art and heritage fest kicks off", "text": "The Chandigarh Art and Heritage Festival kicked off with a number of cultural performances and exhibitions spread across the city on Wednesday. The festival started with a dance-theatre performance, \"Jalam\", a contemporary take on water and the various forms of energies it produces, by Samudra Performing Arts of Kerala at Tagore Theatre. It was jointly directed and choreographed by Madhu Gopinath and Vakkom Sajeev.The one hour performance had a dance performance by Madhu Gopinath, Vakkom Sajeev, Lathin Raj, Lithi Raj, Priyanka P, Madhu Chandran, Deepu Bhasi and Aji Kumar.A cultural brochure was released, besides Chandigarh administration's events' calendar was unveiled too.The first day also saw a theatre workshop hosted by eminent theatre director Kumardas who is trained at the National School of Drama, Delhi and is also on their visiting faculty. This workshop that was held at the Tagore Theatre saw participation by about 30 youngsters from different spheres of art.An exhibition of paintings of landscapes in miniature by Bireswar Sen was also started at the Alliance Francaise gallery.On Thursday, a slide lecture, \"Landscape as canvas by Subodh Kerker\" will be held at 5pm at the Government Museum and Art Gallery, Sector 10 followed by \"Riturang,\" a classical vocal recital by Vasundhara and Kalapini Komkali at 7pm at Tagore Theatre.The Chandigarh Arts and Heritage festival that has entered into its fourth year, has been a platform for world renowned artists during the last three years and this would continue this year too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12874453", "title": "Baina Beach Festival from Apr 29", "text": "Baina Beach is set to play host to the annual Baina Beach Festival from April 29 to May 5. The Mormugao Municipal Council (MMC) has prepared the festival schedule and is gearing up to organize the festival without an event management group. \"Last time we realized that instead of making profits we were in a loss as the MMC had to incur more than the estimated cost. So this time we have decided to organize it on our own,\" said Carlos Almeida, Vasco MLA and MMC councillor.The festival will be inaugurated by power minister Milind Naik. Each festival day has a different theme. May 1 will be celebrated as Women's Day, May 2 as Senior Citizen's Day, May 3 as Children's Day, May 4 as Press Day and May 5 will be dedicated to special children. The festival will include a magic show, dance competitions, African acrobats and a live performance by the Syndicate. Offstage events like beach football , sand sculpture and sand castle-making will also be held. A canoe race will be organized to encourage the local fishing community. While the NRB group has already assured the MMC of funding the show the council is still hunting for sponsors for the event.The laying of foundation stone by chief minister Manohar Parrikar on May 4 will mark the first phase of the beautification of Baina beach. The beautification model will be presented to the public on the same day. \"The first phase will start from the Desterro end till Shafi Masjid in Baina. The estimated cost is around Rs 70-75 lakh,\" said Almeida. The first phase will include a children's park, viewing galleries, bathrooms and changing rooms. Almeida said he plans to get some of the offshore casinos operating in the Mandovi river.The present condition of the beach is quite bad. A bar that used to run when the red light area existed lies in ruins posing a threat to children kids playing in area. The beach compound wall is broken and there is no sitting arrangement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873841", "title": "Grace marks ruled out for Inter students", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after the intermediate results were announced, students and parents staged a dharna in front of the office of Board of Intermediate Education (BIE) demanding grace marks to students who failed in the physics paper.As many as 31% of the students failed in physics. Parents alleged that the paper was tough and, hence, students should be given grace marks.The protest which started at around 12 noon went on for over one hour. However, K Parthasarathy, minister for secondary education, stated that the board would not grant extra marks to students as physics experts stated that the paper did not have any out-of-syllabus questions.\"Students should not ignore the textbooks and rely on the guides given by their colleges.\"All the questions were based on the physics textbook,\" said Parthasarathy.The parents, however, threatened to move court against the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12874979", "title": "Soiled note business thrives in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Have you ever thought that the currency notes which get mutilated can become somebody's bread and butter? Yes, the business of exchanging good currency notes by returning the soiled ones is thriving lucratively but illegally in the city beside the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) office.Many vendors have come up with counters decorated with new notes of all denominations starting from Rs 5. \"Whoever passes through this area and is in need of exchanging soiled notes, do come to us. There are agents with whom we have connections. The notes which people return to us in exchange of better ones are given to agents. They give us new notes which we sell in the market,\" said Niranjan Prasad, a vendor, as an agent came on a scooter and handed him the bundle of notes.On the modus operandi of the business, Prasad said, \"The agents bring money from different states like Odisha, West Bengal and others. We charge 20% as commission on the value of the notes. At times, it depends on the condition of notes being brought by the people. So if a person brings a 10-rupee note, we deduct two rupees. But if the condition is better, we slash just one rupee. This 20% commission is then divided between the agents and us.\"An RBI official said, \"The RBI is the main authority which exchanges such notes. It even authorizes various banks in the state to do that job. If such vendors are thriving here, I would say it's the job of the authorities which deals with law and order. Our job is to exchange money if any person comes to us.\"He said the exchange business was illegal because the legal procedure was to come to the RBI or go to the banks for exchange. \"We don't deduct any amount but the whole amount is returned to the person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875575", "title": "Rise in teen pregnancies alarming", "text": "NAGPUR: There was a time when the news of a teen pregnancy was a shocking one. These days, however, such instances have become more common. So much so that even gynaecologists believe that the high number of teenaged girls who become pregnant is alarming but not surprising.As the new team of Nagpur Obstetric and Gynaecological Society (NOGS) took over, medicos discussed various issues relating to adolescent girls. They all agreed about the need for gynaecologists to double up as confidantes and counsellors to the young girls. They believed this would not only help the girls ease through the difficult phase of puberty but also prevent or control many diseases that they are susceptible to.\"Many factors like poverty, lack of education, disintegration of the joint family, peer pressure and media exposure make up for the reasons responsible for the increasing number of teenage pregnancies. It should come as no surprise that such incidences are much higher in villages than in the cities,\" said Dr Roza Olyai, the national chairperson of the adolescent health academy of Federation of Obstetric and Gynaecological Societies of India (FOGSI).This is the reason that FOGSI constituted this national project to provide premarital counseling and inform the girls about their reproductive health along with making teachers, parents towards the special needs of the young.\"One can't stop the young from behaving in a certain way, indulging in certain behaviour or contain their curiosity. As gynaecologists, we can help in letting them make an informed choice. Several aspects of female health, like reproductive and sexual health , are not discussed even among the closest friends. But if the girls know that they can talk to someone about all this and help them arrive at the right conclusion without the fear of being judged, many of the problems will be solved,\" believed the new president of NOGS Dr Ankita Kothe.It is not just the reproductive health of the young girls that concerns these medicos. \"Girls who come to us are mainly concerned about their appearance - acne, high hair growth. What gynaecologists don't realize is that these seemingly mundane things can point to the possible onset of many cardiovascular diseases,\" said Dr Duru Shah, past president of FOGSI.Any problem that a girl has would first be known to a gynaecologist, so the community can help them prevent and control several future diseases like gestational diabetes and blood pressure, cancer of the uterus, high infertility and recurrent miscarriages among others, she said.Explaining the need for taking up the cause of adolescent gynaecology more seriously, vice president of FOGI and city based gynaecologist Dr Laxmi Shrikhande said, \"If we help them adopt the right diet, nutrition and hygiene habits, they may not need to come to us as young women with problems. Their bodies are changing during puberty and they are shy to speak about it. This is the stage where there is a need to teach the young girls life skills and provide physical and emotional support that will last them a lifetime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874354", "title": "Students networking online to save sparrow", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students in the city are now using their network and knowledge to save sparrows the population of which is steeply declining in various parts of the country. In a bid to contribute to the online initiative called 'Citizen Sparrow,' students are sending mails to each other and feeding data about sparrows.Citizen Sparrow is run by the Bombay Natural History Society, together with a consortium of organizations interested in nature, birds and conservation from across the country. The initiative aims to gather all data related to sparrows and places where they are found or have gone extinct. The plan is to gather the data through the information fed in questionnaires which are circulated online.A student of Sustainable Environment and Climate Change at CEPT University, Museeb Faquih said, \"As soon as I came to know about this online initiative, I started mailing it to as many friends as possible. I am also doing follow-up to ensure that as many people as possible fill the forms.\" Like Faquih, other students of CEPT and other institutes like NID, IIT and others are involved in the project.The project will run for two months and close on May 31. At the end of the project, the combined data set will be compiled and made available for free download. The initiators of the projects will also summarise the collected information in a report and try to use the collected information as a starting point for a detailed study on sparrow population and distribution.Bird Conservation Society, Gujarat' (BCSG) is also one of the ten institutions partnering in Citizen Sparrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12874646", "title": "So far, 529 candidates throw hat in ring for panchayat polls in Salcete", "text": "MARGAO: Panchayat election fever seems to have gripped Salcete with 279 candidates filing their nominations on Wednesday. The tally brought the total number of nominations filed so far to as high as 525, with 179 candidates filing their nominations on Tuesday and 57 candidates filing their nominations on Monday.Salcete has 33 panchayats under its jurisdiction and the state election authorities have appointed three returning officers for this taluka alone. On Wednesday, in Salcete III, under mamlatdar J B Fernandes as the returning officer, a total number of 72 nominations were filed.Similarly, in Salcete-II, under returning officer Madhu Narvekar the number of nominations filed was 94, while 113 candidates filed their nominations in Salcete-I which is under returning officer Mahadev Araundekar.The village panchayats of Guirdolim, Colva and Navelim recorded the highest number of nominations with all three panchayats receiving 16 nominations each. Navelim in particular seems to be attracting the highest number of nominations after eight people filed their nominations on Tuesday and another nine filed their nominations on Monday.Prominent amongst those who filed nominations are Seraulim sarpanch Sima Shanke, Rachol sarpanch Joseph Vaz, recently-resigned Davorlim sarpanch Avita Chodankar, Benjamin Rodrigues from Colva and social activist Kim Miranda from Orlim.In view of the rush , special police forces were stationed outside the collectorate building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12873811", "title": "8-hour rally by doctors upsets patients", "text": "MYSORE: A numbers of patients, who had come from different parts of old Mysore region for treatment, were inconvenienced due to protest by private medical establishments, including nursing homes, clinics and diagnostic centres here on Wednesday.The private medical practitioners are demanding withdrawal of a proposal to bring them under tax bracket by the Mysore City Corporation.Hundreds of doctors, including members of the Indian Medical Association (IMA), took out a rally here and submitted a memorandum to deputy commissioner P S Vastrad.The eight-hour protest began at 9 am at J K Grounds. Medical practitioners, including nursing students and paramedical staff, took out a rally holding placards and banner to the DC office. The protesters said it is unfair to impose tax only on doctors and questioned why other professionals like engineers, chartered accountants, advocates and financial consultants have not been included in it. They urged the DC to revert the decision of bringing them under tax net.IMA president Dr H L Devegowda and joint action committee of doctors members Dr Javeed Nayeem, Dr N Nithyananda Rao, Dr A H Hareesh led the protest. Sources said the doctors attached to a corporate hospital didn't take part in the protest stating that they didn't get permission from their head office in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873267", "title": "Man duped of Rs 20 lakh", "text": "PUNE: The Bund Garden police have booked an unidentified person for allegedly duping a 52-year-old man from Kondhwa to the tune of Rs 19.74 lakh. A complaint has been lodged by Kaid Johar Kahir Nasir of Ujjwal Park in Kondhwa.According to police inspector S P Kate of the Bund Garden police station, in November 2008, Nasir had received an e-mail stating he had won a lottery of $22 million. When Nasir replied to the e-mail, a person asked him to pay fees for the transaction and other taxes. Between November 2008 and January 2012, Nasir deposited Rs 19.74 lakh at various accounts in the banks.Kate said that Nasir came to the police, when learnt he was being duped. \"We are investigating the case,\" Kate added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12875386", "title": "Engagement called off, techie kills self", "text": "JAIPUR: Upset over his engagement being called off, a software engineer committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling fan of his rented accommodation in Shyam Nagar area.Twenty-six-year-old engineer Manesh Soni did not report to work since Monday. His colleagues tried reaching him on his cellphone but to no avail.Subsequently, they called up the landlord to enquire about his well-being , who then went to Mahesh's room but found it locked from inside. Suspecting something wrong, the landlord informed the police.On Tuesday evening, he was found hanging from the ceiling fan of his room.Mahesh, a resident of Mahaveer Nagar in Kota, was putting up here at a rented accommodation in Vivek Vihar in Shyam Nagar area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12873667", "title": "Ghaziabad Development Authority funds for Rithala Metro line", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA), on Wednesday, approved a sanction of Rs 200 crore to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation in the financial year 2012-13 for extension of the Rithala-Dilshad Garden line till the New Bus Stand in Ghaziabad.In a first, GDA has earmarked Rs 1,000 crore to shore up its land bank. Moreover, the Metro link from Dilshad Garden to the New Bus Stand has been a priority for UP CM Akhilesh Yadav. In a board meeting, the authority agreed to chip in Rs 495 crore of the estimated project cost of Rs 981 crore. The remaining cost would be borne equally by Ghaziabad Municipal Corporation, UP Housing Board and UP State Industrial Development Corporation .\"The funding pattern has been decided and would be sent to the UP government for approval on Friday. The government has already given in-principle approval and we are hopeful that the funding pattern would also get the go-ahead,\" GDA vice-chairman Santosh Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12874718", "title": "Power shutdown in city on Friday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Friday between 9am and 5 pm:Koyambedu Market: Srinivasa Ngr, Bakthavachalam St, Semathamman Ngr, PH Rd, Mettukulam, New Colony, Market, Chinmaya Ngr, Alwarthiru Ngr, Nerkundram, Moogambigai Ngr, Alagammal Ngr, Krishna Ngr, Bhuvaneshwari, Thiruveethi Amman Koil St, Koyambedu Ngr.SK Nagar: G.T.Court, Mookar Nallamuthu St, IInd line Beach, Moore St, Rajajisalai Mannady St, Doss color Lab, Indian Bank, Thambu chetty St, Mookar Nallamuthu St, Angappan Naickan Linghi chetty St, Moore St, Rajajisalai 2nd lane Beach Rd, Post office St, Errabalu St, Adiappan St, Reddy Ram St, Strotten Muthiah St, Ramanujar Iyer St, Ayya Mudali St, Chandrappa St, Palliappan St, Perumal Mudali St, Mint St, Vinayaga Mudali St, Elephant gate, Vaniar St, Singanna naickan St, Periyanna maistry St, Armenian St, Sembu doss St, Sathya Ngr, Island ground (TTDC), Naval officers Qtrs. and Mess, Coast guard, Marshalling yard.Luz: Luz Church Rd, Balaiah avenue, Luz avenue, Kabali Thottam, Pallaku MaNgr, Ramachandra Rd, Justice Sundaram Rd, East Abiramapuram 1 to 3rd St, Baskarapuram, Warren Rd, Dr Ranga Rd, Canal Bank Rd, Krishnasamy avenue, Alwarpet (Beemanna garden, Dr.Ranga Rd), Subbarayan salai, Marvadi Thottam, Vishalatchi Thottam, Warren Rd, Rama Rao Rd (Medavel section), Venkatesa Agraharam St, Cenkadar RK Rd, Alamelu Mangapuram, CP Raman Rd, CV Raman Rd, Alwarpet section, North Mada St, East &amp; South Mada St (Mandaveli section), Kutchery Rd, Dinakaran, Ganapathipuram, Police Quarters, Vinayaka Colony, Mathala Narayanan St, CP Koil, Kutchery lane, RC Rd, Mundakanni Amman St, Royapettah High Rd, Natchiyappa St, Kallukaran St, Naattu Subbarayan St, Loganarayanan Colony, PTV Thottam, Ramakrishnapuram, Royapettah High Rd, Siva Samy Rd, Karpagambal Ngr, Oliver Rd (Alwarpet CIT Colony).Thirumangalam: Entire Anna Ngr west / Extn., W block, C&D; Sector, 11 to 20th Main Rd, Kalaivanar Colony, Medimix avenue, PadipudhuNgr, Thiruvalleeswarar Ngr, NVN Ngr, CPWD Quarters, Padikuppam Rd upto Ben Foundations, Emerald Flats, Classic Apartents, Sathyasai Ngr, Welcome Colony block 1 to 49A, TV Ngr, J.N.salai, Asiad, Rohini, Pioneer Colony, Sindhu Apartment, Mangalam Colony, Mullai Colony, Kuriniji Colony, Jawahar Colony, Shakthi Colony, Old L, Z, AL block, 4th avenue, Old Thirumangalam, 12th Main Rd, AF block, 2nd avenue C block, Nehru Ngr, 15th Main Rd 11th Main Rd, AE block.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "12874026", "title": "Tigress carcass found in Kaziranga", "text": "JORHAT: A carcass of an adult tigress was found in Kaziranga National Park on Wednesday. Park officials suspect that the tigress died due to infighting between tigers.Divisional forest officer (Kaziranga) Dibyadhar Gogoi said, \"We found a carcass of a tigress at Honuman area under Kohora forest range of the park this afternoon. The tigress was about five years old and the animal died due to infighting between tigers.\"He added, \"Preliminary investigations suggest that the animal was attacked by other tiger one or two days ago. We found some injury marks on her body; she was mauled by the other animal. The tigress lost her left eye during the fight, but the other parts of her body was found intact.\"\"We conducted the autopsy of the animal in presence of the representatives of the National Tiger Conservation Authority of India along with the national park authorities on Wednesday,\" he said. The national park lost another tigress in December last year when a personnel of the Assam police armed battalion opened fire to save some locals near Kohora forest range of the park. The adult tigress attacked two persons at Bosagaon area near the park.In April 2011, a tiger carcass was also found at the Kathanibari forest under the same forest range in Kaziranga. However, the reason of the tiger's death could not be ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12874051", "title": "All Guwahati Students' Union stages dharna against bad roads", "text": "GUWAHATI: The All Guwahati Students' Union (Agsu) staged a sit-in dharna here on Wednesday in protest against the pathetic condition of roads and pavements in the city. Agsu alleged that the Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority ( GMDA) and the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) were responsible for the bad condition of roads and pavements in the city.Agsu also held the administration responsible for the untimely and tragic death of Sagarika Bora, the 14 year old school girl who lost her life after accidentally stepping into an uncovered manhole last week. The union demanded punishment for those responsible for the neglect.\"The state government keeps talking about the new changes the city has witnessed due to the development brought about by them. But the flash floods that occurs every monsoon show exactly how developed the city is. The administration has not been able to do anything to stop the flash floods. Guwahati is supposed to be the gateway to the northeast but the city itself is reeling under civic neglect. The administration does not take any concrete action nor does it punish those responsible; we suspect foul play,\" said Simanta Thakuria, a member of All Guwahati Students' Union.\"We also demanded that the city administration look into the matter seriously and punish those responsible for the death of Sagarika Bora,\" added Thakuria.Around 100 Agsu activists and workers took part in the two-hour dharna on Wednesday. The participants carried placards and shouted slogans blaming the city administration for not maintaining the roads and footpaths. They also demanded quick repair of all the damaged roads and asked them to cover all the manholes in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12874827", "title": "Tourism plans along Nila to get a fillip as RCB nears completion", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The district's tourism prospects are looking up thanks to the Chamaravattom regulator-cum-brigde (RCB) across Nila, which is likely to be ready by second week of May.The RCB is expected to raise the water level in the region especially in the reservoir area.With this in view, the tourism department has planned 10 multi-crore tourism project on the banks of the river.A tourism corridor along the banks of the river from Ponnani to Kuttippuram linking all the heritage and pilgrimage centres is already under the consideration of the department. The plan under the Nila heritage tourism project will focus on developing backwater tourism spots in the region.The department is also planning to link the heritage project with the backwater and pilgrim tourism centres in Ponnani to complete the tourism corridor. The water storage area of the reservoir of RCB would also be turned into a tourism spot.The 500-year-old Ponnani Juma Masjid, Thripprangodu Shiva temple, Thirunavaya Navamukunda Temple, and Alathiyoor Hanumankavu are part of the tourism corridor.Nila Heritage Village, another major multi-crore project with museums, art centres, sport complex, and convention centres, will also come up on the banks of the river.With the commissioning of RCB, the work on backwater tourism centres like Biyyam Kayal and Canoly Canal will be speeded up. DTPC secretary K Madhu said the Nila Heritage Project, Padinharekkara Tourism Park project and the tourism initiatives at Chamravattom regions would be a reality soon.Meanwhile, the installation work of 70 shutters of RCB has been completed.The construction of the 1-km-long concrete walls along the coastal region of the river in the reservoir area of RCB is in the final stage.The report on the level of urbanization in Malappuram published recently had noted that the RCB and the fishing harbour will boost the urbanization activities in Ponnani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873349", "title": "Now, girls hit puberty at 10", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, girls are reaching puberty, two years earlier. The age of attaining sexual maturity among a girl, when she changes physically, hormonally and sexually has dipped, especially in urban India, to 10 years from 12-13 earlier, not just in India but globally.A study published in the Lancet on Wednesday says the age of 18 years clearly no longer signifies adulthood.According to it, the earlier onset of puberty has increased the window of risk associated with adolescence. It said previous generations of parents viewed the physical changes of puberty as being of greatest significance with raging hormones being blamed for much of adolescent bad behaviour.Professor Susan Sawyer and George Patton (Murdoch Children's Research Institute, Melbourne and University of Melbourne) say, \"Puberty is increasingly recognized as a significant physiological event that catapults adolescents into higher risk for a range of health-related behaviours like mental disorders and substance use,\" said the study.Dr Rajiv Chhabra, chief of pediatrics at the Artemis Health Institute, agrees with the findings. He said the phenomenon is leaving girls with well-developed bodies, which they're not emotionally equipped to handle. \"Premature puberty is becoming common among girls in India. Lifestyle and dietary changes could be fuelling this trend. Vegetables and eggs containing hormones like oxytocin can hasten puberty. Earlier, we would tell parents to teach a girl the concept of menstrual cycle when she turns 13. Now, we ask parents to talk about it to their 10-year-old daughters,\" said Dr Chhabra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12874962", "title": "Naxals killed deputy sarpanch?", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Continuing their spree of killing politicians in Gadchiroli, Naxalites on Tuesday night reportedly killed deputy sarpanch Rainu Juru Kowse (40) of Wangeturi gram panchayat. The assassination was carried out in Kowse's native village Todgatta, located along the Chhattisgarh border, sources claimed.This is the fourth instance of a politician's killing in Gadchiroli this month. The cops however said they had not received an official complaint about the murder of the deputy sarpanch.Reports have it that a band of armed Naxalites entered village Todgatta, which falls under Gutta police outpost, on Tuesday night. They dragged deputy sarpanch Kowse out of his house and killed him in the village square.Etapalli SDPO Vivek Masal however said they have not received any complaint about the killing of Kowse. \"There are rumours of a murder in Todgatta, but no complaint has been received so far. Todgatta is a remote village on Chhattisgarh border, some 25km from the nearest police outpost. We are trying to confirm the information,\" he said.This would be the fourth instance of a politician or his kin being killed in Gadchiroli this month. On April 13, Naxalites had assassinated ex-ZP member Kewal Atkamwar in Etapalli. They then killed Pawankumar Bhalavi, former Naxalite and husband of ex-panchayat samiti chairperson in Arewada village under Bhamragad tehsil on April 20. Later, on April 22, they killed sarpanch Chamru Joi of Gardewada gram panchayat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12874674", "title": "Tamil Nadu insists NHAI must correct port expressway alignment", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government is firm that the National Highways Authority of India should correct the alignment before proceeding with the Chennai Port-Maduravoyal elevated expressway project.The chief secretary, Debendranath Sarangi, conveyed the government's stand to Union transport and highways secretary A K Upadhyay, who stepped in to defuse the situation. Work on the project came to a halt after the state public works department issued a notice to the NHAI asking it to stop work on the corridor immediately, accusing it of violating the permitted alignment.In a letter to Sarangi, the Union transport secretary expressed a desire to meet and resolve the issue \"as the future of the Chennai Port Trust will depend on the completion of this project.\" On Wednesday, Upadhyay met Sarangi and held discussions for 40 minutes to convince the state to permit NHAI to continue work on the 1,655 crore project, which is expected to cut down travel time between Chennai port and Maduravoyal to 30 minutes. The present circuitous route takes nearly two hours.\"We had a good meeting with state officials. We said the project should go ahead. It was a meeting in a constructive spirit and talks were good,\" Upadhyay told TOI after the meeting. He was accompanied by NHAI's member (finance) J N Singh. But sources said the state was firm that correction in the alignment should be carried out before the NHAI continued work on the project. Officials said while Upadhyay was here to discuss various highways projects, the foremost concern was getting road blocks removed for the speedy completion of the elevated corridor. \"The state reiterated that the violations have to be set right and this was essential for them to go ahead with the project,\" said a government official.The PWD officials, it is said, found violations in the water course alignment along Spurtank Road in Chetpet. As many as 15 columns have come up in the middle of the river. There was a specific condition that the alignment of the expressway should be made along the banks and not along the waterway, the notice said.Upadhyay is said to have dismissed the PWD's contention and pointed out that works were going on as per the permitted alignment. The state will bear 50% of the cost of land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation. It was only after approval of the alignment and based on the recommendations of the state government, CRZ clearance, no objection certificate from CMDA and Chennai Corporation were obtained before work began.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872812", "title": "Nine accused in teen\u2019s murder in judicial custody", "text": "MUMBAI: The Andheri court on Wednesday remanded nine youths, arrested for the murder of 16-year-old college student Ansh Agarwal on April 17, in judicial custody. The court extended the custody of two other accomplices- Shakeel Shafiq Siddiqui (23) and Sooraj Aasaram Binbansi (19) - and the main accused's father, Shivkumar, till April 27.The MIDC police had arrested 15 people, including three juveniles. They are on the lookout for more accused. \"We are collecting call records of the main accused to get details about the number of calls that he had made to his friends minutes before they killed Agarwal,\" said MIDC police inspector Mohan Waghmare. He said those remanded in judicial custody and those sent to the Dongri remand home will not be released on bail till the chargesheet is submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873239", "title": "Six held for planning dacoity", "text": "PUNE: Six men, who were planning a dacoity at a petrol station on Pune-Satara road, were arrested on Tuesday. The police have seized a pistol, sharp weapons and seven cellphones from the men. The arrested were Nitesh Baswant (19), Rahul Adsul (27), Vinod Dhamale (22), Rohan Shirodkar (23), Pravin Gauddab (18) and Vishwas Jarande (20), all from Indiranagar. Police inspector Suresh Kekane of the crime branch (unit-II) made the arrests.Investigations revealed that the men were accomplices of criminal Bapu Nayar, who is in Yerawada central prison. They planned to loot the station to obtain money to get their accomplices out of prison. Inspector Kekane said that, based on a tip-off, he and his team had nabbed the suspects at Dhankawadi.A case in this regard has been registered with the Sahakarnagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "12875390", "title": "Warrant issued against MLA", "text": "ARARIA: Judicial magistrate, Araria, P K Ratan on Wednesday issued non-bailable warrants (NBWs) of arrest against JD-U MLA Sarfaraz Alam and five of his supporters in connection with a loot and assault case that occurred in 2002.The court directed Alam, a former minister, and his supporters to appear before it on May 1. Alam and his supporters were accused of looting and assaulting one Sanjay Kumar Mishra of village Khariyabustee in Araria district in the year 2002. Mishra had also accused the then Jokihat block pramukh, Nayyar Alam, of his complicity in the crime. Incidentally, Nayyar Alam died in 2004.The court of the judicial magistrate took cognizance against the JD-U MLA and his five supporters under Sections 147, 149, 336 and 504 of the IPC.Among those against whom the NBWs have been issued include Mustafa Pasa, Muazzum Alam, Sadiq Hasim and Razzak. The court also ordered two other accused persons Parvez Alam and Magan Chowdhury to appear before it on May 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12874159", "title": "Govt fails to meet blood bank target", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has faltered in its target to set up one blood bank each in 39 new districts. According to the parliamentary standing committee on health, which placed its latest report on the country's National Aids Control Organization (NACO) in the Rajya Sabha, 39 districts with no blood banks were identified in the states of Bihar, UP, Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Kerala, Karnataka and Mizoram.Under the National Aids Control Programee-NACP III (2007-12), at least one blood bank was to be set up in each of these districts.The panel, however, says, \"against the set target, only 25 blood banks could be set up. It appears that the department has not made sincere efforts to achieve the physical targets.\"It has slammed NACO for failing to make major progress in the setting up of four metro blood banks as centres of excellence in transfusion medicine with capacity to process more than 1,00,000 units of blood each annually in New Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai.It also expressed disappointment at the department's failure to make big strides in setting up the Plasma Fractionation Centre (PFC) with a processing capacity of more than 1,50,000 litres of plasma. This would have helped provide the blood clotting proteins F8 and F9 free of cost to patients suffering from haemophilia. Now, F8 and F9 transfusions are expensive as the proteins are either available only in private sector or have to be imported from the US.The Committee said, \"The department has moved at a snail's pace which is evident from the fact that it has managed to only get the land allotted in November 2011, for the four metro blood banks. The committee is dismayed at the utter callousness on the part of the department to disregard its recommendations to have a targeted approach in making the four blood banks functional at the earliest.\"The much awaited establishment of the National Blood Transfusion Authority to streamline the blood collection and transfusion services is also to be realized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "12874717", "title": "Gas cylinder blast claims third life", "text": "BANGALORE : The LPG cylinder blast during the first birthday celebrations of a toddler in Peenya claimed its third life on Wednesday. The infant's grandfather Ningappa (60), succumbed to the burns he had suffered in the accident. The birthday boy Nikhil Gowda died a day after the blast while his elder sister G Mangala Gowri succumbed to injuries on Tuesday.The condition of the kids' motherUshaissaidtobecritical while their father N Gangadhar and uncle N Girish are said to be out of danger.\"Ningappa developed burn-related infections on Monday. His condition worsened late on Tuesday night and he breathed his last at 2pm on Wednesday in Victoria Hospital\" Rajagopalnagar police said.Doctors at Victoria Hospital said Usha is still critical. \"Her condition has been serious from day one and we cannot say anything for the next 48 hours\" doctors said.The LPG cylinder had exploded in their house in Srigandhanagar Rajagopalnagar off Tumkur Road on Friday evening. After noticing that the cooking gas was empty the family tried to use another small cylinder to continue with cooking. But the regulator failed to fit, causing leakage and subsequently triggering explosion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874959", "title": "Infamous con duped Gujarat University students too", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Stealing a car by duping a person in Vastrapur was not the only deception done by fraudster Sujal Singhaniya. Singhaniya, who is a on a run after stealing the car, has duped at least 100 students, including five girls, of Gujarat University after befriending them.Flaunting lavish cars and bikes like Harley Davidson, Singhaniya used to regularly hang out at the cafeteria near School of Sciences behind the Gujarat University building. After befriending students, he initially spent money judiciously on them. Gradually when he started gaining trust, he started borrowing small amounts from students on some or the other pretext. He did this for at least three months and the amount now runs into lakhs.Sources said that Singhaniya also duped three girl students by making marriage promise to each of them. He is said to have borrowed at least Rs five lakh from these girls. However, Singhaniya nowhere to be seen after taking all this money.Varsity vice chancellor Parimal Trivedi said that Singhaniya's posters will be put up across the university campus so that other students or visitors do not fall prey to his cheating tactics. Nearly 50,000 students will also be sent SMSes detailing Singhaniya's frauds. His photos will also be put up on the university website so students who know him can help police in tracing.The university has also constituted a three-member committee that will take versions of all the students who were acquainted with Singhaniya, who is reportedly a second-year student of MS University. tnnA team of Vastrapur police is also planning to go to Vadodara to search for Singhaniya who fled from the city with a Nissan Sunny car worth Rs 10.15 lakh and Rs 5 lakh cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12874317", "title": "Congress turns to Ram to revive fortunes", "text": "BHOPAL: Out of power in Madhya Pradesh for eight years, the state Congress has begun adopting the BJP's electoral techniques for mission 2013. To defeat the BJP, the Congress has decided to go on a \"rath yatra\" and chant the name of Ram. Seven months after senior BJP leader L K Advani's cross-country Jan Chetna Rath Yatra for good governance and clean politics, the Congress will take out a yatra by the same name to expose alleged corruption, law and order breakdown and illegal mining activities against the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government.The Congress, which always criticized the BJP for misusing the name of Ram for political mileage, will begin the yatra from the temple of the deity in Orchha on May 11. Leader of opposition Ajay Singh said, \"L K Advani went on rath yatras to become the prime minister of the country. We are taking out a Rath Yatra to bring the Congress to power in MP\".After facing two consecutive defeats (2003 and 2008), insiders say, the Congress has decided to pay back BJP with its own coin in 2013. The Congress through the yatra must be hoping to emulate BJP leader Uma Bharati's Sankalp Yatra which brought down the Digvijaya Singh government in 2003.The Congress, which has always criticized the BJP for misusing the name of Ram for political mileage, will begin its yatra from the temple of the deity in Orchha on May 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873310", "title": "SC to lay down new guidelines for media", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday said it would attempt to strike a balance between the right to dignity, reputation and fair trial of the accused with press freedom before laying down principles outlining the contours of Article 19(1)(a) of Constitution guaranteeing right to free speech and expression.A five-judge constitution bench of Chief Justice S H Kapadia and Justices D K Jain, S S Nijjar, R P Desai and J S Khehar clarified that laying down guidelines for media reporting in sub-judice matters was \"a bit of a misnomer\".\"We will cull out the principal points from principles (on contours of press freedom) laid down in Supreme Court's judgments and say if you (media) breach it, then you face the consequences,\" it said during arguments advanced by advocate Gopal Shankarnarayan on behalf of NGO 'Youth For Equality'.\"We want to know as a matter of prevention within what framework we should lay down the guiding principles,\" the bench asked.At this point, senior advocate Rajeev Dhavan, appearing for Editor's Guild and Foundation for Media Professionals, sought a clarification from the court whether stretching of the issue to such an extent was permissible in a suo motu proceeding.The bench objected to Dhavan's reference to the proceedings as suo motu and said it was being conducted only on receiving a written application from Sahara, which wanted framing of guidelines because of publication of leaked privilege communication between two counsel.The constitution bench said, \"We are making it clear that it is not a suo motu matter. The attorney general had said that SEBI wanted to be the applicant for initiating this exercise. I am getting hundreds of letters complaining about violation of rights by media reporting.\"Shankarnarayan said keeping in mind the reach of social networks and even lawyers taking news from court rooms to outside computers, it was necessary to devise guidelines that would aim to restrain the person disseminating the information about court proceedings rather than looking only at the publishers of media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "yadagirigutta", "code": "12873934", "title": "30-year-old man marries sisters, aged 15 and 18", "text": "YADAGIRIGUTTA: In a shocking incident of child marriage, a 15-year-old girl was married off to 30-year-old man along with her 18-year-old elder sister at Pathagutta near Yadagirigutta in Nalgonda district in the early hours of Wednesday. The culprit, Giribabu, who is a labourer from Lingareddypalli of Medak's Jagdevpur mandal, was detained by cops. Both the sisters belong to a poor family from Mulugu in Warangal district.According to Miryalaguda town sub-inspector Shankar Goud, the wedding was performed in a local lodge at Pathagutta, 2 km from the Lakshmi Narasimha Swamy temple at Yadagirigutta, around 1 am.\"We were informed by locals about the marriage which was attended by nearly 20 members from each side,\" he told TOI. Goud said he was planning to invoke sections of the Child Marriages Act of 2006 against the accused.The girls' mother Lakshmi, 60, who is a daily wager, said her eldest daughter Jyothi is mentally unstable. \"So, I got my second daughter Maheswari married off to him as I thought he will take care of both of them,\" she said. Sources said the actual plan of both the families was to get Giribabu and Jyothi married.But the wedding plan took a quirky turn when Giribabu insisted on marrying Maheswari, who is fair complexioned in comparison to Jyothi. \"Then it was decided that he would marry both of them,\" a police official said.Meanwhile, the girls and the accused bride are being counselled. While Jyoti is a student of sixth standard, Maheswari is a student of class V.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12875665", "title": "Demands met, Postgraduate Institute nurses call off strike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The nurses association of PGI called off their strike on Wednesday evening, after their demands were met.The list of all major surgeries including plastic, ENT and neurological ones which were planned a day before on Tuesday was revised before the strike. Most of the surgeries performed were minor and non-specialized ones. \"For any surgery we need assistance of nurses. The strike came all of a sudden and it was for a day. So we had to manage with nursing students. But we were apprehensive of giving instruments to the students who are yet to get proper training, so only minor surgeries were planned,\" said a surgeon.Only minor surgeries were conducted, while half of these surgeries were deferred. The PGI authorities claimed that patient care services including essential and emergency services were functioning almost normally despite the mass casual leave by nurses. \"The services were managed with the help of willing nurses and students of National Institute of Nursing Education. The emergency services of all centres including main emergency of Nehru Hospital were functioning as on any other day. The OPD services remained unaffected and consultations attended to approximately 5,900 patients in different OPDs. Forty six major surgeries were performed,\" said a PGI spokesperson. In the ENT department, three minor surgeries and in the neurosurgery, four minor surgeries were postponed.The labour commissioner during the reconciliation process agreed with the PGI administration that all the demands of nursing association had already been taken care of and there was no need for a protest. The association has withdrawn the protest. Earlier, the association had decided that if their demands were not accepted they would go on an indefinite strike.'Childcare leave isn't mandatory'CHANDIGARH: At any given day in PGI, there are almost 1,000 nurses posted in ICUs, OTs and wards when there are 6,000 indoor and outpatients and some 250 surgeries are performed. According to the official documents available with the TOI, there are 2012 sanctioned posts of the nurses of which 278 are vacant. This leaves only 1,734 as working. However, out of these, at present 102 are on earned leave while 37 are away on childcare leave or absent. So, on an average, 1,317 nurses report to work on a given day. Following the list of gazetted holidays it spares some 1,000 nurses daily who have to be assigned at eight ICUs, seven emergency operation theatres and take care of 1,959-bed hospital wards.\"We cannot spare limited nurses on further leave. The main demand of the association is childcare leave. Already we have so many on leave. Following the recent Punjab and Haryana high court orders, childcare leave is not mandatory and must be given without disrupting hospital services,\" said a senior official, hospital administration.However, the nursing association which has been mainly demanding for childcare leave feels otherwise. \"We are not responsible for the staff crunch. It is for the administration to resolve. When we are entitled for leave, there is no point in limiting our authorized leaves,\" said Lakhwinder Singh, president of the nursing association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875573", "title": "250 workers at Bhandewadi dumpyard at risk", "text": "NAGPUR: If health is wealth then 250 workers at Bhandewadi dumpyard are doubly poor. Not only are they paid a pittance, they also expose themselves to unacceptable health risks just to earn their bread and butter. A visit to the dumpyard spread over 54 acres revealed that labourers work here without any safety and preventive measures.Around 800 metric tonnes of garbage generated in the city is brought to the dumpyard each day. It isn't clear if there are any specified norms for labourers working at dumpyards. But these workers were without elementary safety gear. Most of them did not even wear masks to keep out contaminated dust and harmful gases. There were no gloves nor protective footwear. Around 200 labourers work at solid waste treatment plant where the garbage is dumped, segregated and treated or recycled. An outsider cannot withstand foul smell here for a short while. Even people residing 4 kms away complain about the stench. For the workers though it is daily exposure from up close. The dust generated during the treatment pervades the area and is inhaled directly by the workers.This was the condition during the visit of mayor Anil Sole and other officials of NMC. What must be the situation on other days is beyond imagination. The supervisor of the private company that operates the recycling plant showing the team of journalists around was also not wearing a mask. He declined to give his name or say why nobody is having any protection.A labourer said they had become used to the conditions. \"We are provided masks sometimes but do not wear them as they are not comfortable. We have never been given gloves or shoes. Many of us chew tobacco to beat the smell,\" he said indicating how the poor people make things worse. The garbage heaps on the western side of the yard are on fire. Around 50 labourers working at the landfill sites close by were inhaling the smoke too along with other contaminants. The dumper drivers and workers in garbage laden vehicles too are without protection. NMC officials were not ready to comment on the condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874477", "title": "Admin gears up for a \u2018smoke-free\u2019 city", "text": "JAIPUR: A 'smoke-free task force' has been constituted in Jaipur for proper implementation of Cigarette and Other Tobacco Product (prohibition of advertisement and regulation of trade and commerce, production, supply and distribution) Act-2003 ( COTPA-2003).The state government has stepped up efforts to implement COTPA in the state. The medical, health and family welfare department has constituted the smoke-free task force in Jaipur. The task force would inspect the city twice in a week to fine the COTPA violators at public places.OP Thankan, district nodal officer (COTPA) said, \"The smoke-free task force would ensure that the ban on hookah bar is enforced properly, sale of tobacco products should not be done in the radius of 200 metres of educational institutes and if anyone is found smoking even in government offices he would be fined Rs 200. The task force would inspect the city twice a week. It will also work in cooperation with the police department as the police department will play key role in enforcement of COTPA.\"There are five members in the smoke-free task force, which include deputy chief medical and health officer (Jaipur I), deputy chief medical and health officer (Jaipur II), food security officer (Jaipur I), food security officer (Jaipur II) and psychologist/social worker/ or official of tobacco cell (Jaipur).Besides, home department has also written to all district collectors, police commissioners (Jaipur and Jodhpur) and all the superintendents of police of the state to send a report on the action taken against COTPA violators on a monthly basis.The department has also directed collectors and SPs to publicize all penalties and actions which are under the provisions of COTPA for its violation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12875587", "title": "Mushpro helps turn 17 Melghat villages malnutrition-free", "text": "AMRAVATI: Despite several efforts of the state government, NGOs and administration to cope with malnutrition, it has failed to eradicate the problem completely. However, Mushpro - a therapeutic health drink made up of Ostreatus Pleourotus Mushroom - has rekindled the ray of hope to eradicate malnutrition. Administration has already given it to 27 villages of Melghat of which 17 are now malnutrition-free.When divisional commissioner of Amravati, Ganesh Thakur learnt about the health drink, he decided to provide Mushpro in some Anganwadis in Amravati district and he was amazed with the result.\"When I joined, the assistant professor at Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Memorial Medical College Dr Jayesh Ingle -- the founder of Mushpro - informed me about the project which was studied by researcher Dr Vinod Wasnik, I gave my approval for the project. We started with providing Mushpro to 90 children of which 30 were suffering from severe acute malnutrition (SAM), 30 were from suffering from moderate acute malnutrition (MAM) and 30 were from normal category. We were amazed with the immediate results, 28 children in SAM while 27 children from MAM category have shown weight gain after consuming Mushpro for 21 days along with the anganwadi diet and all 30 in normal category have gained weight,\" said Thakur.The administration has sent a proposal to tribal development department to provide Mushpro across Melghat. \"We have also informed Women and Child Welfare Ministry about the project. MP Supriya Sule has also appreciated the project,\" he said.All about MushproMushpro contains Ostreatus Pleourotus Mushroom (OPM) which has high medicinal values. Ghrelin, Orexin/Hypocretins, Neuropeptides Y and Galanin are hormones that stimulate appetite and OPM helps in stimulating these hormones in a natural way which leads to appetite gain. As per biochemical analysis done by centralized ISO certified laboratory, Mushpro health drink consist of macronutrients, micronutrients, carbohydrates, proteins, vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and fibres. Mainstay of the malnutrition treatment is to supply macronutrients with micronutrients and mushroom has ample amount of micro as well as macronutrients, Dr Jayesh Ingle said.He added that due to its chocolate flavour, it is palatable and children enjoyed consuming it. \"Out of 27 villages where Mushpro has been implemented, 17 have been classified malnutrition-free in just two months. Similarly, 10 villages out of 15 non-tribal villages have become malnutrition-free,\" said Dr Ingle. We have got approval of FDA and we have also done chemical analysis of the product. \"We have applied for patent and have acquired the patent pending number. Mushpro till now has not shown any side effects on any child,\" said Dr Ingle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12875442", "title": "2 hurt in oxygen cylinder blast", "text": "PATNA: An oxygen gas cylinder exploded on the road at Kankarbagh on Wednesday afternoon in which two persons sustained injuries. The incident happened during the loading of cylinders from a gas agency on a pickup van. Panic prevailed in the area with traffic being disrupted for some time. Police said the cylinders were meant for supply to different hospitals and nursing homes in the city.Money looted: Motorcycle-borne criminals looted Rs 65,000 from one Ashok Kumar , an employee of a liquor shop located at Deedarganj locality in Patna City.The incident took place when Ashok, travelling on his two-wheeler, reached Deedarganj overbridge, where three criminals on motorcycle intercepted him and snatched money at gunpoint. The criminals then escaped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12877516", "title": "White House gate crasher to run for Virginia governor", "text": "WASHINGTON: More than two years after he gate crashed into the White House State Dinner hosted for visiting Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Tareq Salahi has announced his intent to run for governor of Virginia.\"It's not part of reality TV. It's not a stunt. It's real,\" Salahi told The Washington Post.Salahi told the daily that he will run, as a Republican, to avenge a recent lawsuit brought against him by another GOP gubernatorial hopeful -- Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli II.According to the daily, Salahi feels the lawsuit made him realise just how much taxpayer money politicians waste. So he decided someone else should run for the state's top job. \"I woke up thinking 'someone should do this',\" Salahi said.\"And I thought 'Wait a minute. I'm someone!', he said. Salahi and his wife Michaele created a major security breach in November 2009 when the couple managed to enter the White House and attend the state dinner hosted by US President Barack Obama for Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12874137", "title": "Preserve-folklore buzz rages in modern times", "text": "GUWAHATI: In this age of modernization, the idea of preserving the traditional aspects of different art forms, indigenous songs, dances, storytelling techniques, attire, music, cuisine and even games from the onslaught of commercialisation is fast gaining ground.Some feel that many traditional artistic and cultural aspects have undergone changes due to the onslaught of commercialization, resulting in the loss of rustic flavour. The northeast has witnessed immense economic and cultural changes over the past few years and preserving the \"rustic flavour\" has become the de rigueur topic of not only a few cultural aficionados but also hardcore conservatives.But there are some who feel that tradition and modernization could be mixed well to easily churn out a positive trend through which traditional folklore could be protected against the dangers of extinction. According to them, it is up to the general people in what manner they would like to mix both traditional and modern aspects, putting emphasis on the community level.\"Folklore is part of our real life and it has to become a marketing tool to enhance the particular indigenous communities to whom the aspects belong. Modernisation or commercialisation is not that bad or negative as someone perceives it to be. Change is part of our lifecycle and it is impossible to get away from it. Initially, it was the village environment and life was based only on agricultural means. Community was the main emphasis on which everything was based. But this has changed now,\" said Anil Boro, associate professor, department of folklore, Gauhati University.According to him the youngsters are showing interest in the traditional aspects, but a systematic approach should be made on their part to understand the basics properly. But he feels it will take some time.Karuna Kanta Kakoty, an assistant professor of Lakhimpur Kendra Vidyalaya who has done a PhD on marketing of folklore items, said, \"Modernisation is itself based on tradition and what we see on the TV or videos are not folklore but mere improvisations. It is very important to know what Bihu was 50 years ago and for that archives are a must. My thesis was based on the idea of marketing folklore items of the Assamese, Bodos and the Mishings.\"Boro further stated that if a rural setting is made in an urban environment through the participation of the community as a whole, the \"rustic flavour\" can be preserved. He added that cultural values should never be altered and it is through them the original forms cane be preserved. He said if urban people decide to celebrate Bihu by burning bhela ghars (straw houses) and visiting their neighbours' houses, the true essence can be maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "etawah", "code": "12873730", "title": "Three die in road accidents", "text": "ETAWAH: Three persons lost their lives and four were injured in separate road accidents in Etawah on Wednesday.According to reports, an accident occurred near village Sonai on Mainpuri road, when an auto rickshaw fell down on the road.Sixty-year-old Anoop Katheria, resident of Jhingupura died on the spot. On getting the information, SO Baidpura, Deep Kumar Soni reached at the spot and sent the dead body for post-mortem. Sanju Yadav of Bahadurpura fell down in a well and died. Near Sarai Bhupat railway station, Subhash Yadav was killed when a train hit him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12873490", "title": "Ready for talks with Hiremath: B S Yeddyurappa", "text": "HUBLI: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on Wednesday said he will extend all kind of support to NCPNR founder president S R Hiremath in his fight against illegal mining and corruption and that he is open for any kind of discussions with Hiremath on the issue.Hiremath had alleged on Tuesday that Yeddyrappa's aides were threatening his associates of dire consequences, for not allowing Yeddyurappa to meet him. In an attempt to clear the air, Yeddyrappa said Hiremath should reveal the names of those who threatened his associates and added that suitable action will be taken against them if found guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872641", "title": "\u2018Fake Nasa man had set sights on 25 women\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Oshiwara police probing cheating cases against fake Nasa scientist Atul Sharma , who allegedly cheated a divorcee of Rs 25 lakh after promising to marry her, have found that he was in regular contact with around 25 women via his BlackBerry Messenger (BBM). Cops suspect most of these women to be victims of Sharma's elaborate cons. These women are based in Delhi, Kolkata, Bangalore, Pune and Mumbai and the police will question them about Sharma.An IIT graduate, Sharma (41) posed as a wealthy man with properties in the US. He was arrested on Tuesday after the divorcee, a doctor, filed a complaint against him. Sharma took the money from her on the pretext of getting her land at a discounted rate.At the time of his arrest, Sharma was travelling with another woman, a bank manger, whom he had met three days ago. He had managed to persuade her to marry him. The manager was supposed to pay Sharma Rs 10 lakh for a land and had transferred Rs 1.25 lakh to his account via electronic transfer on Tuesday. As soon as she learnt about Sharma's arrest, she cancelled the transaction. \"The manager told us everything she knew about Sharma and all that he had promised her, but she has refused to file a complaint,\" said inspector Dnyaneshwar Ganore.Sharma was produced before court on Wednesday and remanded in police custody till Monday.According to the police, Sharma has been protesting his innocence. He claims that his photograph with former US president George Bush is genuine and that the man in the photograph with US president Barack Obama is not him. The police have informed Sharma's Lucknow-based family about his arrest. Sharma hasn't visited his family for the last three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12875140", "title": "Violence puts wear and tear in kids\u2019 DNA", "text": "LONDON: Violence at a tender age puts wear and tear in kids' DNA, say researchers . A new study by a Duke University team found that the DNA of 10-year-olds who experienced violence in their young lives has been altered.Smoking, obesity, psychological disorders and stress have been found to possibly accelerate that process of telomere loss.The new report, in the Molecular Psychiatry journal, shows a subset of those children with a history of violent exposures have significantly more telomere loss than other children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12874351", "title": "Namesake fools real candidate for government job", "text": "MALDA: Being the namesake, a fake candidate had almost bagged a government job. But the error was rectified following the timely intervention by the district administration.The incident took place in Malda Collectorate, when one Dipankar Biswas of village Sankarpur under Gazole police station, got the appointment letter for the post of a Group-D staff in the District Magistrate's office after his written test and interview under Public Service Commission (PSC). The medical test and police verification too were performed before he was asked to join the service.At the time of joining, however, the administration found some discrepancies in his personal details. \"The father's name did not match and the officers wanted to see his admit card for the test. But, Dipankar could not produce it. This made the block development officer (BDO) of Gazole probe the matter,\" said sources.The probe revealed that there was another Dipankar Biswas, residing in the same village. Dipankar, the original candidate and son of Dinesh Biswas, got the job while his namesake, son of Sadananda Biswas, failed in the written test.Both of them were old friends , studying in the same school and even appeared for the test together. They also ran a tutorial home at Gazole. Thus, the fake Dipankar managed to get hold of the selection letter of his friend and appeared for the police verification.After the entire fiasco came to the light, the appointment process for the genuine candidate was initiated.Although top officials kept mum on the issue, they blamed the police for the mistake. \"How did police verification fail to expose the truth? Was it done without visiting the village?\" said an official. However, district intelligence branch claimed that the racket at DM's office was responsible for this. \"We were asked to verify the details of Dipankar Biswas, son of Sadananda Biswas. The father's name was also sent by the Collectorate and we verified it duly. Where is our fault?\"Being the namesake a fake candidate gets the govt job only to be replaced at the last moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873884", "title": "Sops for green infrastructure projects", "text": "HYDERABAD: Multi-storied green infrastructure projects in the city could soon get a 20% concession on city-level impact fee. Announcing this on Wednesday, M T Krishna Babu, commissioner, Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), said the matter was in proposal stage and would be implemented over the next few months. The fee is collected for ground plus five and above constructions as there is an impact on the city's infrastructure.The commissioner was speaking at a conference on use of green energy in urban infrastructure, organised by the Federation of Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industry (Fapcci). The concession is being introduced to encourage the industry to adopt 'green' resources. In a recent directive Prime Minister Manmohan Singh had indicated that at least 10% of all infra projects in a state should have renewable energy. In AP the percentage at present is a meager 1.78.\"In the first phase we will be offering the concession to offices and commercial establishments,\" the commissioner said, noting that efforts were on to offer such buildings a cut in electricity bills also.He said that the state government was in talks with APCPDCL on the matter. Currently, projects in Hyderabad using solar energy, as per GO 86, are given a 10% relief on property tax. An additional 10% concession is extended in case the building has a rain water harvesting system installed.A proposal to conserve energy used by streetlights in the city is also in the pipeline, the commissioner said. Once initiated, the project will help cut energy consumption by at least 25%.\"Due to legal issues we have not been able to implement the pilot project yet. We are hoping that the matter will be resolved soon,\" Krishna Babu said stressing on the other projects, such as the 22-km cycling track in Hi-Tec City, that the government had recently undertaken to save energy.The GHMC chief said that the department, in collaboration with the Andhra Pradesh Pollution Control Board would soon start a rigorous pollution awareness campaign as the pollution level at several city junctions is currently an alarming 200-250% higher than permissible limits.Fapcci official Manoj Kumar Agarwal proposed that the government, in addition to the announced sops, should consider offering a rebate on building permit fee to green projects. \"This will benefit buildings that are not multi-storied (more than five floors) also,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12874808", "title": "Police to send traffic tickets to your home", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city cops are transforming the way they tackle traffic offences. Gone are days when khaki-clad men came running to you with a fine slip when you park your vehicle in a no-parking area.From now on, instead of spot warning or fine, you may receive a slip at your home asking you to pay a fine for the offence based on a photo or video grab recorded by the cops.The cops have started using electronic devices such as digital cameras or handheld videocams to record the evidence against traffic offenders. The digital proof is shown to offenders and produced in court if the offenders wish to challenge the imposition of fine. The latest move comes in the wake of a directive from the state police chief asking cops to avoid traditional ways of dealing with motor vehicle offences. Instead they have been asked to rely on technology-based solutions such as surveillance cameras or mobile phone cameras.Each traffic police station here has been provided with two digital and handheld cameras. \"Apart from vehicles obstructing footpath, in cases where street vendors or shops block free movement of pedestrians, the cops take snaps of the offence and book them under Kerala Police Act,\" said Xavier Sebastian, assistant commissioner of police (traffic south).The move to digitize offences is likely to reduce hassles for travellers. \"In Kozhikode we have stopped checking documents as we have directed that only those vehicles that are seen violating any law should be stopped,\" Xavier said.Police officials say an average of 400 traffic offences are booked in city every day. Currently only 40% of these offences are booked the digital way. Cameras or other surveillance techniques won't be used in offences driving with out wearing helmet or seat belt and drink-driving. The cops have also been directed not to chase two-wheeler riders without helmets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875034", "title": "Now, entry in Pench, Nagzira to cost more", "text": "NAGPUR: Close on the heels of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) jacking up rates for tourists, Pench Tiger Reserve (PTR) and Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary have followed suit. In Nagzira, the guide fee has been doubled from Rs 100 to Rs 200 from April 24. The fee hike in PTR will come into force from May 1, 2012.Now a group of six will have shell out Rs 370 in Nagzira. It will include Rs 200 towards guide fee and Rs 170 towards entry (Rs 20 per person), vehicle (Rs 50) and camera (Rs 5). The fees will be charged per entry. \"We have not hiked the gate fees. The guide fee has been doubled to benefit local people who play an important role in protecting the sanctuary,\" said M S Reddy, conservator of forest (CF) for Gondia Wildlife Division.He added that the instructions were passed on by principal secretary (forest) Praveen Pardeshi during his visit to Nagzira on Saturday and Sunday. \"Taking a cue from Nagzira, we may also hike guide fee in Bor and Tipeshwar,\" said A Ashraf, chief conservator of forests (CCF) and field director for PTR.Ashraf said the executive committee of Pench Tiger Conservation Foundation (TCF) on Wednesday had already decided to increase entry fee per vehicle to Rs 300. In addition, guide fee of Rs 200 will have to be paid. It comes to Rs 500 per vehicle now. \"For 10 or more persons, including driver and guide, an additional Rs 22 per person will be charged,\" Ashraf added.\"The fee will be applicable to capacity of the vehicle as approved by the regional transport office (RTO). The tourists should keep one seat vacant for guide,\" Ashraf said. Fee for eco-hut has also been increased from Rs 400 per day to Rs 500. The meeting did not discuss entry fee for students.On October 19, 2011, the governing body of tiger conservation foundations headed by forest minister Patangrao Kadam, had increased guides fee from Rs 100 to Rs 200 per trip in three tiger reserves - Pench, Tadoba and Melghat. The new rate has already come into force in reserves and now sanctuaries too are implementing it.The Maharashtra State Sanctuaries Guides Union (MSSGU) members have hailed the move. \"Even as inflation flared, guides used to get Rs 100 per trip only. The demand to revise the fee was pending for long. There will be no discrimination too, as guides now operate as per roster system,\" said Prakash Kumre and Puresh Kodape, both guides in Nagzira.Pay more for tigersTadoba-Andhari: Rs 700Pench Tiger Reserve: Rs 500Melghat, Tipeshwar, Bor, Navegaon, Nagziraand other PAs: Rs 375(Sanctuary fee includes Rs 20 for adults, Rs 10 for children, Rs 50 for vehicle and Rs 5 per camera)Tiger capital issue in LSCongress MP from Nagpur Vilas Muttemwar , on Wednesday, raised the issue of promoting Nagpur as the 'world tiger capital' in Lok Sabha under Rule 377. \"Nagpur has immense potential to emerge as a gateway for eco-tourism, especially tiger tourism at global level. The aim of promoting Nagpur as world tiger capital is to make it a safe haven for tigers in the Central Indian landscape,\" Muttemwar told the Lok Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12874765", "title": "Prabhu Daya, trawler owners ink Rs 55L pact; ship freed", "text": "KOCHI: Owners of the Singapore-flagged bulk carrier Prabhu Daya have reached an out-of-the-court agreement with the owner of a fishing trawler that had sunk off the Alappuzha coast following a mid-sea collision. Five fishermen were killed in the incident.According to the agreement, the shipping firm would pay Rs 55 lakh as compensation for MFV Don-1, the fishing vessel. The settlement comes almost a month after Tolani Shipping Pte Ltd, the ship's owner, reached an agreement to pay Rs 25 lakh each to the relatives of five fishermen killed in the March 1 collision.Tolani Shipping later submitted before the Madras HC that the issue with Jacob Antony, the trawler's owner, was settled. Kerala's director-general of prosecution T Asaf Ali received a communication on Wednesday notifying that the compensation claim was settled in the Madras HC. The notification said the settlement was signed by the shipping line's power-of-attorney holder Seetha Venkitaraman and Jacob Antony for Rs 55 lakh. The HC cancelled its earlier order detaining the ship following the settlement.As part of the settlement, the shipping company has insisted the boat owner should not file any case against it or its officials, and the existing petitions and complaints should be withdrawn.Compensation claims by the dependents of the fishermen killed in the collision were settled by the shipping company on March 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12875040", "title": "Ansari seeks benefit of plea bargain", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gangster-turned-terrorist Aftab Ahmed Ansari on Wednesday sought the benefit of plea bargain from the CBI court in connection with a 2001 incident of smuggling arms and ammunition in the country to spread terror.Plea bargain is an agreement in a criminal case between the prosecution and accused, whereby the accused agrees to plead guilty in return for a lenient sentence. It allows both the parties to avoid lengthy criminal proceedings.Ansari told the court that there are little chance of extreme punishment in this case and he has already been sentenced to death in another case, so his pleading guilty could perhaps spare him from the trial. Designated CBI judge R M Parmar has kept his decision on this request on Thursday, as the case is at the stage of framing charges, said prosecutor R S Meena.Ansari has been condemned to death for terrorist attack on the American Centre in Kolkata. He is facing trial here in the 2001 case, wherein two persons - Asabudding alias Shaukat and Aqib Ali Khan have been convicted in January to 10-year rigorous imprisonment. The duo was caught on October 27, 2001, near Santalpur in north Gujarat with four kilogram of RDX, two AK-56, 524 cartridges, six magazines, 10 non-electronic detonators and pistols. They had fired on cops when intercepted.Ansari too was chargesheeted in this case, but he could not be tried because he was lodged in other prison. He was arrested from Dubai after the terror attack on American Centre, as two of the attackers disclosed his involvement in their dying declaration. He was deported to India on February 9, 2002. He was part of terror outfit Asif Reza Commando Force (ARCF) that reportedly had links with Harkat-ul-Jehadi-e-Islam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12875283", "title": "Gajapati Tibetans celebrate Panchen Lama's birthday", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Tibetans settled in Gajapati district's Chandragiri area on Wednesday celebrated the birthday of the Panchen Lama, Gedhun Chockyi Nyima. They also urged the Chinese government to release the leader from its captivity.To mark the occasion, the Tibetan settlers performed rituals wishing the spiritual leader a long life. The Tibetan Women's Association, Chandragiri, had organized the meeting.Panchen Lama, who holds the second-highest rank in Tibetan Budhism, was allegedly abducted by the Chinese government about 17 years ago, when he was only 6-year-old.\"Even though we have no information on his well-being or if he is still alive, we celebrated his birthday wishing him a long life,\" the chairman of the local Tibetan assembly, Khenpo Pema Tenphel, said.He said the Dalai Lama had nominated the six-year-old boy as the incarnation of the 10th Panchen Lama. Three days later, on May 17, 1995, the Chinese government allegedly abducted the boy and his parents who are untraceable till date.\"We condemned and urged the Chinese government for early and safe release of Panchen Lama,\" the Tibet Freedom Movement president Karma Tsungyal said. Mignar, president of the women's association, condemned the Chinese government saying the Tibetans in their own country was living in panic due to violation of human rights by China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873871", "title": "Disputed land near Ramoji Film City goes in favour of State Wakf Board", "text": "HYDERABAD: The State Wakf Board (SWB) that had recently taken up the fight against encroachment of 423 acre Almaspet mosque land located near Ramoji Film City has won the first round.Of this prime land, the government had acquired about 3.5 acres for the expansion of NH-9 between Hyderabad and Vijayawada. As the ownership of the land was under dispute between SWB and encroachers, the compensation amounting to Rs 33 lakh was deposited in court. \"With the intervention of the office of the district collector and revenue officials, the acquired land was declared as that of the SWB and the money transferred to the board,\" SWB chairman Syed Shah Ghulam Afzal Biabani informed TOI on Wednesday. The tahsildar has started making changes in the property documents, he said.The Qutub Shahi period Almaspet mosque is located in Devalamma village in Choutuppal mandal of Nalgonda district. The land, worth Rs 4 crore per acre, is situated on the two sides of the national highway. In the interior the land price is said to be about Rs 1 crore per acre. The total value of the land is estimated at over Rs 1000 crore. The entire property is notified as wakf land.In November last year the SWB had challenged the ownership of the land which was under encroachment of 2012 persons and approached the district collector for the rectification of records. Following the SWB action, some of the encroachers moved the high court where they were told to deposit certain amount before pursuing their cases.SWB Nalgonda district inspector Mohammed Mazharuddin, who followed up the case, said that the encroachment became rampant after the death of the Mutawalli of the mosque Syed Meeran Hussaini in 1991. It took nearly 20 years for his son Syed Akbar Hussaini to become the legally recognized Mutawalli. During this period some influential persons either encroached the land or sold it away to gullible customers.\"We expect the tahsildar to inform the board about the latest position and then the process of taking the possession of the land will begin,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873601", "title": "Man stopped on way home, shot dead", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was shot dead by unidentified persons in Bawana area of outer Delhi on Tuesday.The deceased, Karambeer Singh (35), was a resident of Sultanpur Dabas in west Delhi and ran a transport business in Bawana, police said.The incident took place when Singh was returning home with his three friends after attending a wedding in Burari. At around 11.15pm, Singh's car reached the Firni Road when someone pelted a stone at the windscreen. \"Singh pulled over and got down to check what happened. Just when he came out, a bullet hit his face,\" said a police officer.Immediately, Singh's friends informed police and rushed him to a nearby hospital but he was declared brought dead. \"The bullet hit Singh in his right eye, and he died due to excessive bleeding. A case of murder has been registered,\" said a senior cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873487", "title": "Banks' inspection reports to come under RTI: Central Information Commission", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a significant order passed by the Central Information Commission, inspection reports of banks can be disclosed under the RTI Act. And, the Reserve Bank of India cannot deny disclosing the report stating that it can have ill-effects on the economy.The CIC's order came in a case pertaining to Kanpur-based United Mercantile Cooperative Bank Ltd. in its order, the CIC stated that the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should disclose the audit report of the bank, because citizens have the right to know and not disclosing the report is \"against the basic tenets of democracy and transparency\".It was in July 2011 that one of the share-holders of the said cooperative bank, Ashwini Dixit, had sought the copies of the annual audit of the bank conducted by RBI. The bank had allegedly committed a fraud and the local newspapers had widely reported the matter. \"The bank has not paid me even a single penny as dividend from 1997 to 2008,\" said Dixit. He had filed an RTI application with both the Urban Cooperative department and RBI. \"I only wanted to know if the non-performing assets of the bank were going up every year, and what was RBI doing to curb that,\" said Dixit.While, the cooperative department has remained mum all along, despite seven appeals being filed in the case, RBI has provided only partial information. \"I have filed complaints in the state information commission also, but none of them have come up for hearing, till now,\" he said. Meanwhile, CIC, on March 12, had asked RBI to provide the information to the appellant.The information was sought about scams/economic inconsistencies of United Mercantile Cooperative Bank Ltd. along with the daily progress report. RBI denied the information saying it is exempted from disclosure under section 8(1)(a) of the RTI Act. Section 8(1)(a) of the RTI Act exempts, \"information, disclosure of which would prejudicially affect the sovereignty and integrity of India, the security, strategic, scientific or economic interests of the state, relation with foreign state or lead to incitement of an offence.\"RBI was of the opinion that disclosing the observations of the report will affect other institutions also, which might have business relations with the said bank. This might also dilute public confidence in banking system. However, CIC said it is unable to understand how disclosing information about action taken by RBI against scams/inconsistencies of the said bank, along with the daily progress reports, will affect the economic interests of the nation or its security and sovereignty.CIC also did not buy the argument by RBI that disclosure of inspection reports and the information submitted to RBI or collected by RBI would be detrimental to the interest of depositors, public and banking policies. And, it is not allowed under the Banking Regulation Act, 1949. CIC, in accordance with the section 22 of the RTI Act, however, held that provisions of RTI Act will override the provisions of the Banking Regulation Act, as regards furnishing the information.RBI said that it cannot share the information as it could \"adversely affect public interest and compromise financial sector stability\". It might bring out the 'weakness in the financial institutions, systems and management of inspected entities'. The RBI further contended that 'disclosure can erode public confidence not only in the inspected entity but in the banking sector as well.'To which the commission said, \"It appears that RBI is the best judge to decide what citizens should know.\" It further observed, \"It follows that if RBI made mistakes, or there was corruption, citizens should suffer. This appears to go against the basic tenets of democracy and transparency.\" However, RBI, instead of providing the information has now moved court in the matter, said Dixit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12875370", "title": "Vijs owned 5 more factories without licence", "text": "JALANDHAR: It was not just the factory, which collapsed on the night of April 15, killing 23 persons, that had violations, but five more factories owned by Vij and his family did not have license to run the factories and were not even registered under Factories Act 1948 - a basic requirement to run a factory.Parmaal Singh, deputy director, factories, has filed five separate criminal complaints -- three against Shital Vij and two against his elder son Shitesh vij - under the Factories Act in the court of chief judicial magistrate Harreet Kaur, who has posted the matter for hearing on July 27.The court has noted that in pursuance of specific allegations put up in the complaint(s), the court found sufficient ground to proceed against the accused under Rule 92 of Factories Act, 1948. Deputy director, factories, has already filed a complaint on Apri l7 against Shital Vij as the collapsed unit was also not registered and Shital did not have a license to run it.These factories have been running for the last many years apparently without attracting any action from the authorities.Interestingly, three of these factories are running in Focal Point Extension on plots which Shital got from Punjab State Industries and Export Corporation on lease basis.These complaints reveal that these factories were not even registered under Factories Act 1948 and Vijs did not have a license to run the factory. For none of these factories, the owners got plans of building and machinery approved from director of factories as mandated by Factories Act. Nor these factories had stability certificates.These complaints have been filed against Shital and Shitesh in their capacities as \"occupier\" and \"manager\". All the three units of Shital Fibers are located in Focal Point on plot nos. C 80, D 60 and C116 and are being run by Shital Vij himself. One unit, Chinar Forge, a carpet manufacturing unit, is being run in Raja Garden, Gadaipur, while the other unit, Shital International, being run by Vij junior as manager and occupier, is located near Gaazi Gulla railway crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "salar (murshidabad)", "code": "12874320", "title": "Bangla 2-seater plane lands in Murshidabad", "text": "SALAR (MURSHIDABAD): A Bangladesh Air Force two-seater plane lost its way after taking off from Jessore airport on Wednesday evening and landed on a paddy field near Raigram village in Murshidabad's Salar.The first report on the PT6 two-seater, with the pilot on board, was received by Border Security Force (BSF) from the Border Guards Bangladesh (BGB). In his last contact with the Jessore Air Traffic Control (ATR), the pilot had informed that he had lost his way due to bad weather. The ATR told the pilot to land wherever possible.The pilot, Rashid Sheikh, chose to land on a paddy field at Raigram. Villagers were taken aback to see the plane, with the Bangladesh flag flying atop. Salar Police, later, cordoned off the plane to prevent villagers from coming close to it. tnnThe pilot, Rashid Sheikh, came out soon. The BSF officials and Murshidabad SP Humayun Kabir were on their way to the village till last reports came in.Till reports last came in, the Indian Air Force (IAF) had not been mobilized in the operation. Though the IAF is aware of the development, the district administration has not sought its help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12874914", "title": "Congress struggling to find candidates for bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: There are no takers in the Congress for tickets for the bypolls. A day after the Election Commission announced that the bypolls to 18 assembly seats and one Lok Sabha constituency would be held on June 12, at least eight candidates shortlisted by PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana have backed out. A desperate Congress high command is now dispatching AICC leaders Ghulam Nabi Azad and Union minister Vayalar Ravi to Hyderabad this week-end to persuade Congress leaders to take on Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress in the bypolls being dubbed as a mini-assembly elections.PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana had prepared a list of 14 names as ruling party candidates for the bypolls last week. However, Congress sources said many of these were mere probables who are now conveying to the state party bosses that they would prefer not to contest. \"Publicly, the leaders are saying that they are backing out because they do not have the Rs 6 to Rs 7 crore needed for bypoll expenditure. However, the reality is that they are of the view that the YSR candidates are very strong and that they do not stand a chance,\" said party sources.For example, the Congress had shortlisted Ananta Subba Reddy as its candidate from Anantapur Urban assembly seat. While Subba Reddy is not averse to contesting the polls, his brother and Anantapur MP A Venkatram Reddy is against Subba contesting on the grounds that he would face a humiliating defeat in the hands of sitting legislator and now YSR Congress nominee G Gurnatha Reddy. The Congress is now scouting for a leader from the minority community to be fielded from Anantapur Urban.From Allagada assembly seat in Kurnool district, the party had shortlisted the name of Gangula Pratap Reddy but on Wednesday, he told the media that he is not keen to contest the bypolls and, in fact, went to the extent of stating that his very continuance in Congress is in doubt.For the Polavaram ST seat, the Congress had proposed the name of Bojjaiah Dora but on Wednesday, Botsa said they are still scouting for a nominee from this assembly seat. According to the sources, the candidates named for many other assembly seats are still to confirm their candidature while the ruling party does not as yet have a nominee for constituencies like Payakaraopet (SC), Prathipadu (SC), Ongole and Macherla. Similar is the situation in Parakal in Warangal district, the lone assembly segment going to the polls in the Telangana region.The main reason for the paucity of candidates for the Congress is said to be former chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy's policy of grooming his protege as the sole leader in each assembly segment. As a result, with the sitting Congress legislators jumping into the Jagan bandwagon, the Congress has no leader of stature left in the 18 constituencies.For example, in Yemmiganur in Kurnool district, with sitting Congress MLA Y Chennakesava Reddy having joined the Jagan camp, the Congress is falling back on Y Rudra Gowda, a TDP leader who joined the ruling party only three months ago.The situation being such, the Congress will have to field either middle-level leaders or newcomers in most of the 18 assembly seats, the sources said. These include freshers like T J R Sudhakar Babu from Prathipadu (SC) seat. However, even these inexperienced leaders are said to be demanding that the party fund their election expenses. Finance has become a major issue as many Congress leaders want to mobilize enough funds to contest the 2014 assembly elections which is barely a year and half away.With the Congress facing a crisis even before the bypolls are held, Azad and Ravi are expected in Hyderabad on Sunday. However, with May 25 being the last date for filing nominations, Congress is hopeful that it would have its candidates list ready by that date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12875201", "title": "Gold sales cross Rs 12 cr in Indore on Akshaya Tritiya", "text": "INDORE: Despite the gold rules at Rs 29,000 per ten gm, it seldom prevented people to throng jewellery shops for buying the yellow metal on the auspicious occasion of Akshya Tritiya on Tuesday here. According to city gold merchant association, the jewellery sales crossed Rs 12 crore on Tuesday.While it was the light-weight jewellery, which was the flavour of the season, people were seen to be going for diamond jewellery as well on the occasion. Platinum jewellery too was also in demand. Even as gold prices were ruling at Rs 29,000 per 10 gm as compared to last year's Rs 22,000 per 10 gm, there was no let up in the demand for the yellow metal.Hukum Soni, president, Indore Sarafa Association, told ToI that it was true gold remained very much in demand on the auspicious occasion of Akshaya Tritiya, but people were seen vying for diamond jewellery too. He said total sales of jewellery in the sarafa market, comprising nearly 2,000 jewellers, crossed the mark of Rs 12 crore on the occasion this year.As an impact of gold price being on the upward move, the light-weight jewellery was comparatively more in demand as compared to heavy-weight ones. Gaurav Anand, a city-based jeweller, said that light-weight jewellery was more in demand during the sales on the occasion of the traditional festival.While big buyers of yellow metal were there at jewellery shops for heavy buying as usual, there was a slight drop in small buyers, which comprises those who go for gold buying on a shoe-string budget.Ajai Anand, partner, Punjabi Saraf, said that people were seen buying gold for either gifting or wedding purposes. But, there was not much crowd comprising investors, who normally buy gold coins for investment, added Anand. The gold and diamond jewelleries were sold in the ratio of 60:40 this year on the occasion. Yes, there were quite a few customers for platinum jewellery too, he added.Though unbranded jewellery items were sold like anything, there was a rise in demand for branded jewellery too. Vinod Garg, Indore-based franchisee of Gitanjali Jewellers, said that there was good demand for gold jewellery on the occasion, as against diamond and platinum jewellery on Tuesday.Ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12874834", "title": "Airlines, flyers to pay more for using IGI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Flying out of Delhi has become more expensive. The government on Wednesday allowed Delhi airport to hike landing-parking charges levied on airlines by 346% and also introduced a new user development fee (UDF) on both departing and arriving passengers in the range of Rs 195.80 to Rs 1,068. These hikes will come into effect on May 15 this year.DIAL (Delhi Airport International Private Ltd) sources estimated the collective impact of these two factors on domestic passengers at Rs 320 and on international passengers at Rs 840. Airlines, however, said the hike would be much steeper, in the range of Rs 1,500-3,800 for international passengers and Rs 200-600 for domestic passengers.The new UDF is in addition to the airport development fee (ADF) of Rs 200 and Rs 1,300 that's paid by outbound domestic and international passengers, respectively.The order is expected to affect millions of passengers across the country and internationally as IGI Airport handled about 35.94 million passengers in 2011-12, which is expected to rise to about 40 million in the next fiscal year. The tariff order issued by the Airport Economic Regulatory Authority is for financial years 2012-13 and 2013-14 and allows a further 7% hike in airport charges and UDF to factor in inflation. So UDF will rise by up to Rs 60 next fiscal.The 346% hike in landing-parking charges has not left anyone happy. While DIAL, which had sought a 774% hike, said \"the revision of charges is much below our expectations\", airlines and passengers complained the rise was very steep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12875718", "title": "Water of this pond has turned from bluish white to green", "text": "VARANASI: It is difficult to ignore the mythological significance of Laxmi Kund and benefits of bathing at this pond, but I still prefer to bathe at the kund with water brought from home, says Vijay Gupta, a local of Luxa. His house is situated adjacent to the pond. His statement is a clear reflection of the condition of this waterbody that TOI team verified during its recent visit to the pond, one of the oldest ponds in the city.Heaps of garbage , including plastic bags and polythene, were found to be dumped near the main entrance point to the kund, while leftovers of rituals, including rotten flowers and garlands along with articles used in religious functions, were dumped in the kund. Its water had also turned pale green due to decomposition of wastes and the bed of pebbles and stones was also visible from the stairs, enough to drive away devotees.Even as the kund was included in the list of 10 prominent ponds for resurrection under a project of tourism department almost three years ago, the signs of improvement in the condition of the kund were hardly visible except for the erection of a signboard and nameplate depicting mythological significance of the kund. While the lighting arrangements were conspicuous by their absence, even the iron railings were not made to check infiltration. The beautification and strengthening of concrete platform and stairs, locally referred to as 'ghat', was done by the Central Public Works Department and then handed over to the Varanasi Nagar Nigam in 2010. As the kund holds mythological significance, a drive to clean the kund was also carried out on the occasion, said Dinesh Kumar, regional tourism officer.It may be mentioned here that apart from its mythological significance, the kund also hosts a number of religious functions and occasions including the Sorahiya Mela, a 16 days-long fair attracting devotees from different parts of the region. Apart from a temple of Goddess Laxmi at the kund, devotees also throng the Hanuman Temple and Kalighat after taking a holy dip in the kund.\"The kund witnesses turnout of an average of 50 to 100 people daily for a dip. But, it is only devotion that prompts the devotees to take a holy dip in the water body as its is extremely unhygienic. If people do not care about its maintenance and preserve the sanctity of the kund, it will also start to lose its importance, driving away the devotees in the future,\" added Kedar Nath, a local resident and septuagenarian. He claims to have witnessed the holy water of the kund turning from bluish white to green.Mythological significance of Laxmi KundThe kund situated in Luxa area in the heart of the city owes its existence to blessings of Lord Shiva, who made the holy city a permanent abode. According to Hindu mythology, Lord Shiva sent a total of 64 yoginis (women representatives) to look after preservation of the water bodies including ponds. While the Chausatthi Mata (who generated 64 yoginis) temple came into existence on Chausatthi Ghat on the banks of the Ganga, Mayuri yogini was given the responsibility of looking after the Laxmi Kund along with Ram Kund and Sita Kund that existed in the area.The Laxmi Kund also hosts 16 days-long fair locally called Sorahiya Mela in the holy month of Bhadrapada, and it culminates with Jiutputrika, where women devotees keep day-long fast without consuming a drop of water for the welfare and long life of sons in the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pen (raigad)", "code": "12875498", "title": "Pen project: Rehab concerns for residents of 13 villages", "text": "PEN (RAIGAD): A 19th century cottage where Vinoba Bhave was born in 1895 stands in Gagode village in Pen taluka, Raigad. While the historical ashram will not be affected, a portion of Gagode will be among the 13 villages expected to be submerged once the controversial Balganga dam is ready.Cidco officials said 1, 522 hectares (3, 800 acres) would be affec project, scheduled to be completed within a year. But protests a n d a g i t at i o n s against land acquisition are gathering steam as close to 8, 000 people are to be uprooted. Eight of the 13 villages will be to tally displaced, and the rest partially, said Surekha Dalvi of the Shramik Kranti Sanghtana, a local NGO fighting on behalf of the affected villagers.Over 300 hectares of the total affected area is forest land;the NGO alleges that there is no permission from the forest department. The tender was awarded even before the land acquisition process started. Today, the dam is almost complete but the rehabilitation and compensation have not been decided, said Dalvi. However, government officials said the sluice gates would be opened only after every villager was relocated.Most families hold less than an acre. Their lives depend on rice cultivation. We do not know where the government plans to rehabilitate us, said Waman Tilak, a local. B S Dhundera, who leads a group fighting for proper rehabilitation, said the authorities last month issued a second land acquisition notice after the first one issued in 2010 lapsed. A petition filed by villagers in the high court two years ago said a government resolution stipulates that resettlement must be planned and provided before a project is undertaken. However, in the present case, the procedure was not followed, said the petition. The petitioners aid i nitially it eemed t hat the dam was for proiding water to the Reliance SEZ. The SEZ project fell hrough, but the dam was still pushed through at the instance of interested persons, only to provide support to infrastructural facilities, which are likely to come up in the area.Villagers said three dams already exist in the vicinityHetavane, Morbi and Paravajiand there was no need to build another one. These three dams are enough to provide water to Navi Mumbai, they said.Gajanan Gurav, another local, said if the government was going to charge for the water supplied from the Balganga dam, villagers should receive a royalty. The sanghtana said the dam was first proposed by the MMRDA in 1995 at a cost of Rs 103 crore. In 2009, the estimate was Rs 353 crore. Its intriguing that the cost shot up so drastically within three years, said Dalvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873738", "title": "Woman gets a gift, husband kills her for two-timing", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been held for killing his wife on suspicion of infidelity. The accused had killed his wife a few weeks ago and made it appear as an accident. He had also taken her to the hospital; but it turned out later that the woman had died of bullet wounds.Amit, a resident of Tajpur village in Chhawla, killed his wife Shalu with a countrymade pistol, cops said. He told police that he suspected Shalu of having an affair with a youth. A friend had gifted a fridge to his wife a few days ago and this was the trigger for the murder, police said.\"On April 10, information was received from a hospital that a woman admitted after a road accident had died,\" said A K Ojha, additional commissioner of police. Autopsy revealed that Shalu had died after a bullet injury.Shalu's father suspected foul play as the couple had developed a strained relation. He alleged that Amit would often beat up Shalu.On April 4 Shalu's friend gifted her a refrigerator, which triggered arguments between husband and wife,\" said Ojha. On April 10, Amit urged his wife to accompany him to a hospital and Shalu agreed. \"On the way, Amit shot Shalu dead and threw the weapon into the bushes. Later, he made up a story about an accident,\" Ojha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873572", "title": "With tiger gone, scientists set to continue work", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) in Rahmankhera, Malihabad will be back to its old, usual routine where people can work without fear of a tiger attack looming over them. The scientists of the institute have not been able to perform even the essential operations as part of their field experiments for last more than three months.\"A lot of damage was caused to the experiment material of 'bael' by the elephants called in for catching the tiger. Even the extension programme could not be taken up for fear of tiger. We are thankful that forest officers have finally trapped it safely,\" said H Ravishankar, director, CISH.The tiger lived on the campus of the institute for at least two months, before it moved out in March. Rahmankhera has forest in dense, scattered patches. Behta nullah and blue bulls in abundance make Rahmankhera a perfect habitat. The CISH campus merges with the forest on the rear thus, making it easier for the tiger to slip in and out of the campus at its will. The pugmarks of the tiger could be seen in the orchard of the institute at any point of time.The tiger's presence in CISH was first noticed on January 9. A half-eaten carcass of a blue bull which was found on the institute's premises on January 8/9 was initially believed to have been eaten by either a jackal or a hyena, as Rahmankhera also has these carnivores in abundance. But, forest officers verified that the pugmarks were that of a tiger. The fur of the big cat was also found enmeshed in fences put up in the area.During this period, the working of the institute got affected badly due to the tiger. The scientists and employees, just to take pictures of the plantations, had to seek permission from forest department, especially when visiting the blocks most frequented by the tiger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12874934", "title": "Wipro\u2019s pay hike surprised many: TK Kurien", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro entered Q4 with multiple challenges , including market volatility. Despite these, it could deliver within its guidance range. CEO T K Kurien talks about the mission he is on in an interview with TOI. Excerpts:Your flat guidance pushed the markets into a tumble. How do you react to this?We are playing a long-term game. It's very important that we remained consistent to what our beliefs are, that's exactly the reason why we have announced a compensation increase and I'm sure that caught everyone by surprise . People were expecting us to follow our competitor and not announce an increase .On an average, the increase will be in the 6-8 % range, while critical skills like software architecture, program management and domain depth will get more. The hike will be effective across the board from June.Is it not natural for companies to freeze salaries during tough times?Industries go through good times and bad times. But what you do in hard times and not in good times defines the culture of the company. We can't announce in one year that June 1 will see a salary increase and next year, say December 30, will see a salary increase and then say 'no salary increase' . You have to remain consistent.Is there a concern in retaining senior talent?Great people build companies. We would like to be in a position where the greatest people work for us. When they work for us, we want to make sure that they are comfortably happy and extremely productive in what we do. That's where impact comes from. The reality is in our business in a hyper-competitive world, your ability to make an impact keeps you in the company . Just because you're around, it doesn't mean you've to keep senior management. You have to go everyday and make an impact. That's the strong belief. Performance keeps you in the job.You have posted a negative hiring this year. Has your hiring focus changed?Our hiring policies have not changed. Our investment in training people will significantly go up. We will do far more assessments . You create people who are employable. The minute you have employability as the criteria, you start treating people like assets and not just tools of delivery. We can't head for the hills at the first sign of trouble.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873765", "title": "Mega food park project to take off soon", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government will soon clear the decks for setting up the state's first mega food park project. Pending since 2010, when the Union ministry of food processing industries gave an in-principle approval to a proposal submitted by Aditya Birla Nuvo Limited (ABNL), the food park project will come up at Jagdishpur in Sultanpur district.The project was, till now, caught in a web of technical complications.With the new Samajwadi Party government appearing eager to boost the industry presence in UP, the project is likely to take off soon.Speaking to TOI, UP's Infrastructure and Industrial Development Commissioner AK Gupta, said: ''The project was delayed because of some technical concerns regarding the land lease. Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation, which is the owner of the land will take a decision in this regard soon.''Currently, UPSIDC bylaws permit only two land leases to be issued. Holding the first lease itself, the second sub-lease for the MFP land is with ABNL.However, according to the Central government rules for setting up a food park, the land holdings must be in the names of the individual processing units.Since ABNL cannot further lease this land to individual units, the government is now trying to iron out the concerns, either by amending the UPSIDC by-laws, or by selling additional land, adjacent to the existing MFP, to ABNL.In such a case, Aditya Birla Nuvo Limited (ABNL) will hold the first lease and can issue the sub-lease to individual processing units,'' Gupta said.With UPSIDC is deliberating over the matter at present and a decision is likely soon.Setting up a mega food park in UP is expected to leverage the state's position as a leading supplier of raw materials - UP leads in producing wheat, sugar, potato, milk and livestock - in agriculture.The scheme is expected to raise India's processing of perishables from the existing 6% to 20%, value addition from 20% to 35% and the share in global food trade from 1.5% to 3% by 2015.In this light, the current project was expected to tap into UP's potential by developing the value chain from the farm to the market.Since the scheme will be developed on a cluster-based approach, it will be driven by demand, pre-marketed and would facilitate food processing units to meet environmental, safety and social standards.The expected outcome is increased realization for farmers, creation of high quality rural processing infrastructure, reduction in wastage, capacity building of the producers and processors and creation of an efficient supply chain along with significant direct and indirect employment generation.According to ABNL's existing proposal, the Central Processing Centre (CPC) will be set up at Jagdishpur, with primary processing centres at Sultanpur city, Faizabad, Rae Bareli, Barabanki, Lucknow, Pratapgarh, Ambedkar Nagar and Jaunpur.The company has also proposed to acquire 70 acres of land from UPSIDC in Jagdishpur industrial area or seek UPSIDC's permission to have the requisite land transferred from Indo Gulf Fertilisers to the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) floated for setting up the MFP.Though the company had, in its initial proposal, proposed to hold 94% equity in the SPV to be floated for the MFP, it has, subsequently, agreed to keep its equity at a maximum of 74%, as desired by the government.Significantly, the UP government had earlier, launched a food park scheme, but it failed to create waves in the state.Currently though five food parks exist in UP, only one - at Sahjanwa, Gorakhpur - has been able to remain profitable since its inception in 2005.Attempting to bridge the gaps through the new 3-tier MFP scheme, the government also made provisions for an efficient supply chain and backward linkages.The scheme will also provide processing, packaging, environmental protection systems, quality control laboratories and trade facilitation centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12872779", "title": "Woman\u2019s nude body discovered at Lok Nayak Hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after a half-naked body of a 22-year-old woman was discovered in Nehru Place, another bare body of a young woman was found inside the Lok Nayak Hospital complex near Delhi Gate on Wednesday afternoon, creating a sensation among resident doctors and nurses.Police said they had not yet established the woman's identity or the cause of death. The body was in a decomposed and swollen condition which indicated that the victim had died at least two-three days ago, they added.The body, without any clothes on, was found near the hostels for resident doctors and nurses (behind the burns ward). Both hostels are inside a gated compound with several guards at the entrance and on rounds.The lower half of the body, sources said, was intact while the upper half was disfigured - possibly the handiwork of a killer. The body did not have any burn injuries, police said. It was unlikely that the crime took place at the spot, said sources.Cops have not been able to identify the woman, whose decomposed body was found inside LNJP Hospital. \"As of now, inquest proceedings are on as per section 174 of CrPC. Details of missing persons in the district and nearby areas are being scanned to establish identity. We are waiting for the autopsy report to ascertain more details,\" said Devesh Chandra Srivastava, Additional CP, southwest.Sources said if the woman was murdered, it was unlikely that the crime took place at the spot. There were no blood spots at the scene of crime and no footwear was recovered, police said.The police received a call around 1pm from a labourer working in the area. The crime and forensic teams were called in to collect evidence and the body was being preserved at the hospital mortuary.Residents said that the spot where the body was found was frequented by people at all time of the day.A senior police officer told TOI that going by circumstantial evidence and the fact that the body was in a decomposed condition, two possibilities emerged.\"One, body of the victim was brought from outside and dumped from a moving car and, two, the woman was killed in one of the rooms on the campus and dumped late at night,\" he said.Police suspect the woman may have been sexually assaulted. Police were waiting for medical reports to ascertain these details. The body was spotted by a labourer, identified as Sita.\"The body was swollen and had no clothes on. There were no blood spots. A lot of policemen and guards came to the spot and the body was quickly taken away,\" she told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12875679", "title": "Cycle rickshaws decline on records but grow on roads", "text": "VARANASI: Though cycle rickshaws can be seen everywhere in the city, records of the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) say their numbers are shrinking every year. No new licence has been issued to any rickshaw puller after financial year 2008-2009 when 1,318 new licences were issued and 14,744 licences were renewed. That accounts for 16,062 rickshaws in the city.The records started declining afterwards, with 14,527 licences renewed in financial year 2009-2010 and 13,276 licences renewed in financial year 2010-2011. As per the records of the VNN, in the past financial year 2011-2012, the number of rickshaw pullers on papers had shrunk to 11,709. However, if one went by one's own impression of the situation, there are still a large number of rickshaws, contributing to chaos on roads.According to licensing officer Reeta Rani Vikram, tightening of rules and regulations for the issuing of licence is responsible for this trend. There are two kinds of licences, one authorises the ownership and another is the driving licence. To reduce the traffic load on city roads, the VNN has stopped issuing new ownership licences to rickshaw owners.According to VNN licensing officials though new ownership licences were not issued from Sigra office, some rickshaw owners got their licence issued from the Cantonment Board and plied rickshaws in the main city. It is not illegal but increases the density of cycle-rickshaws in the city. \"There is no upper limit set for the number of rickshaws in the city. However, as greater number of rickshaws lead to traffic congestion, we try to check that the number of rickshaws should not exceed by 15,000 in the city. The situation is worse with illegal immigrants from Bangladesh , Bengal, Bihar and other areas. We are authorised to provide licence only to the domicile of Uttar Pradesh,\" says Reeta. Before the renewal of a licence, the person was asked for an identity proof like ration card, voter identity card, and residential proof. Apart from that there are various other norms to comply with.\"We conduct drives to check unauthorised rickshaw-pullers. We have divided the city into five different zones, viz. Durgakund, Sigra, Cantonment, Adampura and trans-Varuna,\" informed Reeta. According to Reeta, each day, some 50 unauthorised rickshaws were confiscated and brought to the VNN office in Sigra against a fine of Rs 50.According to Imtiyaz Khan from licensing office, VNN, the age of the driver should not be less than 20 years and should not exceed 50 years and should be at least 5\"4 in height. After the completion of such criteria, a medical fitness check up is performed to see if the driver is suffering from any kind of heart , lung or other diseases and then traffic inspectors give training to these drivers on a daily basis to educate them about traffic rules. But there is no compulsion on the regularity and attendance of the rickshaw-pullers to attend the traffic education at VNN, leaving a major section ignorant about how to move on roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873122", "title": "Green nod for Ambedkar memorial", "text": "MUMBAI: A committee set up to resolve contentious issues related to utilization of the 12-acre Indu Mill land in Worli for setting up Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar memorial on Wednesday agreed in principle to change zoning of the plot. The Worli mill land belongs to National Textile Corporation and falls in the coastal regulation zone. To facilitate the transfer of the plot to the state, approval of the union ministry of environment and forests is mandatory.The state had proposed that the plot be derecognized and reserved for setting up the memorial.The state had proposed to offer transfer of development rights (TDR) to the extent of the permissible floor space index (FSI) for the plot, which 1.33. With the plot measuring about 48,000 sq m, the state has offered TDR of 64,000 sq m to NTC. Also, the state has said it will as a \"special case\" to permit utilization of TDR in the island city. As per existing norms, TDR can be loaded only on construction projects in the suburbs.But since TDRs are not applicable to CRZ projects, it is necessary to obtain MoEF approval.The committee has sought a concept plan for the use of the land. State officials said that plans were to keep a sizeable portion of the land open while developing facilities for pilgrims, a vipassana centre, a museum and a university of social justice on the remaining portion. The panel has also asked the state to submit a formal proposal regarding various permis-sions needed.The proposal will simultaneously be referred to the union law ministry and would then be placed before the state cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12874397", "title": "Women's panel to probe 'attack' on collector", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The state women's commission will probe the alleged attack on Sambalpur collector Mrinalini Darswal by some lawyers on Monday.\"Some lawyers allegedly attacked the woman collector on Monday. They also ransacked her office in Sambalpur. Lawyers are not above the law,\" said Dr Jyoti Panigrahi, the chairperson of State Commission for Women.She was talking to media persons here on Wednesday after attending a court camp.She said Integrated Anti-Human Trafficking Units ( IAHTU) would be established in all the 30 districts within a year. At present, only six districts have such units.To check fake marriages in the coastal pockets of Kendrapada and other districts, all marriages should be registered and Self Help Group (SHG) members should take responsibility to register all the marriages,\" she said.A large number of under trial women prisoners have been languishing in the jails of the state owing to non availability of bailers.The commission would conduct legal camps in the jails to release the women prisoners at the earliest, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12875667", "title": "Polytechnic student killed by friend for Rs 500", "text": "KARNAL: After unearthing a contact killing case in which a student was killed for having an affair with a local girl, in which the supari of Rs 10,000 came from New Zealand, the district police on Wednesday cracked yet another case in which a polytechnic student was killed by friends for Rs 500.The police dug out the motive behind the mysterious death of Vijay Kumar of Rajiv Colony of the district, a second year student at Vidyawati Polytechnic in Sambhli, which brought to light that he had been pushed into the Bhakra canal by his own friends as he owed them Rs 500.Making this disclosure in Karnal on Wednesday, SHO Jaspal Singh Dhillon said that Vijay Kumar was missing since April 17 and his body had been fished out of the canal on April 23. He said that after the family of the boy raised suspicion of murder against Himanshu and Naveen, two of Vijay's friends, they started to investigate their alleged role in the boy's death.The SHO said it was found that on April 17 Naveen and Himanshu called Vijay to Naveen's house where they had hatched a conspiracy to kill him. There the two offered liquor to Vijay, which was consumed by the three of them and as Vijay started to fall conscious due to intoxication, Himanshu asked Vijay to take him to the Bhakra canal and push him into the water.Dhillon said that after cracking the case the police arrested Himanshu and Naveen on Wednesday and they would be produced before a court of law on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12875346", "title": "Cameron caught in Murdoch storm", "text": "LONDON: British PM David Cameron has been sent scurrying for cover following revelations made by media mogul Rupert Murdoch's son, James, about the closeness between News Corp and the minister for culture, media and sport, Jeremy Hunt , in the government.James's testimony before a judicial inquiry into phonehacking and press standards being conducted by Lord Justice Brian Leveson suggested close consultation between him and Hunt in respect of a controversial bid by News Corp to increased its holding in British direct-to-home service provider BSkyB from 39% to 100%. This was based on 163 pages of emails.Forced to make a statement on the subject in the House of Commons on Wednesday , Hunt claimed he had \"strictly followed due process\" . He denied News Corp had any \"back channel\" of influence . Hunt was helped by a statement from Frederic Michel , director of public affairs at News Corp and the author of many of the emails to James, that his references to \"JH\" in emails were actually shorthand for Smith, and that he had had no direct contact with Hunt.Labour leader Ed Miliband alleged that \"a shadow of sleaze will hang of this (Cameron's ) government\" , because the PM and his finance minister , George Osborne , \"would not come clean\" on their meetings with the Murdochs and other News Corp executives. Facing a fusillade of aggressive questions in the cauldron of the Commons, Cameron ferociously defended Hunt. He said his cabinet colleague \"has my full support for the excellent job that he does\" .In his deposition, Rupert Murdoch said there were five meetings with Cameron after he became PM. Cameron has detailed only one.Murdoch was also asked about his relationship to politics and British \"toffs\" which the Australian-born mogul has lampooned as snobbish and inefficient.\"I have never asked a PM for anything,\" Murdoch said with steely calm when asked about his links to former PM Margaret Thatcher . \"It is only natural for politicians to reach out to editors and sometimes proprietors, if they are available, to explain what they are doing. But I was only one of several.\"Some politicians had expected Murdoch, who has been courted by PMs and presidents for decades, to come out fighting, having been on the back foot for a year over newspaper phone hacking scandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873762", "title": "Servant loots ex-employer in South Delhi, held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A domestic help has been arrested for committing burglary in the house of his former employer in South Delhi.Kailash Sharma (24), stole gold and diamond jewellery, electronic items and foreign currency worth several lakhs from his employer's house in Anand Lok, police said.The employer Surender Kishan Gupta had filed a complaint on March 31 that there was a burglary in his house while his family had gone out. Gupta suspected his ex-employee Kailash, who had left the job about six months ago. Sharma was traced to a house in Niti Bagh where he was working at present. He was arrested by police earlier this week.Sharma disclosed that wherever he worked, he committed thefts and then switched jobs. Police has recovered jewellery worth Rs 15 lakh, 2,500 dollars and an Apple iphone. \"He would get hold of the keys of the house and make duplicate ones. When he got the chance, he would steal valuables and flee,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP South.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12874070", "title": "Mega-play 'Jaanta Raja' in city today", "text": "NASHIK: The mega Marathi play magnum opus, Jaanta Raja, based on the life of Chhatrapati ShivajiMaharaj, will be staged from today till April 30 at 6pm at Bhonsala military college ground.The play will be enacted against a set which is said to be a massive replica of the Shaniwarwada, Pune, the headquarters of the Maratha empire.The stage is almost complete at Bhonsala Military College ground for the mega Marathi play Jaanta Raja, based on the life of the great Maratha warrior king Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj.The five-storeyed stage is 135 feet by 45 feet in size. Additionally, an 18-feet statue of the goddess Bhavani Mata has also been erected. Along with this the play will execute the grandeur using a throne, the clothes of the artistes worth Rs 10 lakh, elephants, horses, camels, canons and the fireworks depicting Shivaji's coronation ceremony -- all of which promise to transport the audience to the Maratha period of the 17th century.The play brings alive Shivaji's life from the Yadava period to his Shivaji's coronation.The play, conceptualised by 'Shivshahir' Baba saheb Purandare is organised by Shiv Shahi Pratishthan.\"Babasaheb Purandare is expected but we are not sure of the day when he would be here,\" said Ganesh More, one of the organisers. \"The collections from the play are used for charity purpose and this time the funds would be channelized for constructing a pathology lab, free of cost to all,\" More said.The play was first staged in 1985 at Shivaji Park, Mumbai, and thousands of performances have been conducted in various cities of the state until now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12874957", "title": "Management students complete one year at XLRI", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The general management students at XLRI School of Business and Human Resources, completed one year of their flagship programme, this month. The batch comprising 121 students had an enriching experience visiting remote villages in the Steel city to gain knowledge about rural life conditions.The program christened 'rural exposure programme' was designed to help students to explore the possibilities of business opportunities and resources in rural India further assisting and supporting people in the villages to have control over their product, resources and to expand their market reach as well. The students also took", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873192", "title": "Park car near home, you may have to cough up fee", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you've been parking your vehicles on the street opposite your house, you may have to cough up a fee soon. The special task force (STF) formed by the Delhi high court has proposed levying charges for on-street parking in colonies. \"The proposal is in a preliminary stage. We have asked the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) to look into levying parking fee for vehicles parked on public roads, even if they are within residential colonies,\" said a member of the STF. The civic body has been given two months to come up with a feasibility study.The reason for levying of such charges, said sources, is to discourage the increasing vehicular traffic on roads. \"The task force wants MCD to explore the feasibility of levying parking charges on cars that are parked on the road side. One-time parking charges that a buyer pays while purchasing a car do not deter people from purchasing more cars. To discourage this, the proposal has been mooted,\" said an MCD official.However, officials admit that the proposal may run into rough weather. \"Abroad, parking charges are levied even on vehicles parked in residential colonies if it is a public road. But implementation in Delhi may be more difficult as the resistance to any changes in parking structure is widespread here,\" he said. Sources said that parking charges may vary according to the location of the colony. MCD will soon conduct a survey to study the feasibility, added officials.The STF, constituted on the orders of the high court on traffic issues, had also proposed revising parking rates in the city in its last meeting held in February. It had proposed revising the fee to Rs 50 for three hours, Rs 20 for every additional hour during non-peak hours and Rs 50 for every hour during peak hours. The task force had fixed Rs 30 as the parking rate for three hours during non-peak hours. \"These proposals regarding parking have been tabled in the court but no comprehensive steps have been taken by the MCD to implement them,\" said a government official. Incidentally, MCD had rejected the budget proposal to hike parking charges in the last financial year. The STF will take a final call on the parking fee in residential colonies once the MCD study is tabled, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12874930", "title": "Meet reviews bypoll preparedness", "text": "PANAJI: With the Election Commission of India fixing the byelection for the Cortalim assembly constituency for June 2, the Goa chief electoral officer (CEO) has started mobilizing the election machinery in the state.Briefing the media on Wednesday, CEO S Kumaraswamy said he has already issued instructions to the South Goa SP and the South Goa district election officer to submit a list of identified history sheeters, anti-social elements, sensitive and hyper-sensitive polling stations. The CEO has also asked to identify critical and vulnerable polling stations.The CEO held a meeting with police, district election officer and other officials on Wednesday to review the preparedness for the Cortalim bypoll and flying squads and mobile squads will be set up within two days, the CEO said.While the 24x7 control room at the CEO's office (helpline 1950) at Altinho, Panaji , was to become functional on Wednesday itself, the CEO also directed the South Goa district election officer and the returning officer to set up 24x7 control rooms in South Goa and give wide publicity to the helpline phone number 1077. The CEO has directed the returning officer to inspect all 34 polling stations in 24 polling locations in Cortalim constituency and submit his report by April 27, 2012. \"If any changes are needed, we will obtain permission from the ECI for the same,\" Kumaraswamy said.The roll for the bypoll has been revised with reference to January 1, 2012 as the qualifying date. The same roll that was used for the last assembly elections will be used for the bypoll. There are 26,652 voters in Cortalim constituency, of which, 13,613 are male and 13,039 are female.While electoral photo-identity cards (EPIC) will be the main document for identification of voters in the Cortalim bypoll, separate instructions will be issued if necessary to allow additional documents for identification of voters at the time of poll as per ECI guidelines. Voters slips will also be issued to all voters.With the code of conduct coming into force on April 24 itself, the media questioned the CEO on the effects of the code on pre-monsoon works. Kumaraswamy said all essential works, including pre-monsoon works will be allowed. Regarding the use of poll monitoring system (PMS) in the Cortalim bypoll, the CEO said he is awaiting ECI permission for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12873936", "title": "Meet held for Hindon clean-up", "text": "NOIDA: A week after irrigation and PWD minister Shivpal Yadav directed the authorities to clear the Yamuna and Hindon floodplains, Gautam Budh Nagar district administration held a meeting with officials from revenue, irrigation and drainage departments to formulate a plan of action. The district magistrate instructed officials to conduct a physical verification of the entire flood zone area grabbed by land mafia and submit a report within a week. Strict action will be taken against all encroachers and illegal properties will be demolished, he has warned.The district magistrate has formed a three-level committee and instructed officials to list encroachments in three categories. \"During the survey, we found that land had been encroached upon for construction of farmhouses and carving out small colonies. Village land, too, has been usurped,\" said M K S Sundaram, GBN district magistrate.\"Officials will now conduct detailed inspections of the area, check for approvals, scrutinize documents, which have permitted construction on floodplains,\" Sundaram said. \"They will also check how land was allotted in the area and who has approved it,\" he added.Laying stress on transparency, Sundaram said he had urged officials to conduct inspections and verifications with great care, precision and without prejudice. \"Action will be taken against officials found to be patronizing land grabbers and illegal developers,\" Sundaram said.Once the report is ready, action will be taken, including demolition of all illegal structures, whether it is a farmhouse, a small building or construction on land belonging to the nearby villages. \"We will be clearing up all encroachers who are gobbling up the floodplains and selling land to 'unsuspecting' buyers,\" said Sundaram.Officials at the district magistrate's office said the regulations for floodplains say land can only be used for farming, and only temporary structures are allowed to come up. \"Construction on the floodplain includes concrete farmhouses as well as residential structures. These violate the regulations. The land belongs to the irrigation department. Some villages have come up on the floodplains as well,\" said an irrigation department official.A drive to clear the floodplains had been launched in February. At that time, the presiding DM had not only demolished structures and freed up nearly 200 acres of encroached land. \"The floodplains belong to the irrigation department and no project in the area has ever been approved,\" said an official of the irrigation department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12873911", "title": "Regional Transport Office to enforce state's speed governor rule", "text": "NASHIK: Senior officials from the Regional Transport Office (RTO), Nashik, are likely to return from Pune on Thursday after a training session on fixing speed governors in heavy motors. The training comes after the state's decision as per the gazette notification dated March 13, 2012, to make speed governors mandatory for commercial and passenger vehicles in the state.In a bid to ensure that vehicles in these categories comply by the government's decision and improve road safety, the transport authority won't issue any new permits nor will it renew fitness certificates of old vehicles without the fitment of speed governor.Speed governors will soon be introduced in all buses, trucks, dumpers and tankers. Regional transport officer, Nashik, Chandrakant Kharatmal said, \"Two officials had gone for the training on the fixing of speed governors, affixing seals on them and how the gadget works when the driver tries to speed.\" The concept of a speed governor is to limit the speed of the vehicle. For example, if it is set at 50 kmph, the vehicle will come to a sudden halt if the driver tries to overspeed. Any speed above 50kmph will cut off the fuel supply and the driver will have to call a technician to reset the governor.State transport secretary Shailesh Sharma said speed limits for heavy transport vehicles were necessary. \"We are restricting the speed between 50-65kmph, depending upon the the make of vehicle and the nature of service,\" he stated. \"This is being done in the interest of passenger security and those of pedestrians and fellow motorists,'' he added.Speed limits for tourist buses will be around 65kmph while for dumpers and trucks it will be around 50kmph. Kharatmal said speed governors in Nashik are extremely necessary as it will bring down the rate of accidents on highways.\"With two national highways passing through the district, 70% of vehicular traffic is of heavy vehicles. Hence speed governors on heavy vehicles are a must.\" As per the state's notification, speed governors can be sealed with an official seal of the state transport authority or the regional transport authority in such a way that they can't be removed or tampered without the seal being broken.Speed governors will be fitted on school buses from May 1, 2012 for new registration of school buses, and the process will continue through the year for other vehicles. , while school buses that have already been registered before April 30, the gadget will be installed on them at the time of the renewal of fitness certificate after May 1 and before September 2012.Similarly for new registration of tankers and dumpers, the date for fitting the speed governor is July 1, 212, while those registered before June 30, will have to get it installed at the time of renewal of fitness certificate due after July 1, 2012 and before July 1, 2013.Speed governors will be installed in contract carriages and private service vehicles (except auto rickshaw, meter cab) from September 1, 2012 in case of their new registration and those registered before August 31, 2012, they will have to get it installed at the time of renewal of fitness certificate due after September 1, 2012 and before September 1, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874657", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation bags Housing &amp; Urban Development Corporation award for Sabarmati Riverfront Development Corporation Ltd., Kankaria lake project", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has bagged yet another national award. This time, for 'Best Practices to Improve the Living Environment' for its Kankaria Lake Development project and the Sabarmati River Front Development project.The national award was given by Housing &amp; Urban Development Corporation (HUDCO). AMC officials said that in all 69 entries were received by HUDCO for the award and of these, nine projects were selected.The award has been instituted by HUDCO with the intention that there are numerous sub-areas which require attention and support by sustainable environment-friendly technologies. Such good practices are emerging and need recognition, publicity and appreciation. Union minister of housing and urban poverty alleviation Kumari Selja handed over the award to AMC officials in New Delhi. This is the third national recognition for the Sabarmati River Front Development project. Earlier, SRFDCL had bagged the prime minister's award for the best concept and design of a public project, while the social housing project had received the national award for the innovative service to urban poor. Kankaria lake was renovated at a cost of Rs 30 crore. The lake was redesigned and the area around the lake was declared as no-entry zone. The lake was officially inaugurated in December 2008 with the beginning of a weeklong event known as 'Kankaria Carnival'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12872685", "title": "Helmets to be must for women riders in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: It may soon be mandatory for women riding two-wheelers in the capital to wear helmets. The Delhi government told the high court on Wednesday it would amend the motor vehicle rules to bring all women riders, including those on the pillion seat, under the helmet rule.The court was hearing a plea challenging a provision in the Delhi Motor Vehicles Rules which exempts women pillion riders from wearing helmets. As per the Motor Vehicle Rules 1993, Sikhs wearing turbans and women are exempt from wearing helmets while riding motorcycles and scooters.\"Every year, 60 to 70 women die due to head injuries sustained in road accidents involving two-wheelers. The government should make wearing helmets compulsory for all pillion riders as well,\" the petition by social filmmaker Ulhas P R said.On Wednesday, Advocate Zubeda Begum, appearing for the government, informed the high court that although it was mandatory for women pillion riders to wear helmets under the central Motor Vehicles Act, the Delhi government had made it optional in its Motor Vehicle Rules 1993.However, with HC questioning this relaxation, the government had re-examined the matter and would amend the rules.The government's submission prompted a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw to grant two months time for carrying out the amendments. In the process, HC disposed of the PIL.In the 1990s, the city government had sought to introduce a law making helmets compulsory for all two-wheeler riders, including the Sikh community. But the move was thwarted in the wake of protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12875385", "title": "Social networks have teens hooked", "text": "LUDHIANA: Rahul Verma (name changed), a ninth standard student and son of a businessman used to remain glued to the computer or kept tapping away on the keypad of his smart phone.His fond parents thought he must be updating his academic knowledge, but his dismal results in the school unit tests jolted them to reality. His is not an isolated case of a teenager getting hooked to social networking sites. Parents are increasingly seeking psychiatrists' help to tackle the problem.Dr Ranjive Mahajan, head of the department of psychiatry at Dayanand Medical College &amp; Hospital said, \"Till 3-4 years back, I didn't get any case of addiction to social networking sites, but in the last two years, I have begun getting a good number. If last year, one teenager came to me with this problem, the figure has risen to two-three per month this year. If we include the figure of youngsters having multiple psychiatric problems - depression , obsessive compulsion disorder (OCD) and alcoholism - as well as addiction to social networking sites, the count goes higher.''\"The immediate fallout of the Facebook addiction is fall in grades (poor performance in studies), headache , pruning of friend circle and becoming obese due to intake of junk food.''According to the psychiatrist, the problem can be treated as a basic illness and cured by using cognitive behaviour therapy, weaning away the from source and administration of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) medicines.Dr Anshu Gupta, visiting psychiatrist at SPS Apollo Hospital said, \"I have begun getting two cases of youngsters obsessed with social networking sites in a week, compared to one case last year. This started 3-4 years ago when sites like Facebook and other social networking sites gained popularity. In 5-10% cases, even children in primary classes have fallen victim to this addiction, leading to poor academic performance, sleep disorders , obesity (as such kids takes lot of junk food while surfing such sites), impulsiveness, frustration and aggression.''Pointing out that parents are waking up to this threat, Dr Aruna Sood, professor of psychiatry at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) said, \"Many come to us with complaints of children's getting fixated to social networking sites on computer and cellphones.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872918", "title": "Mumbai-Ahmedabad travel on AC double-decker to cost Rs 471", "text": "MUMBAI: Travelling between Mumbai and Ahmedabad by the super fast air-conditioned double decker train will cost Rs 471-on par with the AC chair-car fare of Karnavati Express, but 32% lower than the Shatabdi Express fare for the same distance.Research Design and Standard Organisation (RDSO) is carrying out an oscillation and route trial of the double-decker AC train between Mumbai Central and Ahmedabad. Services are likely to be run by June once the trials are successful and clearance obtained from the Commissioner of Railway Safety (CRS)Shatabdi, which also runs between these two cities, has a fare of Rs 695 per passenger. A senior railway official said, \"The fares for Shatabdi are higher because the railway offers complimentary food to passengers on board the train. Its fare is inclusive of catering charges.\"Shatabdi Express provides its passengers with snacks, breakfast, meals, tea, etc.The AC double-decker train will have pantry facility but the passengers will have to pay for the food over and above the fare charged. It will have a mini pantry so that food prepared in the base kitchen can be heated and served hot to the passengers who place order.As against Shatabdi's journey time of 6 hours and 45 minutes, Karnavati Express, which is also a super fast train, takes 7 hrs and 45 minutes to cover the 493 km distance between these two cities. WR officials said that the double-decker AC train will have a travel time of approximately 7 hours.There are 97 intermediate stations between Mumbai Central and Ahmedabad. While the AC double-decker train will halt only at five stations, Karnavati and Shatabdi have 9 and 8 stoppages, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874480", "title": "Burglars strike house, decamp with jewellery", "text": "JAIPUR: Buying a dress to celebrate the birthday of their daughter proved costly for a family when after returning home they found everything lying scattered as burglars decamped with jewellery worth Rs 1 lakh and cash of around Rs 5,000.Ashok Saxena, a resident of Laxmi Nagar in Sanganer locality, had gone to buy some birthday gifts and cake for their daughter on Tuesday evening since the birthday was on Wednesday. When they came home they found everything lying scattered in the house and the safes were broken. Immediately they informed the police and a team of police officers rushed to the spot. An FSL team was also sent to the spot to take a stock of the condition of the house.\"The list of items stolen by the burglars included jewellery worth Rs 1 lakh and a cash of about Rs 5,000,\" said an officer with the Sanganer police station.\"All the gold and silver jewellery of Saxena's wife was stolen by the burglars,\" said an officer.Police said that the number of burglars could be at least six. They said that equipment including gas cutters were used to break the safe and gates of the house.Saxena and his wife are teachers in government schools in the city and were shocked after the incident.People in the locality said that they had informed the police that some unknown people were roaming around the locality for past a few months but police did not respond on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12874831", "title": "Here vedic rites become part of women's rights", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Every Sunday Kashi Mutt at Kasyapa Veda Research Foundation (KVRF) near West Hill wakes up to the chanting of vedas. Around 300 women from faraway places come here on weekends to learn the scriptures. Once they arrive at the centre, they divide themselves into small batches each of 13-14 members.The teacher Sujesh Arya, a disciple of KVRF founder Acharya M R Rajesh, imparts them practical lessons on Vedic Sandyavandanam and related rituals from 8am to 12pm.The KVRF started teaching vedas to women irrespective of their caste or age nine years ago in a bid to break the age-old tradition of restricting the learning of scriptures to Brahmin males. The institute has so far taught vedas to more than 10,000 women from Kannur, Kozhikode, Malappuram, and Thrissur.They are well-versed in the art of performing agnihotram, nitya yajna, and numerous other Smartha and Sroutha yajnas, Shodassakriya (the 16 Samskara Kriyas from birth to death), and Bali Vaishya Veda Yajnam.The classes also help women face life with a positive attitude and inculcate a healthy lifestyle based on the principle of universal brotherhood, love, and compassion. Rajesh's effort to keep away the middlemen between God and devotees and help all to learn vedas was met with stiff resistance from his own Brahmin community. But fuelled by his vision to conserve the rituals in its pure form, he persisted.At the institute women also impart vedic lessons. M Sayaja, teacher of Nadakkavu Vocational Higher Secondary School, said she has been teaching for the last five years. \"Being a teacher the veda classes has helped me impart moral classes at schools as part of School Jagratha Samithis,\" said Sayaja.T Nimisha, a software engineer at Kinfra, said the vedic practices have helped her think positively and understand the rich tradition our India. \"The learning of vedas and chanting mantras have helped me to remain calm even during tough situations,\" she said.Considering the growing demand to learn vedas, the KVRF is now constructing a Gurukulam near Sree Kanteswaram Temple with an estimated cost of Rs 4 crore. A hall having the capacity to accommodate 500 people at a time and an ashram will come up on 15 cents of land.KVRF has also started digitalizing rare Sanskrit books in Tamil, Hindi collected from across the country.The institute is also conducting camps in Chennai, Bangalore, and Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12874027", "title": "Suicide victim\u2019s body yet to be claimed, \u2018friend\u2019 held", "text": "GURGAON: Police took Rajendra, a friend of the suicide victim Prachi Sharma (27), into custody on Wednesday. Delhi resident Sharma's body was found hanging from the ceiling fan of a hotel room in DLF Phase II on Tuesday.However, even after a day, no one has come forward to claim the body. Meanwhile, Rajendra told police that he had met Prachi for the first time on the day they checked into the hotel.\"We are waiting for the relatives of the victim. If no one turns up, even after 72 hours, we will hand over the body to the municipal corporation for cremation,\" said Jungsher, SHO, DLF-II police station.According to the police, Sharma and Rajendra, a resident of Bharatpur, Rajasthan, checked into Hotel Aadhar in J Block of DLF Phase II, near Sikanderpur Metro station, around 11:30pm on Monday. Prachi gave copies of her voter ID card and PAN card as identity proofs, along with Rajendra, when asked for by the hotel staff. Later at 2:30am, Rajendra came out of the room. On Tuesday afternoon, seeing that neither Rajendra returned nor Prachi placed any order for tea or food, a hotel waiter rang the room's bell but got no reply. He then tried to open the room's door but it was locked from inside. The hotel manager then informed the police.A police team soon reached the hotel and opened the room's door with the help of the master key with the hotel authorities. Prachi's body was found hanging from the ceiling fan in the room.Police found the addresses on Prachi's voter ID and PAN cards to be fake. The address mentioned on the woman's voter ID card as daughter of Ashok Sharma, Teesra Pusta, Sonia Vihar, Delhi, was found incorrect. A mobile phone was also recovered from the hotel room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873883", "title": "Harassment bill to cover domestics", "text": "NEW DELHI: A bill that seeks to provide a secure and enabling environment for women employees, including domestic workers, against sexual harassment at the workplace is likely to come up before the Union Cabinet on Thursday.The bill makes it mandatory for all workplaces, including homes, universities, hospitals, government and non-government offices, factories, other formal and informal work places to constitute an internal committee for redressal of complaints.The proposed legislation will reaffirm guidelines laid down by the Supreme Court in the case Vishaka vs State of Rajasthan, 1997, that recognizes harassment as a form of discrimination against women and violation of the constitutional right to equality.So far, implementation of the Vishaka guidelines has been patchy and restricted to the formal sector. Women bear the brunt of harassment with increasing number of cases of molestation and eve-teasing.National Crime Records Bureau data shows an average of more than 50,000 incidents of molestation and eve-teasing annually over the last four years.Domestic workers have been included as part of the bill for the first time following recommendations of the parliamentary committee. They comprise 30% of the female workforce in the unorganized sector. There are 47.50 lakh registered domestic workers in the country.Moved by the ministry of women and child development (WCD), the proposed bill brings sexually determined behaviour (whether directly or by implication) including physical contact and advances, a demand or request for sexual favours, sexually coloured remarks, showing pornography, any other unwelcome physical, verbal or non-verbal con-duct of sexual nature under the definition of 'sexual harassment'.The bill has a wide definition of employees, including even those workers who may not receive remuneration but render service on a voluntary basis, contract workers, trainees, probationers or apprentices.The aggrieved women will have the right to seek compensation that can be decided on the basis of mental trauma, distress, medical expenses incurred by the victim and loss of career opportunity. There is, however, a provision for fine in case of a false and malicious complaint.The bill has been under discussion since 2006 and was finally tabled in Parliament in 2010.It has now been brought after incorporating changes suggested by the parliamentary panel in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874522", "title": "Government should draft a clear transfer policy: PCC chief", "text": "JAIPUR: Days after the state government lifted the ban on the transfer of state employees, Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) president Chandrabhan said that the government should draft a clear transfer policy.Interacting with media persons at the PCC office here on Wednesday, Chandrabhan said it was rather unfortunate that a policy has not been framed so far. Reacting to allegations over transfers becoming an industry and opening doors to corrupt practices, he said: There are several departments which do follow a policy but the need of the hour is for a common, transparent and clear transfer policy. I believe that for making such policies, the government and opposition should come together,'' he said. Asked about him raising doubts over the implementation of state budget, he clarified that he did not have any apprehensions but was worried about it. \"I worry if the bureaucracy would be able to implement the projects appropriately. It has been often noticed that most funds are utilised in the last quarter of a financial year and that the implementation is often hurried. As the chief minister is quite alert and has already set targets, so the budget would be implemented properly and not just the people, even Congress will reap the benefits of a good budget in the elections,'' he said.Speaking over the recent visit of dissidents to Delhi, he admitted that there might be a few unsatisfied members. \"Every party worker or leader has a right to approach senior leaders but I believe that grievances should be said on party forum and not in public or media,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12875529", "title": "NGOs expand scope around Nagzira", "text": "GONDIA: Till now it had only been diagnosis and distribution of free medicines by NGOs for villagers surrounding Nagzira sanctuary. Now, the NGOs have decided to extend their scope of activities to all round development of youths in the region.According to district co-coordinator Mukund Dhurve of the Satpuda Foundation, Nisarga Sanrakshan Sanstha Amravati and forest department have been sparing at least three days every month for the service of villagers living in the periphery of Nagzira protected forest near Tiroda in Gondia district. They visit these villages and provide all medical check ups and distribute free medicines to the villagers. Even the forest employees - working in the remote are of this region - are given the required help.Now, to extend their scope of activities they have appointed a special committee consisting of forest employees and NGO members, who could suggest some employment-oriented and eco-friendly services which could benefit both, conservation of forests and employments for the youth.Central minister for tourism Subodhkant Sahay's interest in tourism, including Nagzira wildlife park, will help open newer avenues for the youths of the villages, said the NGO. Training of guides or recruitment of night patrolling squads for anti-poaching drive are some of the job opportunities being developed for the youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874102", "title": "Low mileage of JNNURM buses brings old ones back on road", "text": "KOLKATA: Low mileage of JNNURM (Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission) buses has paved the way for the return of the old rickety buses that were scrapped under a Calcutta high court order. Over the last few weeks, a large number of the old wooden-bodied buses have been seen plying on city roads, spewing venom in the air. All these pre-'93 buses were banned on the ground that they cannot comply with stringent emission norms in force in the city.These buses were largely replaced by buses bought under the JNNURM scheme. Under that, the central and state governments bear 50% of the cost of these buses while private operators bear the rest. Though the scheme appeared to be very attractive, the low-floor swanky buses proved to be major fuel-guzzlers. The low kilometer-per-litre (KMPL) or low mileage has hit bus-operators hard, particularly when there has not been any revision of fares despite seven successive hikes of diesel prices.The JNNURM buses have as low as 1.5 KMPL while the KMPL for normal buses vary from 3 to 3.5. \"Not only fuel bills, if one takes into account the spares, the cost of operating these buses shoot up like anything. So we prefer to run our old fleet than the JNNURM buses. That saves us a lot of money,\" argued CSTC managing director Prasanna Kumar Mondal. CSTC has a fleet of 120 JNNURM buses.Private players give the same argument. \"We bleed heavily the moment we run JNNURM buses. If normal buses require 60 litres of diesel a day, JNNURM buses require 70 litres. This means there is a straight Rs 500 additional expenditure per bus per day only on fuel. So JNNURM buses have become highly unviable. There is a desperation among some of the operators just to survive in this trade. Some of the operators I lead have brought old buses out on the road simply out of that desperation,\" said Tapan Banerjee of the Joint Council of Bus Syndicates.In fact, almost 95% of JNNURM bus operators have defaulted in payment of instalments to banks. State transport minister Madan Mitra has issued a warning that the government would take back these buses from the private operators for defaulting in payment. Unhappy with performance of JNNURM buses, the operators now want the government to take back the buses and return them the money they have paid on loan instalments.Needless to say, environment activists are miffed. \"This is back to square one as far as environmental degradation is concerned. For months, there has not been any monitoring either by the administration or by the judiciary on the ban on pre-'93 buses. I hold the government equally responsible for not allowing fare revision on public transport. When the salary of ministers and MLAs are being increased, when price of every commodity is soaring high, how can you hold back bus and train fares,\" asked environment activist Subhas Dutta, whose PIL led to the ban on pre-'93 commercial vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873740", "title": "Reds aiming at high-value targets, say analysts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Abduction is a much-preferred method of Maoists - what we are witnessing now is an increasing shift to selective, high-value targets, say security analysts who track leftwing extremism.\"The Maoists had their way after abducting then Malkangiri collector R Vineel Krishna in February last year. There was no inflicting of unbearable costs for such an act. So they have raised the bar, especially in states they consider to be weak in response,\" says Ajai Sahni, executive director, Institute of Conflict Management.In recent weeks, three high-profile kidnappings have taken place in Maoist areas. On March 18, two Italian nationals, Paolo Bosusco and Claudio Colangelo, were abducted from the Daringbadi area of Kandhamal district. Five days later, Orissa's Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka was abducted. The latest is Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon's abduction in Chahattisgarh on April 21.Sahni points out that a maximum number of Maoist leaders are in Andhra jails but there are few abductions in that state. Adds P V Ramana, research fellow, IDSA, \"Abduction as a tactic has failed miserably in Andhra Pradesh. On many occasions, the Maoists had also shot dead leaders whom they had taken hostage. Together it brought them immense disrepute and also eroded their support base. Thereafter, as a policy, the Maoists stopped abductions in AP.\"Maoists abducted 1,554 people in Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand, Odisha, West Bengal, AP, Bihar, Maharashtra, UP and other states between January 1, 2008 and November 14, 2011, according to statistics furnished by Union minister of state for home affairs Jitendra Singh in reply to a starred question in the LS on November 22, 2011. Of them, 489 were abducted from Chhattisgarh, 463 from Jharkhand and 137 from Odisha. Only 33 were abducted from AP. Overall, 328 were killed.Sahni points out that Maoists are suffering from a crisis of leadership. Of the 16 members of the 2007 politburo, only seven are operating in the open. Seven are in jail and two are dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12875017", "title": "Students seethe as PSC exams clash", "text": "RANCHI: Dilip Mahto has cleared preliminary examinations for both the Jharkhand Public Service Commission (JPSC) and Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) but is stressed as the written exam dates are clashing.The JPSC examinations are scheduled to be held from May 25 to June 16 whereas the BPSC one is to be held from May 26 to June 14. Dilip said, \"I have been preparing for JPSC and BPSC for past 10 years and this is my last chance to appear for the BPSC exams. I don't have an option but to choose one of the two. Obviously it means I am losing a very good opportunity.\"This is the first time in the last 10 years that Dilip cleared BPSC preliminary examination but he says if he has to choose one then he will appear for JPSC. \"Jharkhand is my home so I would like to stay here. Also there is less competition in Jharkhand as there are only 3,500 students appearing for mains whereas in Bihar there are 20,000.\"There are almost 600 students appearing for both JPSC and BPSC from Jharkhand and around 2,000 from Bihar.Vishwanath Badal, who has been selected for both the exams, said, \"It would not have been a problem if the dates of JPSC clashed with some other state examination but it makes a big deal as it clashes with Bihar as many of the people staying in Jharkhand has their families in Bihar also and they would want to try at both the places.\"There is a rule that the dates of any state civil services examination should not clash with the dates of Union Public Service Commission examinations but there is no such rule for the dates clashing with the examination of other states.JPSC has not much to say about this. JPSC member M Parvez Ahmed said, \"We had announced the date long before the date for BPSC mains were announced so we cannot do much about it. BPSC announced the dates later so they should think about the action to be taken.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "12873822", "title": "Hamlet weaves handlooms for many royals and netas", "text": "MANDYA: Kodiyala, 12km from Mandya, is famed for its community of weavers who have clothed royalty, including the Mysore family and Tipu Sultan. The legacy still continues.History has it that about 160 families of the Padmashali community of weavers, who migrated from Andhra Pradesh 300 years ago, settled down in this village and started their profession. Very soon, their weaves caught the eye of the royal families around, who placed orders for cloth, and thus began a long relationship between the community and the royals.Some elders of the community said that Tipu Sultan , who ruled from Srirangapatna, was very fond of cotton cloth manufactured in Kodiyala village. He is said to have helped the Padmashali community by giving concessions in royal taxes and importing raw material from abroad.Another proud memory for the weavers is of then prime minister Indira Gandhi , who visited their weavers' colony, and was impressed with their handlooms and saris. \"Dignitaries like Indira Gandhi, former chief ministers Devaraj Urs and SM Krishna were seriously interested in our profession and village,\" said 80 year-old Narayanappa, a weaver. \"Impressed that around 200 families of our village are running textile manufacturing units, SM Krishna had ordered that an exclusive power line be drawn from Tubinakere power station for continuous power supply.\" This is perhaps the only weavers' colony in the state which is so privileged.The weavers say they are not facing any problem related to their profession. The market for their products is spread over the entire nation and there is always a good demand. Neither is there a shortage of raw material and labour. \"We are content with our profession. If the erstwhile kings had not supported our ancestors and our profession was not encouraged by the government, we may not have been so successful. We have lived in harmony with the Kannadigas here for centuries,\" said Narayanappa.He claimed that material manufactured in Kodiyala village is of high quality and lasts long. \"We produce rich, colourful saris and dhotis, with eye-catching motifs. Earlier, we used cotton thread in handlooms. Now, we have switched over to powerlooms and use polycotton thread,\" he said.Happiness VillageThere is a rare harmony in Kodiyala village, where all castes live together happily. Having lived with the Padmashalis for many decades, people of other castes are also taking up textile manufacturing. Some Vokkaliga families have also ventured into the profession and own powerloom units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874461", "title": "Lack of steps to recharge water creating a crisis", "text": "JAIPUR: The overexploitation of water has created a scary situation as despite good rainfall the water level in the city is receding.According to the state groundwater department officials, the water table is depleting at a fast rate in 13 panchayats under Jaipur district, due to constant and excessive withdrawal of water for agriculture, domestic usage and industries.Yogesh Sharma, senior hydrologist and nodal officer at state's groundwater department, said, \"The pre - post monsoon survey 2011 showed that the groundwater level is going down and the situation could become grim in the near future. The department conducts a pre - post monsoon survey to know the actual status of water level every year.\" He added, \"The results clearly indicate rainwater is not sufficient to recharge the water table and artificial water replenishing is very essential.\" In panchayats such as Sanganer, Amber and Jhotwara which cover Jaipur city, the water table is diminishing at an average rate of about 3 metres every year.This year, the Jhotwara panchayat received around 735.8mm rainfall; however, the water level in the area has gone down by 4 metres approximately. Similarly, the water level in Sanganer panchayat has fallen by 2.46 metres where 646 mm rainfall was recorded.\"In densely populated areas such as Mansarovar the water level has gone down by 3 metres,\" said Sharma. In Amber, it has fallen by a metre despite receiving 589 mm rainfall, he added.Experts believe excess use of water, despite rules and regulations, and no serious measures taken to recharge the groundwater in posh colonies may pose a serious threat to the residents. Areas such as Raja Park, Jawahar Nagar, Jhotwara, Adarsh Nagar and Janta Colony etc are already facing a critical situation.\"Wastage of water in posh colonies is much higher. As a result, water table in these colonies is reportedly very low. Borewell in every house and use of European toilets has increased the consumption of water. If recharge measures are not taken soon, the situation will become critical in the coming years,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12875611", "title": "Wedding processions puts traffic on hold", "text": "KANPUR: A massive traffic jam held up the traffic in Cantt area late on Tuesday evening, with vehicles stranded in long queues, all thanks to wedding processions. Though traffic jams are nothing new for the denizens, the wedding processions have only added to the problem.Take the case of Cantt area only. A major jam occurred between Rocket tri-section in Cantt and Mall Road due to wedding procession on Tuesday. A prominent food court, ice-cream stalls, a renowned beauty salon, SBI Cantt branch, residences of Army officials are all situated in this area. Besides, it connects Cantt with Lal Bangla, Chakeri, Shyam Nagar and Jajmau localities of the city.A traffic jam at such an important crossing is bound to affect the other areas too. Further, it being Akshaya Tritiya on Tuesday, there were a lot of weddings scheduled for the day, which added to the rush of vehicles on the roads. Vehicles were stuck in the jam for almost an hour, even as the wedding procession followed by a long queue of cars and two-wheelers took its own sweet time to move ahead. In fact, enthusiastic relatives of the groom burst firecrackers right in the middle of the road, making it impossible for the vehicles to pass.Interestingly, all this happened in Cantt, which is considered as VIP area of the city. Vehicles of bureaucrats, ambulances, and passengers who were heading towards Kanpur Central, army officials and their families, were among those caught in the jam, which extended within half-a-kilometre radius from the spot.Some of the vehicles, especially car-owners, tried to take a 'shortcut' by moving their cars to the right side of the road, thus making the jam worse. The wide road between Murray Company bridge and Rocket Tri-section in Cantt was reduced to a narrow lane for some time.Finally, the gunners of bureaucrats caught in the jam had to get down from their vehicles to clear the traffic mess. The gunners took on the job of traffic cops and gave directions to the commuters to pass through. It took more than an hour for the jam to clear up, around 10.40pm.Reportedly, when all this happened, there was not even a single traffic cop on the spot. Call it lack of will on the part of traffic cops or the understaffed traffic police department, such major jams have become a routine affair.SP, Traffic, Mani Ram, however, said that the commuters themselves are responsible for such a mess as they don't have patience. In a bid to take shortcuts, they violate traffic rules and end up causing severe traffic jams. Besides, the onus is on revelers to keep in mind the comfort of other commuters as there is no law to stop a wedding procession.As for the Tuesday jam in Cantt, Ram said, as it is not a jam-prone area, the cops were deployed at other spots. However, as soon as they got the information about the jam, traffic cops were sent to the spot and it was they who helped ease the traffic situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874973", "title": "Eunuch stabbed by two other eunuch in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a brief lull, clashes between eunuch groups have erupted in the city.On Wednesday, a eunuch Sonu Masi alias Ilyas Pradeep was attacked with weapons by two other eunuchs, who even threatened her to leave Ahmedabad or face dire consequences. The attackers are said to belong to Bhavna De's group.A police complaint filed by Sonu Masi with Maninagar police station stated she was going to Behrampura on a scooter when two eunuchs -- Renuka De and Kanchan De -- came in a autorickshaw and stopped her. They asked her why she was doing business in Ahmedabad despite previous warnings. Then they stabbed her on the back with a knife. After stabbing her, they threatened her of serious consequences if she did not leave the city.Sonu was admitted to LG Hospital. After the deaths of Sonia De and Sanju Masi, the warring group of eunuchs had reached a mutual understanding that they would not clash with each other. However, the truce seems to be short-lived after Wednesday's attack.In the last year one year, nearly 18 complaints of fights between various eunuch groups have been filed in city police station. Their clashes are generally to establish supremacy over posh areas like Maninagar, Satellite , Vastrapur, Navrangpura and Bopal. Sources also said that in view of the frequent attacks, many eunuchs have even started hiring bouncers for security.The bouncers are paid as high as Rs 1,000 per day.Vastrapur police had recently arrested some bouncers who were travelling in an auto rickshaw with large number of hockey sticks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872579", "title": "No takers for SoBo bridge repair work", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC)'s plan to resurface four bridges in the island city at a cost of Rs 9.8 crore has hit a stumbling block with contractors refusing to resurface the bridges before the monsoon.With the BMC insisting that the bridges be resurfaced with mastic asphalt as recommended by the standing technical advisory committee (STAC), contractors have not bid for the four bridges, saying the conditions laid by the civic body are unreasonable.The BMC wants the four \"special bridges\"-Kavi Keshavsut, Currey Road, Elphinstone and JSS-to be resurfaced before this monsoon.Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta told TOI, \"We want the four bridges to be resurfaced before the monsoon. Only those who have a mastic asphalt plant can carry out the work. Now that no one has come forward, we will have to consider other options like asking other contractors who already have the resources to carry out the work.\"The civic body had floated tenders worth Rs 43 crore for resurfacing of 20 bridges across the city. The bridges have been divided in three zones. An additional zone has been demarcated for handling the four \"special bridges\". The civic body has to resurface 15 bridges in the island city, two in the western suburbs and three in the eastern suburbs.TOI has learnt that only two contarctors-RPS Infra and Mahavir-have mastic asphalt plants. Five years ago, a survey by STAC found that 58 out of 253 bridges in the city were dangerous to ply. Of them, 34 fall under the BMC's jurisdiction while the rest belong to the railways and other agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12875530", "title": "C-60 commando injured in Naxal encounter", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A C-60 commando was injured in an encounter with Naxals inside Nalgonda jungles along the Maharahstra-Chhattisgarh border, under Bhamragad tehsil, in Gadchiroli on Tuesday evening.On receiving a tip-off about a Naxal camp, C-60 commandos launched a combing operation in the area. At around 5pm fierce gun-battle broke out between C-60 forces and the Naxals which lasted for around 25 minutes.C-60 commando Raju Gedam was injured in a mine blast. Cops claimed that Gedam was rushed to Gadchiroli civil hospital after a splinter struck Gedam's left hand.During the search operation, cops found out multiple blood stains in the area suggesting that a few Naxalites might have been injured too.Two claymore mines, a pipe-bomb, wire, detonator and other material used by the Naxals were recovered. After the incident, additional forces have been deployed to carry out search operations and trace the injured Naxals, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874401", "title": "Autorickshaw strike planned on Monday", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Autorickshaw drivers in the city have decided to go on a one-day strike on Monday. The decision was taken by members of different autorickshaw unions after a meeting with officials of the state transport department, on Wednesday at the RTO office, ended inconclusively.Talking about the strike, president of Ahmedabad Auto Rickshaw Chalak Sangharsh Samiti Harihar Mishra said, \"We had a two-hour meeting with officials. But we could not come to an agreement. We have waited for long enough and we have now decided to go on a one-day strike on Monday.\" The strike will be effective from Sunday midnight to Monday midnight.According to Mishra, government officials did not agree to any hike in the minimum fares but offered to increase the charge of each running kilometer from Rs 7.5 to Rs 8. While autorickshaw drivers agreed with this proposal, they insisted that the minimum fare should also be hiked from the present Rs 11 to at least Rs 12.Autorikshaw drivers started demanding a hike in the fare after a recent increase in CNG prices. Initially, the unions demanded that the minimum fare be hiked to Rs 15.The members will also put forth their other demand to allow them to charge Rs 10 per unit of luggage if the weight of the luggage exceeds 10 kg. Drivers are also demanding that the calculation of the cost of CNG at filling stations should be rounded up into rupees as there is always a shortage of change.\"As an alternative to these demands we are appealing the government to provide subsidy in CNG for autorickshaw drivers so that we don't have to increase passenger fares,\" said Mishra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12875459", "title": "High court seeks report on quality of Jayaprakash Narayan Hospital construction", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Wednesday directed SP, intelligence, to assess the quality of construction work at the Jayaprakash Narayan All India Institute of Medical Sciences (JPNAIIMS), Patna, and submit report on May 9. The court also directed the superintendent engineer, CPWD, to properly monitor the quality of the hospital building construction.A division bench of Justice P C Verma and Justice A K Trivedi issued the directive while hearing the PIL of Council for Protection of Public Rights and Welfare. The court is monitoring the progress of work at the under-construction JPN-AIIMS in the Phulwarisharif area here.The court observed that using quality material for the super-speciality hospital was imperative. It also directed the core committee comprising state joint secretary, health, and a senior official of the central government to give its report on the progress made in the construction work. The court had constituted the committee for giving progress report to the chief minister.On an affidavit filed by the contractor, B L Kashyap, whose firm is constructing the building, the court threatened action against the contractor if the quality control report contained adverse remarks.Madhyama exam stayed: A division bench of Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain on Wednesday stayed the Madhyama examination scheduled to be conducted by Bihar State Sanskrit Shiksha Board on May 2.The court passed the order on a contempt petition of Girija Devi highlighting that the board was conducting the exam despite the pending of court cases of many Sanskrit schools whose recognition was questioned.The petitioner argued that without disposal of the cases, the board should not conduct the examination as career of students of those schools would be in jeopardy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12874587", "title": "HC nod for special exam to hire 1,400 IPS officers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving its nod to the home ministry's decision to conduct a \"limited competitive examination\" for recruiting an additional 1,400 IPS officers, the Delhi high court on Wednesday said it found nothing wrong with the move.The court dismissed an NGO's, Zakat Foundation of India, petition challenging the Centre's decision to recruit extra 1,400 IPS officers through a special exam.\"Once a policy decision is taken based on experts advice and all the aspects are thrashed out, it cannot be treated as arbitrary. Such functions are best left for the executive and court should not interfere,\" a division bench noted, while dismissing the petition. The court accepted the Centre's argument that the matter was discussed at all levels, including with the UPSC, which expressed its willingness to recruit 200 IPS officers annually from 2012.The petition had alleged that despite objections from the UPSC, which holds civil services examinations for recruiting IPS officers, the Union home ministry had decided to conduct a \"limited competitive examination\" (LCE) annually for appointing extra police officers.As per the home ministry's plan, the LCE will be held annually and those who have served for five years or more as major or captain-level officers in the armed forces, or as deputy superintendent of police, or as assistant commandant in any central police organization shall be eligible to apply. In view of acute shortage of IPS officers, it was decided that an additional 200 IPS officers shall be inducted every year from this pool for the next seven years, and the hiring will be done through the LCE.The NGO, however, argued that this new channel would further bring down representation of the Muslim community in police service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12875693", "title": "Anticipatory bail plea of accused judge rejected", "text": "YAVATMAL: The additional district and sessions judge P S Tarare on Wednesday turned down the anticipatory bail plea of the absconding labour court judge Atiq Mohammad Khan of District Labour Court. With the refusal to grant anticipatory bail, the arrest of the accused is imminent.Khan's domestic help had alleged that he had sexually exploited her over a decade on the pretext of marrying her and kept her in illegal confinement. The accused is married and has a daughter. The police complaint against him was filed at Wadgaon Road police station.According to court sources, the counsels for the accused judge urged the court grant anticipatory bail to him. But the court has turned down their plea after hearing both the counsels and the government pleader.The counsels for the accused said that their client was falsely implicated in the case and also pointed out that the complainant, in her complaint, stated that she is married and has two children from her deceased husband who died five years ago. However, she has alleged that the judge has sexually exploited her for the last 10 years. They wanted to know how a married woman with a living spouse fell for the promise of marriage of the accused. Khan's counsels denied the allegation that the accused judge had sexually abused her on the promise of marriage.However, govt pleader PV Gadbaile, who appeared for the state, strongly objected anticipatory bail to the accused. He said the accused should prove his innocence before the court for which he should either surrender or be allowed to be arrested by the cops.Since the accused is a sitting judge, cops sought the direction from both the High Court and the president of the Labour Courts, which is yet to be received. \"We have been looking for the absconding judge both in Pune and Mumbai,\" investigating officer SDPO Lata Fad said and added that they would arrest the accused at the earliest.The legal fraternity is of the opinion that the accused may approach the high court now and challenge the order passed by the sessions court. In that event, the arrest of the judge would again be delayed, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12875636", "title": "Suspected cholera case reported from SoBo", "text": "Asuspected cholera case was reported at Saifee Hospital on Monday. A 45-year-old woman from an affluent south Mumbai family was brought to Saifee with symptoms of cholera and shifted to Kasturba Hospital the next day, from where the family shifted her to a private hospital. However, the BMC denied the woman had cholera.According to sources in Saifee Hospital, the woman, from a Girgaum high-rise, had diarrhoea and was passing frequent rice-water stools. Doctors from the hospital said she tested positive for the hanging-drop test (the initial test for cholera ). The hospital, however, transferred her to Kasturba Hospital on Tuesday night. We realized it will be best if she was admitted in Kasturba Hospital, where all cases of infectious diseases are sent, said a Saifee Hospital source.But the patient didnt want to be treated at Kasturba. A case was brought to the hospital on Tuesday night, but the family took a discharge against medical advice on Tuesday night itself, said Dr Umesh Aigal, medical superintendent of Kasturba Hospital. The patients family refused to comment.The BMC denied the woman was suffering from cholera. BMC executive health officer, Anil Bandivdekar said, Doctors from the private hospital may have felt she suffered from cholera, but her reports were negative. She was even taken away by her family within a few hours of admission to Kasturba.The test at Saifee was positive but the second (at Kasturba ) was negative. Now the sample has been sent for the ELISA test. But that is likely to come negative, because by the time her second sample was taken, she was already on treatment, said a doctor from Kasturba.Cholera has been never mentioned in BMC health files as officials say its mere occurrence could attract international travel sanctions. Cholera is highly infectious and can spread within the community in a few hours. In recent years it is more manageable, but the BMC refrained from naming it. New Delhi and Chennai record hundreds of cholera cases every year, but BMC records always show zero cases.Experts say water contaminated because of the old pipelines in Mumbaiespecially in the island citycan be blamed for cholera. The water pipes are structured in such a way that clean and waste water pipes run sideby-side. They are so old that if rusted, there may be mixing of water. Water is thus not contaminated from the source, said an official from the hydraulic department.The BMC is sending a team to Girgaum. We will check the water for contamination. If found unfit for consumption, then the source of contamination will be found and treated, said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "12875491", "title": "Chautala confident of Congress defeat", "text": "ROHTAK: As the race for President's post gets sharper, INLD supremo Om Prakash Chautala is confident that regional parties would do their best to defeat the Congress nominee. Chautala addressed a press conference in Rohtak on Wednesday and said: \"I am hopeful that the Congress-backed nominee would not be able to win the elections.\" He, however, did not name anyone as his favoured candidate.There are reports that the Samajwadi Party which stormed to power in Uttar Pradesh recently is exploring possibilities of fielding its chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and lobbying with the regional parties to seek their support.Taking a dig at the speculation of some Congress ministers willing to leave the government to work for the party at the Centre, Chautala said, \"Congress is sinking as people are waiting to teach it a lesson in the next polls.\" Lambasting the Haryana government on various fronts, Chautala said that Hooda government cheated people by amending the land ceiling Act in the Assembly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "rajguru nagar", "code": "12875295", "title": "Jawahar Bhandari is a TT champ at 55 too", "text": "RAJGURU NAGAR: Winning a medal during the prime of a sporting career is every athletes goal, but Jawahar Bhandari of Rajguru Nagar gathers motivation from his victories in veteran tennis tourneys at an age of 55.His most recent achievement was winning three titles in the veteran state table tennis championship held at Amritsar recently. Bhandari has, earlier, won numerous state and national titles in his career. The last state meet was organized by a private hospital at Guru Harkishan Public School, Amritsar. Bhandari won singles, doubles and lucky doubles titles in Amritsar. A native of Ambala, Bhandari says he picked up the TT pedal in 1971 and soon won the all India invitation junior championship at Patiala in 1974.The Rajguru Nagar resident also won a silver medal at TT meet held for veterans in Gangtok , Sikkim , in February this year. He played in the Delhi team in the tournament and contributed to the team's silver medal finish. In Ludhiana, Bhandari hardly faces any competition from a veteran player. He had recently won a singles title in a TT championship held at GLADA sports complex in the city. Bhandari had served in a national bank until 2006, when he voluntarily retired from work. He has even won numerous national medals representing his organization in TT meets. \"I can't survive without playing table tennis and I will continue to stay around the table until my last breath,'' he said.Bhandari trains regularly at Shashtri hall and PAU under the guidance of the coaches there. He says his wife Madhu and daughter Meenu keep motivating him to improve his game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12874181", "title": "Presidential poll: Pawar asks Sonia for consensus candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress on Wednesday started consultations over the presidential elections, with agriculture minister and NCP boss Sharad Pawar telling Sonia Gandhi that UPA's nominee for the post should be someone around whom consensus can be crafted.Sticking to his insistence in public on Sunday that the UPA should prefer somebody who enjoyed wider acceptability among the political class, Pawar emphasized the need for consultations with all parties in order to develop an agreement on UPA's nominee. The agriculture minister had earlier said the UPA's lack of majority in the electoral college required a consensual approach: Something that Sonia, according to Congress sources, is also keen on.Sonia's consultations with Pawar, her first with any ally on the looming presidential elections, marks the formal beginning of the complex exercise the Congress faces as it seeks to craft majority support for its nominee. The polls have gathered momentum with political circles closely tracking maneuvers aimed at ensuring the Congress fails to install its nominee to succeed Pratibha Patil.The BJP and other anti-Congress parties are expectantly watching whether Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee and SP leader Mulayam Singh Yadav collaborate to sponsor a candidate whom the Congress can oppose only at the cost of splintering the ruling coalition at the Centre and, far worse, at the cost of a humiliating defeat.RJD chief Lalu Prasad kept up his campaign for the elevation of vice-president Hamid Ansari . The irrepressible chieftain, who had made a pitch for Ansari on Tuesday, sought to amplify his message further by saying that the Congress should keep in mind the goodwill that the vice-president's candidature will generate among minorities. \"I think the Congress can do with improvement in its perception among Muslims,\" Lalu said in what sounded like a reference to the Congress's failure to attract the support of the minority in UP polls.Lalu also dismissed the suggestion of an apolitical candidate: a suggestion which is read by many as an oblique advocacy for former president A P J Abdul Kalam; even Gopal Gandhi. \"What we need is a non-partisan candidate and the vice-president fits the bill. Respect for him cuts across party affiliations and that makes him the most suitable candidate for the important responsibility,\" Lalu said.The RJD boss also made it clear that he would prefer Ansari over A P J Abdul Kalam . Congress sources insisted on Wednesday that Lalu was speaking on his own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12875233", "title": "Haemophilia patients must get comprehensive care, say experts", "text": "LUDHIANA: With the World Haemophilia Day being marked this month, Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) held second workshop for the patients and their relatives at the hospital auditorium on Wednesday, which was inaugurated by CMCH director Dr Abraham G Thomas. Dr Thomas said that comprehensive care is the way forward for haemophilia patients and it is the teamwork and planning towards the care of every individual which makes a difference in the long run. About 100participants from across the state attended the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "12874761", "title": "Dugong calf washes ashore Rameswaram coast", "text": "RAMESWARAM: A dugong calf ( kadal pasu), measuring two metres long and weighing about 180 kg was found dead in the Muttupettai sea coast in Ramanathapuram district on Wednesday.The tail and stomach part of the marine mammal was found with deep injuries, though the cause of the injury was not ascertained. The dugong, called sea cow in local parlance, was found washed ashore by the fishermen in the morning. On information from the villagers, experts from the Gulf of Mannar Marine National Park visited the spot and inspected the carcass of the animal. A veterinary doctor also accompanied the officials.Though the officials said that the exact cause of the death could be ascertained after careful study, they said that the injury might have been caused due to a hit from the propeller of a boat.Dugong is an endangered species, as it was hunted for several years for its meat and oil. Dugongs are attracted towards Rameswaram coast due to the abundance of sea-weeds and sea-grasses and the marine mammal remains the flagship of the protected Gulf of Mannar Marine National Park.In Rameswaram too, dugong poachers are caught occasionally. The convention on international trade in endangered species bans the trade of products derived from dugong. Still, poaching is one of the main reasons of dugong population decline, besides fatalities due to hit from fishing vessels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12873196", "title": "Two caught while stealing motor from farm", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two persons were caught by people and handed over to the police while trying to steal a motor from a farm near the city. The duo had earlier stolen a motor from a farm at Shankar Nagar, last week.Murthy, a resident of Sathyamurthy Nagar, near Mettupalyam in the city on Monday night saw two people running away with a motor from his farm. He tried to stop them but the duo threatened to knife him. However, Murthy shouted and neighbours came to help and caught the duo. They thrashed them and handed them to Mettupalayam police. The arrested have been identified as Abudhir (28) and Sabiq(23), belonging to SMP Nagar, Mettupalayam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873737", "title": "City mayor seat now becomes 'general'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The urban development department on Wednesday released the draft for reservation in urban local bodies election and invited suggestions or objections from the public. As per the new draft, the seat of Lucknow mayor has been kept unreserved.This is the second draft released by the urban development department. The first draft, released in March this year, had reserved Lucknow seat for women. Similarly, reservation of mayoral seats of 12 remaining municipal corporations was also done. However, the government decided to withdraw the draft and issue a new one which was released late on Wednesday night.As per the draft, now Kanpur, Varanasi, Bareilly, Moradabad and Bareilly seats have been kept unreserved. The seats of Saharanpur, Agra and Gorakhpur will be reserved for women while the ones in Jhansi and Aligarh have been reserved for women from SC and OBC categories respectively. The seats in Meerut and Ghaziabad have been reserved for OBC candidates while Agra's seat would be a SC seat. The reservation draft for nagar palika parishad (municipal boards) and nagar panchyats has also been issued.Special secretary, urban development, SP Singh, said that objections and suggestions had been invited as per procedure. The last date for submitting an objection or suggestion is May 3. The list would be re-assessed and finalized.The urban local body election were due in November last year but were postponed by the Mayawati government on grounds that the process for delimitation and reservation was not complete.However, the decision was challenged in the Allahabad high court which directed the government to hold elections at the earliest.The state government approached Supreme Court for relief. Now, the apex court has directed the state government to complete the procedure for reserving seats in state's local bodies elections by May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873233", "title": "PCMC seeks a year's time to act against illegal structures", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will file another civil application before the high court seeking a year's extension to act against unauthorised constructions within the municipal limits.Satish Pawar, additional legal advisor, PCMC, said, \"Hearing on the civic body's first application seeking a year's extension was held on April 23 before the bench of justice Rajesh Ketkar. But the bench directed the civic body to go back to the earlier bench, headed by justice P B Majumdar, which had passed the order regarding action to be taken against unauthorised constructions.\"Additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said, \"The state department of urban development had set up a committee to look into unauthorised constructions within the jurisdictions of the PCMC, the Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) and the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC). The committee has given its report to the state government, but the government has not taken any action on the same.\"There are around 1.10 lakh unauthorised constructions in Pimpri-Chinchwad, of which 82,818 are within the PCMC areas and 27,593 in the PCNTDA and MIDC areas.The issue of unauthorised constructions first came to light after Maruti Lalji Vanzari of Mohannagar in Chinchwad filed a public interest litigation (PIL) in the high court on February 3, 2011, against the civic body's alleged discrimination in taking action against unauthorised constructions.Later, he offered to withdraw the PIL as action would have been taken against his illegal structure well. But the high court refused permission to withdraw the PIL and, on the same day, directed the civic body to take action against all such constructions within six months.As a result, the civic body began to issue notices to owners. under section 53 of the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning (MRTP) Act, 1966, directing them to remove their unauthorised constructions within 30 days. But since it could not issue notices on time to owners of all the 1.10 lakh unauthorised constructions, the PCMC approached HC, which gave time till March 31, 2012, for completion of the task.The PCMC general body approved a resolution on February 18, 2011, demanding that the state government regularise the 1.10 lakh unauthorised constructions in Pimpri-Chinchwad on the lines of the Ulhasnagar civic body. The resolution was sent to the state government on May 11, 2011, but the state declined the request. It directed the civic body to submit a revised plan for regularisation of these unauthorised constructions which was submitted on August 2, 2011. The plan is still under the consideration of the state government.The extension given by the high court for taking action against unauthorised constructions expired on March 31, 2012. In the last week of March, the civic body applied to the high court for an extension of one year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "haldia", "code": "12874347", "title": "Debolina gets 12 days' judicial custody", "text": "HALDIA: A Haldia subdivisional court has sent Debolina Chakraborty - the member of Matangini Mohila Samity - to 12 days of judicial custody along with Jadavpur University student Abhijnan. Debolina was held for allegedly keeping links with the Maoists.Debolina, a Jadavpur University alumna and known as a rights activist, was rounded up from a mass gathering of Nonadanga evictees on April 8. Initially, she was charged for assaulting cops in connection with a Tiljala case but after production at court on April 9, the CID tagged her in three other cases, including a two-year-old UAPA case. They will be produced in court again on May 7.In another development, the same court has sent CPM leader Lakshman Seth, along with his two associates Amiya Sahu and Ashok Guriya, to judicial custody again on Wednesday. The bail petition for Seth at the Tamluk district court is scheduled to be heard on Thursday. The Tamluk district court, though, rejected Sahu's bail petition on Wednesday. Sahu's lawyers told TOI that he would be approaching the Calcutta high court for his bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12875098", "title": "Visiting Capitol Complex gets easy", "text": "CHANDIGARH: UT tourism department has introduced a single-window system for the convenience of foreign and domestic tourists visiting the city and those coming here to study architecture work of Le Corbusier at the Capitol Complex, Sector 1. Earlier, the tourists had to visit either the Office of Chandigarh Tourism at the Additional Deluxe Building, Sector 9, Chandigarh or Chandigarh College of Architecture, Sector 12, to obtain the introductory letter for visiting the Capitol Complex.Now, the procedure has been made much easier. In addition to these offices, the tourists can now obtain the introductory letter for visiting the Capitol Complex from any of the nearest Tourist Information Centre also, like ones at Sector 17 plaza, Sukhna Lake and Le Corbusier Centre, Sector 19, by producing their original passport and visa, in case of foreign tourists, or identity card, in case of domestic tourists. The officer deputed at these will verify details and then grant the introductory letter required to visit the Capitol Complex within 5 to 10 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12877710", "title": "'Mahua', a play, only for adults", "text": "Adult content may be facing trouble on television, but it seems that Delhi's theatre scene is ready to welcome real stories on stage.In what is being proclaimed as a play only for 'adults', Rajit Kapur is all set to stage his Hindi production \" Mahua\" in Delhi today, and the actor-director is fully confident of the show getting its deserving audience.Speaking to DT about it, Rajit says, \"I don't have a single apprehension about the play or its content. For the past couple of years, we were witnessing a decline in the quality of Hindi plays, but of late, we've seen some incredibly rich Hindi plays being written, and this play is one of those.\"While Rajit says it's difficult for him to point out where exactly he draws the line in terms of content as the director of an adult play, he adds, \"You try not to be vulgar. There's a thin line but as a director I have to find that and stop there. We've staged the play in Mumbai and Bangalore before Delhi, and only in Mumbai did we have a few elderly people 'suggest' that the language could have been toned down. They don't like cuss words being used.\" That being the case, Rajit says some things are important for a play.He says, \"Sometimes, we become too prudish. We're okay with fucks being used in English plays, but here we have a problem? You need to wake up and smell the coffee.\"The play, which features Sadiya Siddiqui, Dhanendra Kawade, Pawan Uttam, Priyanshu Painyuli and Mona Ambagaonkar, is part of an ICCR initiative, and Rajit says that he hasn't changed any bit of the play to make it suitable for Delhi's audience - a step appreciated by Delhi playwright Arvind Gaur. Says Gaur, \"Delhi's ready to accept bold plays, especially if the content is good. Aamir Raza Husain has staged sex comedies in Delhi, and Punjabi theatre is full of double entendre. The play is raising an issue, and we should view it for that, and not for its 'adult' label. Delhi's theatre audience is maturing gradually, and are finally also accepting subjects other than socio-political issues.\"Another theatre expert, Bubbles Sabharwal, says that she hasn't really encountered the term 'adult play' before, and says, \"The meaning of adult has changed in the past couple of years, especially with so much adult content coming into the public domain because of movies (like \"Love, Sex, Dhoka\"), theatre, violence on TV, etc, that adult doesn't mean the same anymore. However, plays in Delhi are usually very safe in terms of their content, and stay away from visible obscenity.So, it all depends on how this play is presented. For instance, the Vagina Monologues - it never said it's adult, but dealt with an adult theme, and was well accepted. However, if a play is set in a certain context, and needs cuss words, then why not? \"Delhi Belly\" used maa-behen gaalis so casually.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "keonjhar/berhampur", "code": "12875245", "title": "Seven students fall ill during examination", "text": "KEONJHAR/BERHAMPUR: At least seven matric examinees were admitted to hospital in Keonjhar's Hatadihi block after they fell ill during examination on Wednesday.The students were identified as Anita Nayak, Saraswati Nayak, Santhal Nayak, Ahalya Patra, Kamala Sethy and Muktikanta Mallick of Brahamanikala High School and Damayanti Parida of Salania High School. The students of Brahamanikala High School were taking the test at Salania High school, and Damayanti was writing her exam at Kapileswar High School.According to sources, the students fell ill on Wednesday morning when their geography examination began. They started shouting and behaving abnormally. Guardians said the entire incident was the effect of witchcraft. Later, the examinees were admitted to Salania community health center.Dr Pravat Ch Nayak, a medical officer at the health centre, said, \"The students were alright. They felt uneasy due to anxiety, strain and heat.\"In another incident, six matric examines, including a girl, were injured when an auto-rickshaw collided with a motorcycle at Jhatipadara in Ganjam district's Golanthara police station area on Wednesday.The injured studentsi including two in serious condition, were admitted to a hospital at Girishola. Police said the accident took place when the students of Biswanathpur High School were returning to home from their examination centre at Girishola.The accident came a day after six matriculation examinees and another person were killed when a van collided head-on with a truck in Nayagarh district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12874185", "title": "Another Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon meet ends with nothing", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) held another of its house meeting on Wednesday and as a source claimed, it was far from satisfactory.While there were close to 20 items on the agenda that were supposed to be discussed, most development-related, the only issue taken up by the mayor, that got passed even without discussion, pertained to the \"gifting\" of a piece of MCG land to the DLF. The mayor and his team ensured the resolution gets passed even though many councillors were against it. This led many to ask if indeed the councillors are facilitating the work of private builders.This is not the first time that issues benefiting builders have found precedence over issues that matter to the common man. \"The mayor and his supporters are clearly trying to assist DLF in this matter. This particular land (khasra number 2410) measuring 3029. 38 sq yards will help DLF to jack up the prices since they will get a direct approach road to their condominium. Moreover, they are giving it at a nominal rate for a lease of nine years and once DLF acquires the land, they might even block this road leading to Wazirabad village. Thirteen of us voted against the resolution but it still got passed since the mayor has a majority. We are now exploring ways to prevent it and might approach the court,\" said Mahesh Dayma, councillor of Ward no 32.\"A dangerous precedence is being set up in MCG wherein resolutions are being passed without discussion. Majority of the items in every meeting are about group housing schemes. The mayor and his team are seldom interested in talking about issues that affect the residents,\" said councillor Nisha Singh.When asked, senior deputy mayor, Yashpal Batra, refused to comment.Meanwhile, the MCG budget was finally passed by the House, but not before the councillors demanded that there should be separate provision for them in the budget. They demanded that they should be given Rs 1 crore per year as a discretionary development fund for their wards. After initial hesitation, the mayor agreed, but the proposal will first have to be approved by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12874275", "title": "Tainted cop SPS Rathore gifts wife Rs 9 lakh licence plate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Former Haryana DGP S P S Rathore, convicted of molesting teenager Ruchika Girhotra, has paid the highest amount of Rs 9.05 lakh for a fancy number for the new luxury car bought by him for his lawyer wife.Rathore has paid the highest amount of Rs 9,05,001 for the fancy number 'CH 01 AM 0001' for the Mercedes he gifted to his wife, Registering and Licensing Authority (RLA) officials said on Wednesday.At the RLA auction held in Chandigar on Tuesday for the new series CH 01 AM, the highest bidder turned out to be none other than Rathore. He took the bidding to a new level by adding one rupee to each of his bids in order to outdo others. \"My wife is number one and so is the Re 1 that I suffixed to the bids,\" Rathore said, adding that he had paid the advance amount for 15 numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12875061", "title": "Gujarat government keeps legal expenses in riots cases under wraps", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat government refused to furnish details on expenditure it has incurred in last decade over legal matters in connection with the 2002 riots.In response to four queries put forth by RTI activist Vinod Pandya, the state legal department replied that information cannot be furnished as it was not compiled. This forced Pandya to file an appeal before the appellate authority, the secretary of legal department.On February 23, Pandya sought information on the expenditure incurred on legal proceedings in the 2002 riots cases under different heads from February 2002 to 2012. He sought names of all those lawyers who represented the government in all courts and how much fee was paid to them. He also asked for information regarding the amount spent after inquiry commission and CBI probes and proceedings, the administrative expenses including stationery. The applicant also sought information on the expenditure made on legal proceedings on encounter cases.The state legal department refused to supply information earlier this month, which has led Pandya to file an appeal on April 21.Last year, Pandya sought information from the legal department regarding the expenditure incurred on proceedings of the Nanavati commission, which probed the 2002 riots. The government replied to his query in October and revealed that an amount of Rs 6.32 crore was spent for the proceedings of the commission. Of the total amount, Rs 4.53 crore had gone towards the salary of two judges and the staff members of the commission. Besides, an amount of Rs 1.5 crore had been diverted to meet miscellaneous requirements of the probe panel.\"In my appeal before the secretary, I have mentioned the reply I got last year about spending made on the inquiry commission and stated that if the department did not have any issue in parting with information about the commission, it must compile the data and reveal the amount spent after the legal proceedings over the 2002 riots,\" Pandya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12874603", "title": "Six Marathi books released", "text": "The Gomantak Marathi Academy on Monday released six Marathi books with Gopalrao Mayekar, retired professor of the DMC College, as the chief guest. The released books are 'Antarctica Safaritil Kahi Anubhav' by Vinod Dhargalkar, senior scientist in NIO, 'Avsar' by Uday Naik, 'Kumpan aani Saangaat' a novel by Milan Talaulikar, 'Aksharnama' by Ramdas Kelkar, 'Sachinchi Fatkebazi' by Sachin Kandolkar and Pournima Kerkar's 'Govyatil Dhalotsavache Swaroop'.Grievances cell for ex-servicemen: The Records of the Maratha Light Infantry, Belgaum, have set up a special grievances cell to attend to various queries and grievances of veterans from all regiments/corps. Veterans may contact Capt Baburaj on mobile No.9449943088 or land line No. 0831-2423081 with their grievances.The year 2012 is being observed as 'Year of veterans' by Records of the Maratha Light Infantry.Power ShutdownKesarval (Apr 26): Between 9am and 1pm. Areas to be affected are Mardol Hotel, Kesarval, Quelossim and vicinity.Ponda (Apr 26): Between 7am and 11am. Areas to be affected - Sapana Park, Prabhunagar, Ayyapa temple, CMM and Silvanagar.Torxem (Apr 26): Between 9am and 1pm. Areas under the jurisdiction of the village panchayats of Torxem, Tamboxem, Uguem and Mopa will be affected.Keri (Apr 27): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas under the jurisdiction of the village panchayats of Paliem and Keri in Pernem taluka will be affected.Nagzar (Apr 27): Between 9am and 1pm. Areas under the jurisdiction of the village panchayats of Hassapur Chandel, Hedus and Hankhane will be affected.Carambolim/Corlim (Apr 26): Between 7.30am and 12.30pm. Areas to be affected Jyoti Estate, Church Vaddo, Colvaddo, Volvaddo in Corlim and the entire Carambolim village will be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12875395", "title": "His garden has fruit trees from UP", "text": "DUGRI: Ashok Gupta , a resident of Dugri, Phase 1A, had made himself a promise when he was a kid and years later, he fulfiled it by surrounding his house with several fruit trees.It had been his wish since childhood to plant as many trees as possible at his abode. Gupta believes planting fruit trees gets bonus to a person in return. He got the plants from Saharanpur, UP, and Patiala.A businessman who deals with plywood, Gupta has amla, mango , loquat, plums and peach at his backyard and a small park in the front. \"I live in a locality which has been planned leaving ample space for green cover, but the negligent attitude of civic bodies hasn't helped,'' he says.Gupta even suggests his neighbours to plant fruit trees frequently considering it his social responsibility.\"I distributed amlas among all my neighbours this year as the trees in the park produced a bumper yield,'' Ashok Gupta, a resident of Dugri, Phase 1A, adds.The green cover not only adds serenity to the ambience of his residence, but even keeps the house and surroundings cool during summer, saysGupta.The park he has developed in front of his house was once a dry and rough vacant piece of land. \"I have planted the trees in such a way that the entire park would be covered under their shade in a few years,'' says Gupta.Despite his busy schedules while managing his business, he never misses his morning meet with the nature, spending time in his park. Sundays are dedicated to supervise the gardeners he has appointed to maintain his beloved park, says Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12874892", "title": "Class XII results to be out by mid-May", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education is likely to announce the results of its Class XII exams around May 15 and is set to declare its Class X public exam results a week later. \"We usually declare the Class XII exam results around mid-May. The same schedule will be maintained this year. The Class X results will follow seven to eight days later,\" a Goa Board source said.A total of 14,516 students registered for the Class XII exams, of which 7,411 were girls and 7,105 were boys. Among those that answered the exam, 797 were reappearing for the test this year. The exams began on March 3 and ended on March 27. The Class X exams began soon after, on March 30 and ended on April 11, and altogether 15,562 students answered the exams from 24 centres across the state.The April 2012 Class X exams will be the first where students will pass out with vocational subjects like mushroom cultivation and electronics as a replacement for maths, social sciences and even languages. The scheme was introduced two years ago to reduce dropout rates, which were seen rising due to the drudgery of studying a disliked subject. Students, mainly in close to a dozen rural schools, have chosen subjects under the new scheme that would provide them with employment skills.This is the second year when students of Class X and XII will get marked in both marks and grades. The Board decided that students will be evaluated as per grades and marks for the 2012 exams after there was a confusion on the allotment of internal assessment marks and their conversion into grades in May 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872763", "title": "Hours before suicide, youth told girl he was fed up", "text": "MUMBAI: A couple of hours before Kalpesh Waghmare (20) took his life over alleged torture and blackmail by his friends, he sent an SMS to his girlfriend saying he was fed up of the blackmail and was going to commit suicide. The police have recovered Kalpesh's phone from which he sent the text message to the girl on Friday at 10.30pm.Soon after receiving Kalpesh's distressing SMS, the girl sent him a message urging him to do no such thing. \"Please don't take any wrong decision. I am with you, we will live together and die together,\" she wrote.Two of Kalpesh's friends, Vicky Sakpal (22) and Kiran Gavte (21), have been arrested on the basis of a suicide note found in the youth's pocket. The accused were allegedly blackmailing Kalpesh over an MMS clip of him and his girlfriend.Kalpesh's shell-shocked father Sunil is yet to come to terms with the tragedy. Sunil, a local Shiv Sena leader, told TOI, \"I turned 42 last Saturday and wanted to celebrate with my family. But it turned out to be the most inauspicious birthday; I returned home early in the morning and found my son hanging from the ceiling.\"He said he knew about his son's affair with the local girl but was not aware of the MMS clip. \"We came to know about it only after reading Kalpesh's suicide note,\" said Sunil.The family alleged the police investigations are biased. Of the three accused, local businessman and an accused, Omprakash Somai, has managed to get interim bail. \"Why didn't the police appeal against his interim bail,\" asked Sunil.Gautam Deshmukh, senior inspector (Shivaji Nagar police) said, \"Initially, there was confusion over the name of the third accused as Kalpesh had referred to him by his nickname in his suicide note. By the time we established his identity, he had managed to get interim bail till May 3. We will approach the court for his custody the day his interim bail ends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12874062", "title": "Healthcare improves but people still eye big cities", "text": "GUWAHATI: Though the health sector of the state has gone through a lot of changes in the last decade and the state today offers advanced health care facilities at affordable prices, people from the state still go to bigger cities for treatment as they feel the state is still not ready to provide good treatment. However, doctors here claim that the state is slowly gearing up to cater to patients from outside the state.Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) receives the maximum number of patients from different parts of the state and the doctors. Kabul Saikia, principal of GMCH said, \"We wouldn't say that we are catering to a lot of patients from places like Delhi or Chennai, but we regularly have patients from places like Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim too.\"\"Earlier, the hospitals did not even have facilities like CT scan and people preferred going to places like Vellore for the same. But, for a middle-class family, it was not possible to spend so much. But, now the facility is available here itself,\" Saikia said.Specialized surgeries, which were a far-fetched dream earlier, are being done here now and it is said that patients from outside the northeast too come here for treatment.At the operation smile care unit at Mohendra Mohan Choudhury Hospital ( MMCH), hundreds of specialized surgeries on cleft lip and cleft palate, an inborn deformity can be corrected by surgery, absolutely free of cost.Ajit Verma, executive director of Operation Smile care, India said, \"Even if you go to hospitals in big metros like Delhi, a full-fledged centre which caters solely to cleft lip and cleft palate surgeries are not easy to find.\"\"Here, there is a full-fledged team dedicated solely to this surgery. Though we mainly cater to patients from the northeast, patients from outside the northeast too come here for the surgery,\" he said.Other than the government hospitals, private hospitals in the city too have advanced facilities these days. GNRC, a city-based private hospital has advanced facilities for surgeries and patients from places like Bangladesh, UP and Bihar too comes here for treatment.Mrinal Hazarika, an official of the hospital said, \"We have a specialized surgery under ENT, cochlear implant for which we get patients from Kolkata too. We also have specialized neurosurgery facilities for which we receive patients from all parts of the northeast.\"Anwesha Tamuly, a school teacher said, \"There has been development in the health sector, but still in critical cases, we go outside the state for treatment as there are a lot of loopholes in the health sector of the state.\"She added, \"The condition of the health care facilities in the villages are still very bad and unless there is an overall development in both the urban and rural areas, treating patients from outside the northeast is a distant dream.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874457", "title": "Paan-oramic view of mills' golden era", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If a researcher, studying Ahmedabad's industrial history, wants a detailed photographic documentation of the closed textile mills of the city, he will have to come to this paanwala. Kailashsinh Chauhan, 75, has spent the last 17-odd years taking photographs of the mills which have been reduced to hollow structures ever since the textile industry in Ahmedabad collapsed. Turning into an amateur photographer was his way of paying tribute to the mills, which fed the families of thousands of poor once upon a time.Chauhan is looking forward to his maiden exhibition, thanks to a photography club in the city, which noticed the wealth in the images. Though he did not have any formal training in using the camera, he aimed to capture the past for posterity before it totally disappeared.Chauhan was just 15 when he came to Ahmedabad. Wails of sirens resounded in the city from various textile mills. To the young boy, the sirens which announced the change in shift at textile mills seemed like the song of prosperity. Soon Chauhan used his modest resources to start a small paan shop in Saraspur.\"Then all my customers seemed to be bathed in a euphoric sense of affluence. In the 1980s though the scenario began changing as the textile boom lost steam and mills started downing shutters. The same customers seemed to be a depressed lot then. Some of the customers, like Jatin Vora, had become my friends and they used to share their apprehensions and fears about an uncertain future,\" said Chauhan, owner of Sangam paan house in Raipur.Chauhan feared the glorious era of textiles would soon be forgotten as he saw big mills being demolished one after another. In 1995, he was struck by an idea -taking photos of the Ahmedabad skyline constituting the huge chimneys and campuses of textile mills.He pooled in his earnings to buy a camera worth Rs 15,000. And, then began his journey through the lens. Each day he would take his bicycle and roam around the city clicking photos of the textile mills - all closed.Interestingly, his photos are from outside the boundary walls of the huge mill compounds. \"The security guards never allowed me in with a camera,\" said Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12875048", "title": "Helpline &amp; night patrolling to curb eve-teasing", "text": "RANCHI: Girls in the city, who want to venture out of their homes in the evening, need not worry now. Around every roundabout and coaching institute where girls meet usually in the evening, police will carry out special patrolling from Thursday, said DIG (Ranchi range) Sampat Meena.\"To add to the sense of security among girls, I have instructed all police stations to regularly organize such patrolling,\" Meena told TOI on Wednesday. The decision was taken at a meeting with Ranchi SSP and police inspectors, which was chaired by the DIG.Contact numbers of SP, DSP, control room and officers-in-charge of local police stations will be displayed at all public places, transport facilities and roundabouts. \"Schools, colleges and private coaching institutes will be asked to put up these numbers on display in their premises,\" Meena added.Ranchi police also re-launched a women's helpline number - 9431700003. \"Through the media, I want to encourage the public to seek police help as frequently as they can. Only when people come ahead and inform us, we can help them and also check crime,\" the DIG said. The inspectors have also been instructed to intensify their patrolling during night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12874090", "title": "Vindicated after 25 years: Big B", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Amitabh Bachchan is feeling vindicated after the whistleblower of the Bofors scam said in an interview to a website that the actor's name was planted by Indian investigators during their trip to Sweden in 1990.Speaking to reporters on Wednesday, he said, \"My family and I are happy to note the statement made by former Swedish police head Sten Lindstorm investigating the Bofors-India gun deal. Lindstorm stated we were innocent and that there was never ever any evidence to indicate our involvement. The interview indicates it took Lindstorm 25 years to come out with the truth. For us, as a family that has borne the humiliation and insults for the past 25 years, this comes as a vindication of our stand.''Bachchan said he was upset that the truth didn't come out when his parents were alive. \"When these allegations were levelled against me, my father asked me if I had done anything wrong but I could not say anything that time. He was disturbed by the allegations. But today they are not with me to hear about this (clean chit),\" he said.\"What has been most disturbing for me was the pain of insinuation that my ageing parents had to bear during their lifetime,\" he said. \"What has also been alarming has been the statement given by the police head that my name was 'planted' when he had indeed, through his investigation, found us not guilty. When the accusations were made, my family and I moved the London courts and proved our innocence. For the former police head to have not stated then what he always knew, is surprising. The abuse, humiliation and the castigation that our family bore for 25 years has been vindicated, finally,\" Bachchan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "12874373", "title": "Youth attacks doctor to avenge wife's death", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Kamal Lochan Behera, a gynecologist of Deogarh government hospital, was severely injured when a youth attacked him with a sword at Deogarh town on Monday evening.The youth held the doctor responsible for his wife's death and attacked him when the doctor was attending patients in his private clinic. The doctor, who is also the district ADMO, was taken to the hospital for treatment after he sustained injuries on his face and hand and was later shifted to Cuttack.The accused, identified as Madan Sahu of Samantarapali under Deogarh police limits, surrendered before the police after the incident. He alleged before the police that his wife died due to the doctor's negligence and he took steps to take revenge.Sources said his wife was admitted in Deogarh hospital few days back but the doctor referred her to VSS Medical college hospital of Burla because of her critical condition where she died during treatment. \"We arrested the accused after he surrendered before the police. A case has been registered and the investigation is on\", a police officer of Deogarh police station said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873364", "title": "Blast on ship: Captain, chief officer held", "text": "MUMBAI: The Yellow Gate police arrested the captain and chief officer of Korean ship Royal Diamond-7 for causing death by negligence. A local court granted them bail but ordered them not to leave the city until further orders.Police sources said that a Korean worker, Mun Heyon Seak (56), died on board the vessel after a gas explosion last month. The ship, anchored 15 nautical miles from Mumbai, still contains over 8,000 tonne of inflammable chemicals.Police inspector M G Tope said, \"We arrested Chung Hyun Ill (42), captain of the ship, and Kim Seong Hun, chief officer, for death due to negligence. Some of the injured persons are still recuperating in several hospitals. We have submitted our report to the court\".The Korean ship had come to Mumbai on March 16 from Taiwan and was to go to Kandla Port in Gujarat via Mumbai. \"There was an explosion on the ship on March 17, which injured three persons. On March 24, while 14 Indian workers and half a dozen foreigners were working on the ship, there was another explosion, which killed a Korean national and injured six others. Those injured include three Indians,\" said Tope.Tope said that due to the force of the explosion, an Indian worker was flung into the sea. \"When a Korean worker jumped in to save him, he too suffered injuries,\" said Tope.The Marshall Island-flagged vessel has clearance by the police to sail, but is still anchored in the sea, waiting for clearance from the director general of shipping and the Mumbai Port Trust. The ship was to go to Dubai after Gujarat to deliver chemicals. \"It was dangerous for the ship to remain anchored near the shore, so we asked them to take it further away,\" said Tope.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873170", "title": "Sparks to fly as discoms seek more surcharge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Get ready to shell out more for power from next month. Discoms BSES Rajdhani, BSES Yamuna and Tata Delhi Power have submitted their claims to Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) for new fuel adjustments cost (FAC) from May 1 to July 30.Sources say BSES Yamuna has asked approximately 9% FAC, BSES Rajdhani wants 7% and Tata Delhi Power 5%. The regulator will now decide how much FAC will be granted to discoms. An order in this regard will be passed shortly even as consumer activists are planning to hold a demonstration outside DERC offices for the four-day public hearing beginning Thursday.This will be the second FAC granted to discoms and will be charged over and above the hiked tariff. In fact, DERC is holding the public hearing to give consumers a chance to respond to petitions filed by discoms and put their point across. The first FAC of 5% was implemented from February 1 for a three-month period; it expires at the end of this month. \"For the next few days, we will be occupied with the public hearing; but by next week, we will examine the FAC proposals sent by the discoms and come to a decision,\" said DERC chairperson P D Sudhakar.DERC officials said that fuel adjustment was in the interest of consumers who would otherwise be burdened with carrying cost (interest). \"By borrowing money to pay power suppliers, it is the consumer who will end up with the burden of having to pay carrying cost. To avoid this, we had asked the commission to institute a mechanism for passing the variations in power purchase cost to the consumers on a monthly or quarterly basis,\" said a discom official.Discoms had made a proposal for fuel cost adjustment in their tariff petitions submitted last year. They argued that they have to pay power suppliers, like NTPC or Indraprastha Gas, on a monthly basis and that it took them at least two years to recover their expenses. Power officials say coal and gas account for up to 80% of power procurement costs. Power procurement costs also increase merchant power costs (power bought on short notice), which again discoms claim is priced depending on the demand-supply scenario.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875540", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation proposes 'revised figures' for parking", "text": "NAGPUR: A proposal submitted to the general body by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has recommended mandatory parking space for only 6 cars, 4 two-wheelers and 4 bicycles for every 20 beds in a hospital. Many more such 'revised figures' for parking in new or renovated buildings are included in the proposal seeking a revision of the by-laws.NMC's town planning department has prepared the proposal that will come up for discussion in the general meeting of general body on April 30.According to the agenda of the meeting, the by-laws for parking space in various types of buildings was notified in the city development plan (CDP) approved in 2000. \"Those bylaws are still prevailing in the city since 2000. It has come to the knowledge that parking space is insufficient and causing traffic congestion. Therefore, there is a need to revise the by-laws,\" said the department.According to the proposal, the department has proposed revision in parking space in ten types of buildings. The parking space recommended for buildings in 2000 was very less. For example, a cinema hall or any other halls with seating capacity of 40 seats are required to have parking space for only 3 cars, 5 two-wheelers and 10 bicycles as per existing by-laws.If the proposed by-laws become a reality, then each cinema hall would require parking space for 6 cars, 10 two-wheelers and 10 bicycles in congested area for every 40 seats, while they would require space for 6 cars, 20 two-wheelers and 10 bicycles in non-congested areas.However, some experts have said that in reality, the proposed parking by-law will not be sufficient even for the vehicles of staffers themselves of such establishments.The same is the case with all ten categories of buildings. In present conditions, the parking space at hotels/restaurants and hospitals is a big problem, especially in West and South-West Nagpur. In the proposed by-laws, grade-1 hotels situated in 18 sq m area will have to construct parking space for 4 cars, 4 two-wheelers and 2 bicycles in congested area, while it will be 4 cars, 8 two-wheelers and 4 bicycles in non-congested area.For grade-II and III hotels situated in 80 sq m area, the parking space should be for accommodation of 1 car, 8 two-wheelers and 2 bicycles in congested area while 2 cars, 8 two-wheelers and 4 bicycles in non-congested area.The parking situation will not improve if such by-laws prevail. However, there is a possibility that the general body discussion may result in some changes in the proposal. After the consent of general body, the citizens will get a chance to submit their suggestions and objections on the proposal. Then, the proposal will be sent to the state government for its approval before the new by-laws come into effect. The revised by-laws will be applicable for new and renovated buildings only, and not the existing ones.The engineers concerned only said that the proposal almost doubles the space required by the 2000 by-laws. \"Various kinds of problems arise if huge parking space is made mandatory. The cost of the building construction will rise to a great extent and also of maintenance. Besides, persons planning to leave parking space in front or beside the buildings will not be able to construct big buildings. But it is up to the general body and citizens to finalize the by-laws,\" they said.Proposed Parking By-LawsBuilding Specifications Congested Area Non Congested AreaC S BC S BResidentialAbove 80 sq mt2 4 22 4 240 sq m-80 sq mt 1 4 42 8 4LodgingEvery 5 rooms3 4 43 8 4Restaurants18 sq mt4 4 24 8 480 sq.mt1 8 82 8 4HospitalsEvery 20 beds6 4 46 8 4Theatres/HallsEvery 40 seats6 10 106 20 10Educational100 sq.mt4 4 44 8 4Commercial100 sq.mt4 4 44 8 4IndustrialEvery 300 sq.mt 2 4 42 8 8PlotsBelow 200 sq.mt 144144Below 100 sq.mt nil24nil24(C- Cars, S-two-wheelers and B-Bicycles)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873346", "title": "Cops charge Palande with killing Kakkar, plan to slap MCOCA", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch, investigating the disappearance of aspiring producer Karan Kakkar, has slapped the charge of murder on Vijay Palande and his aides Dhananjay Shinde and Manoj Gajkosh, who are also accused in the Arun Tikku murder case. Sources said police want to invoke the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) against the accused, which will give them 180 days to file chargesheets, and are seeking legal opinion.\"All the ingredients under the ambit of MCOCA are present in the Kakkar and Tikku cases,\" said a police officer. \"An organized gang, pecuniary gain and previous chargesheets - these should qualify the cases to be brought under the act,\" said the officer.\"Palande is associated with deported gangster Santosh Shetty. He selected his targets (Kakkar and Tikku) and killed them for monetary gain. He has previous chargesheets. Lastly, he jumped parole and even fled from police custody. All these are enough to convince us that Palande is a dreaded criminal,\" the officer said.Another officer said that Palande deserves to be charged under MCOCA because he was given a 10-year prison term for murdering Air India employee Anup Das and his father in 1998. \"He jumped parole for this conviction. But he was arrested in two months and sent back to jail. Then, his role surfaced in the kidnapping of a pharmaceutical businessman from Mumbai. Palande, at Shetty's behest, abducted the businessman from the airport and assaulted him for ransom.\"The Kakkar case began on a missing complaint by Karan's brother Hanish on March 11. Karan last spoke to him on March 5, telling him that Palande was going to put him in touch with a financier so that he could start a production house. He also texted this to a friend, adding that Palande appeared to manage politicians' black money. The next day, Karan's family found his cellphone switched off. There was no progress in the probe till Palande's arrest in the Tikku case. He and Shinde, during interrogation, said they killed Karan, cut his body into pieces and dumped the remains at Kumbharli ghat in Ratnagiri.\"When we recovered the remains, suspected to be those of Karan, assuming that Palande was telling the truth, we added the charges of kidnapping, wrongful confinement and murder,\" said joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy.But Karan's brother and mother, Rita, refuse to believe that the remains are those of Karan; they say the skull is too small. The police have sent the remains to the Kalina forensic science laboratory (FSL) for chemical analysis and DNA test. The legal fraternity has questioned the police's conclusion that Karan was murdered since it has not been \"legally confirmed\" that the remains found in Ratnagiri are his.A police source said the DNA result may take several months to come. \"The police cannot wait so long. We have to believe Palande's confession and consider corroborating evidence that he killed Karan Kakkar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhangar (south 24-parganas)", "code": "12874091", "title": "'TMC terror' over Bhangar College poll", "text": "BHANGAR (SOUTH 24-PARGANAS): Teachers of a college on the outskirts of Kolkata have been living in terror for two days after an alleged assault by a band of Trinamool Congress men, reportedly led by former MLA Arabul Islam.Many teachers of Bhangar College allege that Islam threatened to strip them naked and beat them up. He allegedly hurled a jug of water at a lady professor, Debjani Dey, on Tuesday injuring her in the face. Islam denied all the charges and challenged journalists to remove Debjani's plaster to check if there is any injury at all.On Wednesday, there was a band of outsiders hovering 'menacingly' at the gates. Teachers stood outside for hours, unsure of whether they should go in and Islam's \"threats\" the previous day. Many returned home. Eventually, a few mustered the courage to walk past the musclemen and the rest followed. There is still tension on the campus and the teachers and angry and frightened.The ruckus is apparently over election to the West Bengal College and University Teacher's Association (WBCUTA). The college has five seats in the WBCUTA general committee. At the moment, the Left holds three and the Trinamool two. When the teachers walked in on Tuesday morning, they were told that Islam - who heads the college's governing body - had issued a 'whip' asking teachers to vote for Trinamool in all five seats. This created a commotion in the staff room as teachers started protesting.\"Islam marched into the staff room and started abusing everyone who challenged his order. His body language was rude as he shouted, 'amar soi er opor maine pash, amar kathar opor khobordari' (you get paid on my signature and you dare challenge my word)? He then picked up a glass jug and threw it at Debjani Dey, my colleague,\" said Sanjukta Chakraborty, a professor.Debjani has a plaster on her injured chin. \"Is this how a teacher should be treated?\" she asked. \"All we said was that issuing a whip about whom to vote for is completely undemocratic. We are terrified. How will we continue in a college where our safety is at stake?\"\"Islam looked and sounded menacing as he said that we would be stripped naked and beaten up if we dared challenge him,\" alleged Subrata Goswami, another teacher.Islam has denied the charges, though he admits that there was a \"heated argument\". \"She (Debjani) raised her finger while talking to me. I protested and told her how dare she raise her finger. That was it. There was no further argument, nor any use of abusive words. I just put the jug down with a thud. Water spilled out of the jug and fell on me as well as some of the teachers. The lady teacher is levelling false charges against me. It is politically motivated. I'd request you to remove the leucoplast and see whether there is any injury,\" said Islam.Urban development minister Firhad Hakim also claimed that Islam \"did not throw it\". Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, who handles Trinamool's affairs in South 24-Parganas, said that the incident \"being publicized by the media\" is not true. \"There are several contradictions and we will have to investigate the whole affair before commenting on it. There is no question of taking any action on anyone at this stage,\" he said.Education minister Bratya Basu said he would not like to comment on this issue although his department officials admit that Arabul and his men blocked the teachers on Wednesday.Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee is, however, said to be extremely upset over the news. She has already started inquiring into the 'truth' and is believed to have said that strict action will be taken against Islam if he is found guilty.\"The reason why my colleague has not filed an FIR with the police is that she fears for her life. On Tuesday, we were threatened with dire consequences if she did so,\" said a teacher.Teachers said that the principal, Nani Gopal Barik, did nothing to help them. Interestingly, both Islam and Barik alleged that the attendance of teachers in the college was \"unsatisfactory\" and that they were trying to divert attention from it by raising an alarm over Tuesday's altercation. \"I agree that there was an altercation but it is being blown out of proportion. I have received a written complain from the teachers. On the other hand, the governing body has been complaining to me about the irregular attendance of teachers. I know for a fact that even if they walk in at 2pm they forcibly sign the register saying that they arrived at 11 am,\" said Barik. He pointed out that the teachers' complaint does not say that Islam threw a jug at Debjani.The teachers have lodged a complaint with WBCUTA. The association met Calcutta University pro-vice-chancellor Dhruvajyoti Chattopadhyay. \"This is indeed a shameful incident. We urge the higher education department to ensure that there is no external interference. We have sought permission from Governor M K Narayanan to meet him on Thursday,\" said general secretary Tarun Patra.A senior official of the higher education department said: \"The accused Trinamool leader and his partymen tried to block the teachers from entering the college on Wednesday morning. We have taken proper measures and ensured entry to the teachers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12874141", "title": "Old-timers battle for AGP top job even as party seniors seek reforms", "text": "GUWAHATI: Asom Gana Parishad will hold an election to pick its leadership for the first time since the party's inception in 1985. Forever plagued by internal squabbles and power struggles, the party again stands divided into two camps with AGP's founding president and former chief minister Prafulla Mahanta contesting against Padma Hazarika.Several AGP leaders, who refused to be named to avoid disciplinary action, said both candidates for the president's post were at the helm of affairs of the party at different periods when the party went on the slide suffering several electoral defeats. The party, which was in power for two terms, now has just 10 MLAs in the 126-member assembly.The party election is being seen as the AGP's doomed attempt at reforms as two old-timers rather than new faces fight for the top post of the president's post. \"Where are the reforms that we wanted to see. The same old faces are fighting for leadership once again,\" an AGP leader said.\"Mahanta's tenure as the CM will always be remembered for secret killings and the multi-crore letter of credit scam. These two issues are still being used by the Congress to win elections. We wanted to reform the party and put it on track to revival before the next assembly election in 2016, but If Mahanta becomes the president again, these issues will continue to haunt the party,\" another senior leader said.Present AGP general secretary Hazarika too has his detractors within the party. \"He was also the member of the party steering committee which is responsible for strategies and policies. Hazarika cannot shy away from accepting responsibility for the party's failures in elections as he is a senior leader. With him running for the president's post, the very objective of reforms is defeated,\" the leader added.The party will elect 28 members - a president and a working president, five general secretaries and 21 executive members - from 50 candidates. Present party president Chandra Mohan Patowary, who lost the last assembly election, has chosen not to contest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "12875277", "title": "'India-Pak N-war may spark global famine'", "text": "CHICAGO: Over a billion people aross the world would face starvation if India and Pakistan unleash nuclear weapons - even if that war is regionally limited - a study released on Wednesday warned.That's because the deadly and polluting weapons would cause major worldwide climate disruption that would dramatically drive down food production in China, US and other countries . \"The grim prospect of nuclear famine requires a fundamental change in our thinking about nuclear weapons,\" said study author Dr Ira Helfand of the International Physicians for the Prevention of Nuclear War.\"The new evidence that even the relatively small nuclear arsenals of countries such as India and Pakistan could cause long lasting, global damage to the Earth's ecosystems and threaten hundreds of millions of already malnourished people demands that action be taken ,\" Helfand said. \"The needless deaths over a decade would be a disaster unprecedented in human history . It would not only cause the extinction of the human race, but it would bring an end to modern civilization as we know it.\"The study, set to be published in journal Climate Change, was released at the World Summit of Nobel Laureates in Chicago . It found that corn production in US would decline by an average of 10% for a decade and soybean production would drop by about 10%, with the most severe decline occurring five years after the nuclear war. It also determined that rice production in China would drop by an average of 21% for first four years and 10% for next six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875503", "title": "Karajgaonkar bail plea hearing today", "text": "NAGPUR: The drama over anticipatory bail application of region's deputy director of education Mahesh Karajgaonkar will continue for yet another day as the sessions court has scheduled further hearing of the matter for Thursday. Karajgaonkar's application has been transferred to a new court that heard the first arguments on Wednesday. The top education official is seeking anticipatory bail in St. Vincent School (SVS) fake teachers' recruitment scam.GM Sakharkar, assistant commissioner of police, Nagpur city, said, \"the court heard arguments and asked us to inform the defence team to ensure that Karajgaonkar was present in court on Thursday. Since the defence lawyer had already left, we informed him later. We will be coming prepared to take Karajgaonkar into custody immediately if the anticipatory bail is rejected.\"Karajgaonkar had moved the sessions court for an anticipatory bail earlier this month. After hearing arguments from both the sides, the court reserved its order for April 18. ACP Sakharkar, said, \"our officer had gone to court to check the order but was informed that the case was transferred to a new court.\"TOI had reported on March 22, 2011, about the three decade old fake teachers' recruitment scam being busted by the education department at SVS. This school received grants from government for teachers' salary. Since 1982, it was furnishing fake employment details to the education department. Unqualified teachers were working in the name of government recognized ones and drawing salaries under fake names. They even withdrew money from provident fund accounts and milked tax payers' money that came to school as grants.The police allege that Karajgaonkar did not act upon a complaint received by his department regarding the scam, which ultimately caused losses worth crores to the exchequer. The police have gathered evidence of Rs 5.17 crore being siphoned off from in the name of fake teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874380", "title": "One-third of rural job funds spent in March", "text": "KOLKATA: It may be the impact of the efforts put in by officials led by panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee in the past few months, or a matter of outdoing the former Left Front government in terms of figures. But the fact is that the Mamata Banerjee government has spent a whopping Rs 982.86 crore in this March alone under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) programme.The amount spent in March is approximately one-third of what was spent throughout the year - Rs 2959.04 crore.In March 2011, the former Left Front government had spent Rs 432.57 crore.Also, the total number of man-days - which indicates the number of days of job created - has increased from 31.07 to 33 this year.According to Mukherjee, the fact that so much money could be spent in a month is itself a record in the country.Former panchayat minister Anisur Rahaman, in the Left Front governmenthowever, would take all this with a pinch of salt. He says that the main yardstick is not how much money has been spent, but how many man-days were created and how many families got work.\"In any case, the total pay per day has increased over the years, so the total amount of funds spent will also increase. Therefore, that cannot be a reliable yardstick,\" said Rahaman.Interestingly, the average man-days per household was 44.59 in 2009-10, much higher than the two following years.Mukherjee says that there is no doubt about the fact that work was done and it gained momentum towards March, when the figures indicate how much work was done on the fields.\"If the total funds spent increase so much, it does after all indicate work was done, not otherwise,\" Mukherjee said.There are 1.1 crore job card holders in Bengal, though 60% don't use the cards.FOR BOX:2009-10:Rs 2108.98 crore (total money spent)34 lakh families got jobs44.59 is the number of man days created per month per household on an average2010-11:Rs 2532.46 crore (total money spent)49 lakh families got jobs31.07 is the number of man days created per month per household on an average2011-12:Rs 2959.04 crore (total money spent)33 is the number of man days created per month per household on an average____________________________________March 2011-12: 5.72 crore man daysMarch 2010-11: 2.1 crore man daysMarch 2011-12: Rs 982.86 croreMarch 2010-11: Rs 432.57 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873000", "title": "PCMC meeting to discuss water supply", "text": "PUNE: A special meeting of the water supply department of the Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation will be held on May 2 to discuss water needs of the township, with special focus on complaints related to tankers.The discussion was to be held on April 24, but it was rescheduled for May 2 because the civic official concerned was on leave during the period.At the standing committee meeting held on Tuesday, corporator Sushma Tanpure raised the issue of mosquito problem in Sangvi area. She said that fogging done proved to be of little use. The issue is slated for further discussion on Thursday.\"Discussions were also held about cleaning of nullahs before the onset of monsoon. Civic officials informed that bids have been invited for cleaning nullahs in all the four zones. Directives were given to civic officials to complete the work by the end of May through contractors,\" said Shetty.Total 90 proposals were discussed at the meeting. Shetty said, \"A majority of these proposals have come only for review or for approval after the work orders were issued.\"Developmental projects having a total outlay of Rs 94.24 lakh were approved at the meeting on Tuesday. The major proposals that were passed include purchase of medicines for Yashwantrao Chavan memorial hospital and other hospitals and Rs 4.24 lakh for transporting sludge from Sangvi sewage treatment plant to Moshi garbage depot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873608", "title": "Anna Hazare wants CM, Raj to back crusade", "text": "MUMBAI: Anna Hazare will meet chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, deputy CM Ajit Pawar and MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Thursday to gather support for his Lokayukta crusade.Hazare wants Maharashtra to arm the Lokayukta's office with greater powers to weed out graft. He will also call on Maharashtra PCC chief Manikrao Thakre, state BJP chief Sudhir Mungantiwar and opposition leader in the legislative council Vindo Tawde. BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said, \"The meet's agenda has not been fixed. But, state BJP chief Sudhir Mungantiwar and others will greet him.\"He also wants to meet Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray .Details of the meeting are being worked out, sources close to him said.Confirming that he was meeting Hazare, Raj Thackeray said, \"Hazare has certain issues regarding the office of Lokayukta. Let me see hat he says.\"Hazare will meet the chief minister at 9 am followed by a meeting with deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in Mantralaya. He will call on Manikrao Thakre in the afternoon and visit Tawde's suburban residence in the evening. The noted activists may end his day with a visit to Matoshree, sources added.By calling on key Maharashtra leaders, Hazare is keen on consolidating his position in Maharashtra, his home state. \"Hazare will strengthen his position if he can persuade the chief minister and opposition leaders to give more powers to the Lok Ayukta,\" said a senior Congress leader.Hazare arrived in Mumbai late Wednesday evening and he checked into the state owned Sahyadri guest house at Malabar hill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12874992", "title": "Commuters continue jumping signals at Chitnis, Golibar square", "text": "NAGPUR: With a view to ease traffic congestions in two chaotic junctions-Golibar Chowk and Chitnis Park square of the city, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had erected traffic signals. However, instead of easing the traffic chaos, the new traffic lights have turned into a virtual nightmare as hardly people follow them.The blatant violation and no one to keep a check on them ends up irritating the few motorists who go by the rules.It so happened after requests from residents of the two localities, city traffic police approached the NMC. Subsequently the traffic department erected traffic lights at these two junctions. However, now hardly any motorists follow the signals. \"In fact, the decision to put traffic signal at the junction was bizarre,\" said residents.\"Following the installation of traffic lights at Golibar Chowk, the place started witnessing many minor accidents as very few motorists followed the signals,\" said Amit Sharma a trader.\"We need to ensure that motorists follow the signals. Or else, it is a waste. No one should get away with breaking rules,\" said Shahid Baig an automobile shop owner near Chitnis Park. Baig, a motorist escaped a mishap after being hit by a motorbiker which jumped a red-light, said, \"It is a crime to put up traffic lights like this. Are we looking for solutions or creating more problems?\"In fact, NMC had spent around Rs8lakh of the taxpayers' money to install the signals at these two junctions.An NMC traffic department official, however, explained that the signals were installed on recommendations of traffic police. The officer pointed out that motorists follow the traffic lights only when there is a cop present. He suggested that a cop should be posted at these two places at least for a few weeks so that commuters get used to them. DCP (traffic) Jeevaraj Dabhade said that he has already given instructions to his subordinates to ensure deployment of cops at these two junctions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12875614", "title": "Man stabs father over petty dispute", "text": "KANPUR: A man stabbed his father in a fit of rage after a dispute between them at their residence in Gujaini area under Govindnagar police station, on Wednesday.The police identified the victim as Khemchand Chawla. His son, Kanhaiyya, who is unemployed, reportedly used to come home late every night and create trouble at home. On Wednesday morning, when he fought with his family members, his father, Khemchand, intervened. As the argument intensified, Kanhaiyya took a sharp-edged knife and stabbed his father.Neighbours rushed Khemchand to the LLR Hospital, where the doctors stated his condition to be stable. Based on a complaint by other family members, the police arrested Kanhaiyya and sent him to jail.Arrested: The police arrested Deshraj, son of Kailash of Juhi Bamburiya and Chotu, son of Gaya Prasad of Sangrampur in Ramabai Nagar, on Wednesday. According to police, the duo was planning to commit a theft in the locality when they were nabbed by a police team near Shani Deo Temple. The police also recovered a sharp-edged knife and tools, including master-keys used for committing theft. The accused were later sent to jail.Elsewhere, the police arrested Ram Chandra, son of Putti Lal of Acharya Nagar Raipurwa, on charges of playing 'satta'. The police later sent him to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12873767", "title": "Now, Yakshagana to spread green message", "text": "MANGALORE: A green endeavour of the Western Ghats Task Force will use Yakshagana to spread green message among Gen Next. The task force in association with Yaksha Shalmala of Sonda Swarnavalli Mutt, Sirsi will host a state-level Yakshagana competition in the last week of May. With environment as theme of Yakshagana prasangas, the event to be held in Sirsi seeks to drive home the message on need to preserve and protect the environment.Prasangas on environment are not a new experiment in the art form. Such efforts have been going on for the past one decade, according to Nagaraj Joshi, secretary of Yaksha Shalmala.\"Yakshagana troupes have been performing such prasangas in Kerala, Maharashtra Goa, and in Mangalore for the past 10 years,\" he said, adding that yakshagana competition for school children on such a theme is a new attempt and one which could pick up in days ahead.Eminent names in the field of Yakshagana prasanga composition like Hosathotta Manjunath Bhagawath and Hosathotta Gajanana Bhat have composed prasangas with environment as its theme. This include 'Nisarga Sandhana', Govardhana Giri Pooja' and 'Vruksha Mahatme'.\"It is this very legacy that the organizers want to kindle among students through the event,\" he said adding competition will be held in junior and senior categories.While any badagathittu yakshagana troupe from Karnataka is eligible to take part in the competition, Nagaraj said organizers have decided to limit entries to 10 each for all categories. \"We have already received positive feelers for the event from yakshagana troupes from various parts,\" he said adding interested may dial 9448756273/9739267770.The students will get all necessary support in terms of costumes, boarding and lodging.On limiting the choice of Yakshagana style to badagathittu alone, Nagaraj said, \"It will be a herculean task for judges to evaluate both badagathittu and thenkuthittu styles on the same platform and justice cannot be done. Besides, such an endeavour would have stretched both the finances and time needed for a competition of this nature.\"He added that the organizers could think about it in the future. The task force is funding the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874277", "title": "Fine for ignoring fire safety norms", "text": "KOLKATA: The state fire services department wants to frame laws which will allow it to slap fines, ranging between Rs 25000 and Rs 5 lakh,on building owners found responsible for any negligence that caused a fire in the building.The state fire services department wants to frame laws allowing it to slap fines ranging from Rs 25,000 to Rs 5 lakh on building owners found responsible for any negligence that caused a fire in the building.According to clause 38 B of the West Bengal Fire Services Act, 1950, the fire services department can slap fines if negligence is found in any incident of fire. DG fire services DP Tarenia has written to the department secretary about the proposal. \"The department will earn revenue as well as awareness will increase if this fine is imposed,\" said fire services and disaster managementminister Javed Khan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12875345", "title": "'Trust Tories for a British-Indian PM'", "text": "The Conservative party is going to be the first in the UK to have a British PM of Indian-origin , premier David Cameron has forecast as he praised the community for their hard work to make Britain what it is today. \"We were the first party to have a woman PM, we were the first party to have a Jewish PM in (Benjamin) Disraeli and when I look at the talent behind me I think we are going to be the first party to have a British Indian PM,\" Cameron said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873398", "title": "More room in Tihar: High court to fast-track bail of undertrials", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly 400 undertrials will be released on bail from Tihar Jail. Delhi high court on Wednesday directed the jail authorities to fast-track bail pleas of undertrials lodged behind bars for over a year in offences that carry a maximum sentence of seven years. A bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw asked the jail to pass on the details of such undertrials to the Delhi Legal Services Authority (DLSA), which will co-ordinate their release on bail.HC took into account a list furnished by jail authorities saying they have over 8,000 undertrials lodged with them.The court passed the order on a PIL filed by advocates Vijay Agarwal and Rakesh Makhija, urging the bench to ensure implementation of a 16-year-old Supreme Court ruling.The apex court had ordered immediate release of those who were languishing in jail for two years in attempt to murder cases. It had further ordered release for those behind bars facing trial in offences that include kidnapping, theft, cheating, Arms Act, counterfeiting and rioting.In its PIL, the petitioners urged HC to repeat the exercise and direct the authorities to frame a policy to grant bail to prisoners facing trial under such offences as the prison gets overcrowded.HC then asked the jail superintendent to provide within a week the case details of the undertrials to DLSA, which would ask its lawyers to file applications before concerned courts for their release. HC also directed the trial courts to grant bail and release the accused on personal bonds in case any prisoner failed to furnish the bail bond before it. The PIL informed HC that \"undertrials constitute a whopping 67% of the total prison population in India-2,57,928\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12874784", "title": "What ails Congress party?", "text": "BANGALORE: The BJP's internal troubles should have made the state Congress boost its sagging fortunes. Its only trump card has been the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll victory. With a divided BJP and a weak JD(S), the Congress which ruled the state once has a fair chance of improving its prospects. But the party is beset with several problems which need to be addressed.Tussle between five to six top leaders who are chief minister aspirants. Each person's thinking is: \"if not me, none should get it.'' The chief minister aspirants include KPCC president G Parameshwara, opposition party leader Siddaramaiah and New Delhibased leaders from Karnataka. Party has many leaders, but no workers. This is a reason why it lost most of the assembly byelections since May 2008__ there was no initiative to put in place booth-level campaigning. Groupism in the district units and at grassroots level where the party has been fragmented into two or three groups. No direction from the high command to state leaders that they should focus on uniting the party instead of eyeing the CM's gaddi There are many who want to join the Congress, but are hesitant of the cold response by the state leaders. The potential entrants are not sure whether they will be given any post in the party and how their political career will chart out in the future.No encouragement and scope for young blood in the party to rise, with the seniors blocking their chances.Siddaramaiah is accepted as a leader of backward classes. However he is still not seen as a Congressman. Parameshwara is a suave president but party workers are unhappy with the unilateral decisions taken by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875051", "title": "Missing railway guard returns in mentally disturbed state", "text": "NAGPUR: Sanjay Ambagade, the goods train guard with Nagpur Central Railway who had mysteriously disappeared from Jaulkheda railway station, 147km from here near Amla, returned in a mentally disturbed condition on Monday and was admitted to private hospital.Ambagade (35) a resident of Balaji Nagar in Manewada, went missing on Sunday around 3.15pm. A hunt was launched by his colleagues and the Railway Protection Force (RPF) to trace him in the adjoining forests near Jaulkheda but was not found.Surprisingly, Ambagade returned to the guards' lobby on platform number one at the station on Monday around 11pm. Sources said he couldn't explain what had happened and showed signs of mental derangement.The railway staff informed about his return to the family members who later shifted him home. Around 11.45pm, he also talked to SK Shukla, national vice-president of the All India Guards Council (AIGC), who was in Jaulkheda to trace Ambagade.Sources close to his family said, Ambagade's mental depression was proved when around 4am, he suddenly started throwing household articles and blamed his seniors for work pressure and ills in the operating department.He was later admitted to a private hospital on Wardha Road where he is stated to be unconscious. Officials and railway doctors have reported Ambagade as sick.Denying any kind of work pressure or torture, PRO of Nagpur Central Railway PD Patil said, \"As of now there is no discussion regarding any action. Let Ambagade return on duty and then officials will decide the course of action,\" Patil said.Official sources said Ambagade's act implies to 'absconding on duty' and can invite issuance of heavy penalty charge sheet to him.Shukla alleged that due to shortage of hands, guards were under tremendous mental and physical stress. \"Of the 627 posts of guards in the Nagpur division, 152 are lying vacant,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12873866", "title": "Help others express themselves", "text": "MYSORE: If you are interested to build and excel your career in the field of speech and hearing science, here is your chance to pursue BSc in speech and hearing. The course is also known as Bachelor of audiology and speech-language pathology offered by All India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH).Aspirants in this four-year course will learn about normal aspects and disorders associated with hearing and speech-language in individuals of all age groups. The first three years of the course will have candidates getting trained, which includes theoretical and practical aspects, with focus on clinical teaching and learning.Students also get a hands-on experience in dealing with patients under the supervision of experienced staff. In the final year, students have to intern and will be exposed to clinical survey and diagnosis, they will also practice with various institutions, hospitals and rehabilitation centres. The course helps students to asses and treat adults who have trouble in expressing themselves as a result of stroke and with people who have difficulty in swallowing, using their voices and speaking fluently.Students will get to learn various topics related to subjects like pathology, audiology and some other subjects. AIISH director Dr SR Savithri said, \"There is a huge scope for this course across the nation as many posts, which include teaching and speech and hearing therapists in educational institutes, hospitals, and rehabilitation centres are vacant. Students after completion of course can practice in their own clinics and also can pursue post-graduation, if they are interested in the field of research.\" Aspirants who have passed PU II year are eligible for this course but will have to write an entrance exam conducted by AIISH, which is based on CBSE syllabus of Class XI and XII.Admissions will be based on marks obtained in entrance examination. For foreign candidates, the selection is made on the basis of merit in the qualifying examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12873174", "title": "Green activists seek collector's help to curb felling of trees", "text": "COIMBATORE: A day after more than 25 trees were felled by contractors assigned by highway authorities under the pretext of widening Marudamalai Road, representatives of different green movements in the city met with District Collector M Karunagaran seeking stringent action against those involved in indiscriminate felling. The activists informed the collector that the trees felled were not those identified for felling to facilitate the road-widening project.The collector pacified green activists and promised to introduce measures to protect the city's green cover. Instructions had already been given to file an FIR against the culprits, he said.\"Despite our protests, felling of trees continues unabated in the city. Contractors have felled the trees in clear violation of all applicable rules despite our intervention,'' said N I Jalaluddin, president of Nature Conservation Society, who led the green activists.\"We have requested the collector to take severe action against those who violated the law,\" he said. In the past, police did arrest one person under section 3 of Tamil Nadu Property (Property of damages and loss) Act of 1992 for cutting down trees without permission and arrests should be made in this case too so as to discourage felling,'' he added.\"We informed the collector about the failure of concerned officials in taking timely action against violators, who did not visit the spot to assess the damage,'' said R Mohammed Saleem, president of Environment Conservation Group. Even the Tahsildar and Revenue Divisional Officer failed to take action when they were informed, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "12874763", "title": "The village that wove clothes for Tipu Sultan, Indira", "text": "MANDYA: Kodiyala village about 12km from Mandya city is famed for its community of weavers who have clothed royalty including the Mysore family and Tipu Sultan. The legacy continues even today.History has it that about 160 families of the Padmashali community of weavers who migrated from Andhra Pradesh 300 years ago settled down in this village and started their profession. Soon their weaves caught the eye of the royal families around who placed orders for cloth, and thus began a long relationship between the community and the royals.Some elders of the community said that Tipu Sultan who ruled from Srirangapatna was very fond of cotton cloth manufactured in Kodiyala village. He is said to have helped the Padmashali community by giving concessions in royal taxes and importing raw material from abroad.Another proud memory for the weavers is of then prime minister Indira Gandhi who visited their weavers' colony and was impressed with their handlooms and saris. \"Leaders like Indira Gandhi former chief ministers Devaraj Urs and SM Krishna were seriously interested in our profession and village\" said 80 year-old Narayanappa a weaver. \"Impressed that 200 families of our village are running textile manufacturing units SM Krishna had ordered that an exclusive power line be drawn from Tubinakere power station for continuous power supply.\" This is perhaps the only weavers' colony in the state which is so privileged.Weavers say they are not facing any problem. The market for their products is spread over the entire nation andthereis always a good demand. Neither is there a shortage of raw material and labour. \"We are content with our profession. If the erstwhile kings hadn't supported our ancestors and our profession was not encouraged by the government we may not have been so successful,\" said Narayanappa. He claimed their material is of high quality. \"We produce rich colourful saris and dhotis, with eye-catching motifs. We have switched to powerlooms and use polycotton thread\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12874938", "title": "Mounted cop battalion in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: The state police will get its first mounted police battalion for its headquarters in Jamshedpur soon. Sources in the home department said a few years ago the police department had made attempts to raise a similar battalion.\"The government had sanctioned funds for purchasing the horses. But the department failed to get quality horses and the proposal was put on the back burner for more than three years,\" said sources, adding that the department has decided to revive the plan and purchase the best horses at the earliest.Police officials said a mounted battalion will be effective in controlling a crowd, especially in times of riots or cricket matches, where there's a large assembly of people.The mounted police serve both in remote and city areas. They are employed in crowd control because of their mobility and advantage of height. The high mount gives them better visibility during policing. The mounted police are also employed for specialized duties ranging from patrolling parks, jungle and difficult terrains where movement of vehicles is not possible.The battalion also has an ornamental value and can take part in parades during special occasions like Independence and Republic Day.Jharkhand is one of the few states in the country, which does not have a mounted police battalion. It's been more than a decade since the state was formed (November 2000) and Jharkhand still does not have its own mounted police.Jharkhand police spokesperson, IG, R K Mallik, said the mounted battalion will be of great use for a place like Jharkhand, where movement of security forces is challenging because of the terrain. \"The government has made provisions for raising a battalion and we will try to make this dream a reality as soon as possible,\" said Mallik.EOM| tnnRanchi: The state police will get its first mounted police battalion with its headquarters in Jamshedpur. Sources in home department said a few years back the police department had made attempts to raise a mounted battalion.\"The government had sanctioned fund for purchasing horses for the battalion. After making efforts, the department failed to get quality horses and the proposal was kept on the back burner for more than three years,\" said sources adding once again the department has decided to revive the plan and purchase the best horses at the earliest.Police officials said mounted battalion will be effective in crowd control especially at the time of riot or cricket match, in which a large number of people are involved.Mounted police serve both in remote areas and in cities. They are employed in crowd control because of their mobility and height advantage which gives them better visibility while policing at the time of riot. Mounted police are also employed for specialized duties ranging from patrolling parks, jungle and difficult terrains where movement of vehicles is not possible.The battalion also has ornamental value and adds to the show of the parade on special occasions like Independence and Republic Day.Jharkhand is one of the few states in the country that does not have a mounted police battalion. After the formation of state in November 2000, the state does not have its own mounted police battalion.Jharkhand police spokesperson IG RK Mallik said the mounted battalion will be of great use for a place like Jharkhand, where movement of security forces is difficult terrains is a challenge. \"The government has made provisions for raising the battalion and we will try to raise it as soon as possible,\" said Mallik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12873794", "title": "Pourakarmikas want to get rid of bio-metric attendance", "text": "MYSORE: Hundreds of pourakarmikas staged a protest in front of Mysore City Corporation here on Wednesday morning against the introduction of bio-metric attendance for them.They said their work starts at 6am daily. But as per MCC's direction, bio-metric attendance has to be put at 10.30am daily. Hence, it's difficult for individuals who are working at faraway places to come and register their attendance leaving their work behind.They alleged, \"Even though we don't get good facilities from MCC, we are working honestly. The bio-metric attendance will disturb pourakarmikas' work.\"They threatened to call off their work and stage an indefinite fast if MCC authorities don't respond to their demands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12875125", "title": "'Moody tots are future gamblers\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Parents please take note: Moody and restless toddlers are more likely than other tots to turn into impulsive gamblers in adulthood, a new study has claimed.Looking at the lives of over 900 New Zealanders, a team from the University of Missouri found that three-yearold kids with this so-called under-controlled personality were twice as likely as those with well-adjusted temperaments to be problem gamblers three decades later.The findings, appeared in journal Psychological Science, showed that these characteristics during preschool years are predictive of gambling problems in adulthood which can be controlled through early interventions, LiveScience reported.\"It fits into a larger story about how self-control in early childhood is related to important life outcomes in adulthood,\" said Wendy Slutske, who led the study. Slutske and her team examined data from a longitudinal study of a birth cohort in New Zealand. Scientists categorized 1,037 threeyear-olds as having one of five temperaments: confident, inhibited, reserved, under-controlled or well adjusted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874142", "title": "Sabotage whiff after log found on tracks", "text": "KOLKATA: Has a conspiracy been hatched to cause a major train derailment in the Sealdah division of Eastern Railway and blame it on the railways? On the evening of April 9, a local train bound for the Biman Bandar (airport) station survived a major scare after the motorman spotted a thick log on the tracks.A squall had lashed the city and the surroundings and a tree branch on the tracks would not have aroused any suspicion had the stretch where it was found not been an elevated one, higher than the treeline.\"It was just outside the Biman Bandar station where the viaduct is quite high. Fortunately, the motorman was proceeding at a slow speed and got sufficient time to apply the brakes after he spotted the log. We checked the site and were shocked to find that there were no trees taller than the viaduct. The log was too heavy to have been carried by the wind.This was a clear attempt of sabotage. Had the train been moving at top speed and struck the log, it may have got derailed,\" a source in the Sealdah division said.On the same day, logs were found on the tracks near the Garia station. These were also detected by motormen on time but there was some disruption in services while the 'obstructions' were being removed. \"Senior officers inspected the site once again. The logs were quite thick and the nearest trees were at a distance of 20-25 feet from the tracks. On closer inspection, we found that the trees closest to the tracks had no broken branches. The logs were clearly brought from somewhere else and placed on the tracks. There have been several such incidents in the last few months, forcing us to increase vigil along the tracks and asking motormen to be very careful,\" the source added.In the past, such incidents have taken place during bandhs. After storms, branches have broken off trees and damaged overhead wires. \"We are used to leaves and branches on the overhead equipment and keep tower wagons ready after every storm. Even on April 9, there were leaves on the overhead wires that we removed. What concerned us were the logs on the tracks,\" another source said.The matter was brought to the notice of senior officials in the Eastern Railway headquarters. Those in charge of security got in touch with the state police and reported the incidents.Sources in the state police said that efforts are on to find out if there was a conspiracy to cause a derailment and give the railways a bad name. What is of concern is that such attempts could have cost innocent commuters their lives or they could have sustained serious injuries. may suffer loss of life or limb due to such attempts.\"We are aware of the situation and have taken necessary steps. The Railway Protection Force (RPF) has been asked to maintain greater vigil and thwart any sabotage attempt,\" said Samir Goswami, CPRO, Eastern Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874867", "title": "Cash worth Rs 19 lakh stolen from car", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Cash worth Rs 19 lakh was stolen from the car of a construction company owner at Mithakhali on Wednesday afternoon. The owner, 46-year-old Ghanshyam Sarandas, a resident of Thaltej, lodged a complaint at Navrangpura police station.According to the police complaint, the theft took place when he was returning from an angadia firm at Chinubhai Centre on Ashram Road. He had gone there to collect Rs 20 lakh that had been sent in connection with a business transaction. After collecting the money, Sarandas sent Rs 50,000 (from Rs 20 lakh) to his friend in Surat for another transaction and took the remaining amount with him.As he crossed Mithakhali underpass, a motorcyclist suddenly came and hit his car. Sarandas told police that he could not see the motorcyclist's face as he was wearing a helmet with a coloured visor. The biker also never alighted from his vehicle. However, an aged person riding pillion with him fell on the road and started shouting for help. Sarandas stopped his car and rushed to help the aged man. He helped the man get up, after which the duo left on the bike. But when Sarandas returned to his car, the bag containing the cash was missing.Police officials believe that this is the handiwork of a gang that was following Sarandas since the time he left the angadia office. \"An insider link is also not ruled out,\" said Navrangpura police.\"The incident at Mithakhali was stage-managed. We believe a second team of thieves was following Sarandas. The moment he stepped out of his car to attend to the old man, this team must have lifted the cash bag and zoomed off,\" said police officials.A complaint against unknown persons was registered at Navrangpura police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873241", "title": "Woman inmate\u2019s cell changed, superintendent tells court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The superintendent of Tihar Jail told a trial court that a woman inmate who had accused jail staff of torturing her with the help of HIV positive inmates for extorting money has been shifted to another cell.Appearing before chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav, superintendent of jail number 6 (which houses women prisoners) and the law officer (prisons) assured the judge of the safety of Honey Sharma who had complained of having been attacked by some HIV positive inmates allegedly at the behest of the head warden and warden.\"I have shifted her from jail number 6 to jail number 3 and directed the staff to take care of her and her two-year-old daughter,\" P L Vinayak, superintendent of jail number 6, told the court.Vinayak, who along with law officer (prisons) Sunil Gupta, appeared in the court following its summons and told the judge that an inquiry conducted on the complaint of Sharma, who is facing trial in 11 cases of cheating and forgery, revealed that the incident was a minor scuffle between the inmates over some eatables, which had taken an ugly turn.In her plea, Sharma had complained she was being tortured by the deputy superintendent of jail number 6 with the help of HIV positive inmates and expressed the apprehension that she might contract AIDS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874931", "title": "Forged call letter for police recruitment", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The police recruitment board officials have filed a complaint at Shahibaugh police station against Anil Parmar, a resident of Savjiwada Village in Talod Taluka.According to officials, Anil had forged a call letter for recruitment of police sub-inspector. Shahibaugh police said that according to Anil, he was not able to fill up the application form online and had asked for the assistance from his friend Dashrath.Anil told the police that Dashrath forgot to apply on his behalf. Later, when every one in the village began receiving call letters, Anil inquired from Dashrath as to why he was not getting the call letter.Instead of telling the truth to Anil, Dashrath took the call letter of one Deepak Sharma and forged it for Anil. On Tuesday, when Anil reached Ahmedabad for the physical test, he was caught as the unique identification on his call letter was that of Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873484", "title": "Koyna belly burst for more power", "text": "MUMBAI: Seismically sensitive Koyna dam reservoir yet again experienced tremors at 11 am on Wednesday, but this time for a good reason. The aftershocks of an artificial blast carried out by a team of engineers under the reservoir will help over 1.6 crore power consumers of the state government, including 25 lakh in Mumbai region, get three times cheaper and uninterrupted power of 1,000 MW this summer.The controlled blast supervised by experts from the US, Norway and Denmark successfully created a hole at the reservoir's bottom to open an additional source of water to generate more hydropower. It will also help cater to more water demand for agriculture in and around Krishna river basin in south-western Maharashtra.The lake-tapping was witnessed by, among others, CM Prithviraj chavan, deputy CM Ajit Pawar and state water resources minister Sunil Tatkare. A dozen public representatives from Satara, Pune and western Maharashtra districts also attended. \"Tremors are not new for us but this time it will boost agriculture and power generation in Krishna valley,\" said Koyna resident Rakesh More. A similar lake-tapping was held in 1999.State presently faces a shortage of around 1800 Mw and load-shedding varies from two hours to 10 hours in semi-urban and rural parts.According to Chief Engineer of water resources Deepak Modak depleted water levels in the dam during four months of summer would affect the generation of around 1000 MW every year resulting in load-shedding. \"This would eventually also lead to a high billing for consumers as the state under such circumstances used to buy 1000 MW costly power from outside. The event will thus mark an end to this bad phase in Koyna's history,\" said a senior state power ministry official. \"Assured generation of 1000 MW power during summer means avoiding buying of costly power from outside the state and thus adding cheaper power to the state utility's supply. Another quantum of 25 thousand metric cube of water allowed to be used now will also help generate another chunk of 1000 MW to state's capacity thus helping consumers control hike in their power bills amid rising fuel (coal and oil) costs,\" said sources.\"Hydro power costs one rupee per unit against average Rs 5 to 6 of thermal power thus this additional quantity of generation will help reduce the monthly billing of consumers and load-shedding,\" confirmed Modak. According to executive engineer R R Shukla this being a green power would help earn carbon credit. According to Pawar and Chavan the state's team of engineers had been relentlessly working on the Rs 1700 crore project since past 10 years to create an artificial water tunnel below the reservoir so as to draw maximum water from its lowest ever depth. The work finally reached fruition on Wednesday after the blast channelised water into the tunnel and subsequently towards hydropower turbines. Chavan said state was exploring possibilities to commission such hydro power projects to achieve renewable energy targets. Pawar said state had already removed power cuts from areas where the power bill recovery is very high and will not spare areas which are registering high power loss due to power thefts and distribution losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12874894", "title": "HSBC axes 200 employees from Hyderabad offices, 350 in Pune", "text": "HYDERABAD: Over the last two days, HSBC India has undertaken a massive layoff exercise showing the door to as many as 200 employees ranging from assistant manager to vice presidents from its centres in Hyderabad alone.The axe has fallen on over 350 employees at HSBC's Pune centres. It is estimated that a total of 750 employees have been asked to leave across locations and designations. So from assistant managers to vice presidents have been summoned to the meeting room in the last two days, asked to choose between termination or resignation, pack their bags and leave. Every couple of hours, employees were escorted out of the building by guards after quick meetings with the human resource department.No time was given to bid goodbyes to friends and colleagues. They were later packed off in cabs after their access cards were taken. A manager who was asked to leave said, \"I was asked to log off from my computer and leave in ten minutes. Even those who have done well were asked to leave.\"An \"adequate\" compensation (one month's salary for each year spent in the company plus three months salary) has been part of the layoff deal. While the new entrants into the international bank are crying hoarse, the senior ones are taking solace in the cash with some having made Rs 8-15 lakh.Sources said that most lower level employees heaved a sigh of relief as they were spared while many from the middle and high level management were given the boot. However, the last two days saw the bank taking precautionary measures including closing its balconies to possibly avert any aggressive reactions to the layoff.Vijay Kumar (name changed), a manager in HSBC India, was enjoying his morning coffee in the cafeteria when within minutes he saw himself signing his resignation letter stating that he was leaving the organisation on personal grounds. Employees have been sacked from the two HSBC global service centres and its invest direct and commercial banking and software development departments in Hyderabad.Even the bank's corporate communications team was trimmed from five employees to just one. The company refused to divulge numbers.Sources said that restructuring of the company was in the offing since mid-2011 and that employees have been on tenterhooks ever since. Videos had been posted on the intranet to create awareness that some could lose their jobs soon.\"Project Nemo, a de-layering exercise was initiated at a global level to remove people across levels because of which assistant managers, managers, vice-presidents and even presidents who had put in years of loyal service were asked to leave. Around 10% of staff has been laid off,\" claimed a source.Sources said that the project was started to improve organizational efficiency and cost cutting. Further, a target saving of $1 billion was sought and the corporation was aiming at spending between 48 cents and 52 cents against the current 61 cents for earning a dollar.Rajesh Joshi, HSBC spokesperson, declined to comment on the sackings but said that India is a key market and that HSBC would continue to invest here.\"The HSBC Group is going through a global programme that is aimed at improving efficiency, increasing our revenue capability and ensuring our long-term, sustainable growth. HSBC India, as part of the group, will also be implementing this global programme.\"We are not going to comment on rumours and speculation about our people,\" he said, adding if the staff are impacted, HSBC would make every effort to support them through redeployment, counselling, in-placement and out-placement services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874116", "title": "'Yellow' means 'red' for Metro drivers, thanks to suicides", "text": "KOLKATA: Automatic signals have been introduced in the Kolkata Metro but for the time being, 'yellow' means 'red' for the motormen, thanks to the large number of suicides and the teething trouble the new system is facing. Motormen have been instructed not to start from stations if the 'starter' or departure signal at the end of the platform is 'yellow'. They will have to get in touch with the control room and check whether the last train that passed has reached the next station. Only if the control room confirms this will the motorman start from the station.This is a system that is unique to the Metro Railway. In other networks , where automatic signals have been introduced, trains are allowed to proceed with caution even if the signal is red. Loco pilots wait for a couple of minutes at a red signal and start moving slowly, keeping a watch for trains in front. If he spots a train on the same track, he stops behind it at a safe distance.\"We have changed the rules slightly for the underground section of the Metro as tunnels are involved. A yellow starter signal means that the next signal is red. We don't want any train to stop inside the tunnel. This decision has been taken keeping commuter safety and comfort in mind. The Metro is plagued by suicides and trains sometimes get stranded at stations. If this happens, the home signal at that station will remain red and the signal before that - which in all probability will be the departure signal of the previous station - will be yellow. If a train starts from the previous station, it will have to stop inside the tunnel before the home signal,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway.According to sources, the decision has been taken as the new signaling system is yet to stabilize and there have been frequent glitches in the last few days. \"Under normal circumstances, trains should not get delayed due to this precautionary measure. If the signals are working perfectly, the motormen get sufficient time during a scheduled stop at a station to get in touch with the control and seek permission to proceed even if the departure signal is yellow. Once the new signaling system stabilizes, we may do away with the restrictions,\" the source said.The motormen and other employees are not happy with the restrictions though. According to them, trains are getting delayed due to this. According to them, the Metro rakes should have safety devices if the frequency is made five minutes.\"This is not the first time that automatic signaling has been introduced in the Metro. In 2004, the Continuous Automatic Train Control (CATC) system was installed at a cost of nearly Rs 73 crore. This system had the necessary safety measures that were better than the Train Protection and Warning System (TPWS) that the Metro is now proposing to implement. Without adequate safety measures, it is extremely risky to run Metro trains in the underground stretch with automatic signals. The officials know this very well and have imposed the restrictions. It is still not clear though why the CATC was not fully implemented and Metro reverted back to the absolute block system. Due to the restrictions, trains are getting bunched in the network. The motormen are getting overburdened due to this. As it is, there aren't sufficient numbers of motormen,\" said Dilip Mukherjee, president, Metro Railwaymen's Union.Ghosh claimed that it was the RDSO that scrapped the CATC as it was not considered fit for the Metro. \"Now, we are going in the TPWS and rakes are being fitted with the system. On Wednesday, Railway Board additional member (signaling) M Suresh inspected the entire network and the new system,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12874704", "title": "Got an idea? Share it with traffic cops", "text": "CHENNAI: The city traffic police seem to be changing. The men and women in white and khaki, usually known to ask a violator, \"where are you working?\" or, \"do you want to go to court and pay a fine of 1,000 or pay here itself?\" are now getting people involved in issues of road safety and other important matters.In fact, the suggestion for the route diversions in Anna Nagar for the metro rail work came from a resident. \"For once, they are actually listening to us. Instead of just looking for bribes or booking cases, they are looking for suggestions,\" says M C Sriram, whose suggestions were considered in Anna Nagar.Experts and city planners may not agree but additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora says ideas from locals usually work. The traffc police's Facebook page is regularly updated on breakdowns and blatant violations are immediately looked into. With over 26,000 people 'liking' the page, it has created some impact.On the flip side, the introduction of e-challans may have led to the number of cases of traffic violations increasing substantially, but commuters say most of the other things remain the same. \"They continue to demand a high amount which is not reflected in the e-challan that they issue,\" says M V Sridhar, who has been riding his bike for more than 25 years on the city roads.Last year, at the height of the nationwide anti-corruption crusade led by social reformer Anna Hazare, the traffic police in the city were at the butt of all allegations of corruption and bribery. Top traffic police officials, while trying hard to justify corruption, say that their department is most visible to the public and therefore the perception of bribery is much higher. \"At the end of the day, we need a strong internal vigilance,\" says Arora.Police say the onus is now on the commuters. Arora says that usually police are the first to be blamed for their various shortcomings. \"Our men and women are from the same society as everyone else. The flaws in society are also the flaws in our men and women. We have the same perceptions, same biases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12875340", "title": "Bo's wife 'confesses' she poisoned British businessman", "text": "BEIJING: Bo Xilai's wife, Gu Kailai has confessed to the police that she was present in the hotel room when British businessman Neil Heywood was poisoned.\"I did it,\" The Telegraph quoted Gu, as admitting to the Chongqing police and confessed that she was responsible for the murder.Wang Lijun, the former chief of police in Chongqing, who fled the town fearing for his life, gave his account of her alleged confession to diplomats at the US consulate in the nearby city of Chengdu in February. According to The Telegraph, Wang revealed that Heywood, a fixer with decades of experience in China and a family friend of Bo and his wife, was held down in a hotel room in Chongqing and forced to drink cyanide.\"Gu said 'I did it' three times to Wang,\" a diplomatic source with knowledge of Wang's account was reported , as saying. \"It was a gruesome scene, Heywood spat the cyanide out and they had to give him more,\" he added.Reports claim that Heywood , Gu and her son, Bo Guagua, are said to have had a close relationship until it ended following a quarrel over an \"economic\" matter, which was finally followed by Heywood's murder.His relationship with the Bo family stretched back for over a decade. At the time of his death, Heywood was thought to be raising money for an \u00a380 million shopping centre dedicated to British luxury goods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12877868", "title": "SSLC exam results declared", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The SSLC exam results announced by Education Minister P.K. Abdu Rabb here on Thursday has set an all-time record win of 93.64 % which is 2.29 % higher than the previous year. In all, 4, 69,919 students appeared for the examination this year and among them 6995 students secured `A plus' grade for all subjects.This all-time record win is without any moderation and since 2005 no moderation has been granted. In all, 711 schools registered 100 % pass in the state this year as against 577 schools last year. Kannur revenue district recorded the highest pass percentage of 96.93 while Palakkad revenue district has the lowest pass percentage of 86.91. In terms of education district, Kanjangad recorded the highest pass percentage of 98.52 and Palakkad education district the lowest pass percentage of 85.04. The maximum number of candidates who secured A+ grade is in Kozhikode revenue district with 922 students and Kannur education district with 452 students.The maximum number of candidates appeared for SSLC exam from Malappuram revenue district with 73,867 and Thirur education district with 35,757 candidates. Regarding the maximum number of students who appeared from an exam centre it was 1,476 students at Pattom St Mary's Higher Secondary School and the least number of five students at GHSS Vanchiyoor, both in the city.Of the 711 schools that secured cent percent pass in the state, 248 are aided schools, 253 unaided schools and 210 government schools. The Certificates will reach the Education Department Offices in each district by May 15, for distribution to the candidates.Regular school going candidates who had failed to secure even D plus grade In SSLC exam can appear for the SAY (Save a Year) Supplementary Examination from May 14 to 18. The candidates who could not appear in two subject papers at the exam or due to some ailment or health problem or death of immediate family members (father, mother or siblings) of the candidate are also eligible to appear for the SAY Exam. The candidates planning to appear for SAY exam need to submit the application with fees and a computer printout in proof of the grade to the concerned School Headmaster by May 3 before 4 p.m.Further details and results can be had from websites www.results.itschool.gov.in, www.keralaresults.nic.in, www.kerala.gov.in, www.examresults.kerala.gov.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12873412", "title": "Indian Red Cross Society training for disaster management in Belgaum", "text": "BELGAUM: Indian Red Cross Society, (IRCS), Belgaum brach, and Karnataka State Disaster Management Authority will jointly organize a district disaster response team training on April 28 and 29 at the District Training Centre here.The aim of the programme is to make available trained human resource during disasters across the state. IRCS is engaged in establishing a panel of volunteers at the district levels, who will spring into action when disaster strikes. They take relief works in collaboration with government and non-government organizations.IRSC chairman S B Kulkarni said that deputy commissioner Anbukumar will inaugurate the programme and ZP CEO Ajay Nagabhushan and SP Sandeep Patil will be the guests. V L S Kumar, member, national disaster response team, New Delhi, will deliver the key note address.During the training, various topics related to disasters like flood, earthquake, fire, first aid, public health, water sanitation, emergency assessment, relief management, psycho social aspects and environmental climate change will be covered along with mock drill, group discussion and simulation exercises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12874961", "title": "More coaches from Tatanagar to cope with summer rush", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Ahead of summer vacations beginning next month, the Tatanagar railway has made arrangements to check commuter rush on long-distance express and passenger trains originating from here.Local rail authorities, who are being pressured for additional coaches on long-distance trains in view of the long waiting list of passengers, have assured that by mid-May additional coaches will be available.The authorities said because of limited space in the Tatanagar washing line, the South Eastern Railway (SER) is reluctant to provide additional bogies. \"Now, with the third washing line likely to be inaugurated sometime in May, the washing capacity of coaches will increase at Tatanagar and the Garden Reach headquarters in Kolkata. The SER may then agree to release additional coaches,\" said Tatanagar railway station manager, Ravi Chaudhary.He said with the introduction of the proposed third washing line, over 45 coaches can be washed at a time. He also said additional coaches to the Tatanagar-Chapra Express train has been attached recently to handle passenger rush.The Tatanagar-Yesvantpur Superfast Express, Tatanagar- Allappuzha (Alleppy) Express, Tatanagar-Jallianwalabagh Express, South Bihar Express and Tatanagar-Danapur Express are among the trains in which rush of commuters is a common feature during vacations.\"The officials concerned will decide after evaluating the requirements of the route, following the commencement of the washing line,\" said an official in the area railway manager's office.Two summer special trains are currently running from Tatanagar. The Shalimar (Howrah) Durg Express (08201) and Santragachi (Kolkata) Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (Mumbai) Express (08060), crossing Tatanagar weekly, have been introduced from this month.\"Hopefully, the officials will keep their word and provide relief to the commuters during the vacations beginning early next Month,\" said a functionary of the Chhotanagpur Passengers' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12868494", "title": "Trisha\u2019s next with Ravi Teja", "text": "Looks like Trisha is gearing up for her next flick in Tollywood. The Vinnaithandi Varuvaaya actress is said to have been finalised as the leading lady in Ravi Teja's next film.A source close to the actress says, \"Trisha had a detailed discussion with the director and she loved the script and her character in particular. She is currently working on the finer details before she gives her nod to the makers.\" Apparently, the film is titled Saar Vastaru and Parasuram of Solo fame is the director. Ravi Teja and Trisha have previously acted together in VV Vinayak's Krishna which was a blockbuster. This film will see the hit pair unite after a gap of four years.When we contacted Trisha, she said that she has been approached for the film, but nothing has been finalised yet. Coincidentally, there's also a second heroine in the film, for which Amala Paul seems to be the frontrunner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12874005", "title": "MoD under fire for unutilized funds, quality of expenditure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Much is being said about procurement in defence services and how delayed purchases have affected the military might of the Indian forces.An analysis of the Union government accounts reveal that between 2009 and 2011, the Army's savings meant for equipment purchase were between Rs 900 crore and Rs 2,000 crore in each year. For the Navy, the savings or unutilized funds for capital expenditure were between Rs 140 crore and Rs 400 crore each year, and for the Air Force the savings were up to Rs 2,000 crore in each year.Besides its failure to spend the allocated funds meant for defence equipment, the ministry of defence (MoD) has also come under attack from the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), which has reviewed the Union government accounts for 2010-11, for not spending the sum judiciously.Raising doubts on the quality of spending, the review points out how about 32% of the expenditure of Rs 62,000 crore on defence purchases in 2011 was made only in March, the last month of the fiscal year. As per procedures, the expenditure has to be spread across the fiscal year with a cap on the last quarter spending at 33%.The CAG observed that the persisting trends of large savings are indicative of an over estimation of requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12874306", "title": "Chief minister again asks for full capacity from Kudankulam unit", "text": "CHENNAI: Amidst growing power demand this summer, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Wednesday wrote yet another letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , reiterating her earlier appeal that the entire 1,000 MW generated from the first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KNPP) be allotted to the state. The first phase of KNPP is likely to generate power within 40 days.The letter reflects the state's urgency in the face of power shortage and Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant 's resolve to exert sustained pressure on the Centre in the run-up to the plant's commissioning .Jayalalithaa reminded the Prime Minister that she was yet to receive a reply to an earlier letter sent to him on March 31, raising the same demand. She said, \"Now I understand that nuclear fuel loading is going to take place in the next few days in the first unit of the plant of 1,000 MW capacity. It is expected that criticality will be reached in the following 20 days or so.\"TN's concern is that demand may shoot up by 500MW from the present 12,000MW in coming months and result in more outages. With use of air-conditioners in homes likely to rise, consumption will increase, said sources. They expect peak hour demand to touch 12,500 MW in May and June.The state has been facing a power shortage of 4,000 MW for close to two years. While Chennai city is subjected to two hour power cut daily, the rest of the state goes through a four-hour cut officially and eight hours unofficially. Apart from these, there are also industrial power holidays, once a week. The present generation of 8,000 MW is just about enough to meet the non-peak hour demand. During the peak hours, the demand rises to 12,000 MW and the state is not able to supply it. Though the state has an installed capacity of 7,000 MW wind mills, they are virtually shut down as the wind velocity will pick up only by May end.Tamil Nadu's demand from the Kudankulam plant is more than double of what it is entitled to. As per the existing power sharing formula for KNPP, of the total 2,000 MW power to be generated by the two reactors, Tamil Nadu's share is only 925 MW. But Jayalalithaa, after cracking down on protests against the Kudankulam project, has been demanding that the entire 2,000 MW from both the units be allotted to the state. Her justification is that all major power projects being implemented by Central agencies like BHEL, NLC and NTPC in Tamil Nadu are running behind schedule and the state is unable to even offset this deficit by purchasing power from other states because the transmission corridor is choked. Hence, the state has not been able to buy even the contracted power, running to 1,750 MW, from other states like Gujarat and Uttar Pradesh.The tone and tenor of her brief one-page letter on Wednesday was unusually amiable, and in stark contrast to her earlier strong attacks against the Centre. In a letter sent to Singh on March 9, the CM, while pointing to the choked transmission corridors and the centre's alleged inability to do anything about it, had said, \"This inaction and non-responsiveness to our repeated requests during this unprecedented power crisis only shows callousness and indifference on the part of the Centre.\"The state is also cut up with the Centre for giving it a step motherly treatment and denying financial assistance in promoting renewable energy projects. Out of the 200 MW Jawaharlal Nehru National Solar Mission programme announced by the Centre last year, Tamil Nadu was allotted a meager share of 7 MW. Despite the Centre pushing the target to 1,000 MW across the country this year, Tamil Nadu's share is only 22 MW. Given the huge potential for tapping solar energy in the state and Tamil Nadu's plans to generate 3,000 MW solar power by 2015-16, these allocations are insignificant, the state government has pointed out.Meanwhile, Consul General of the Russian Federation in South India, Nikolay A Listopadov told reporters at a function in Chennai on Wednesday that Russian and Indian scientists were doing their best to commission the first unit of KNPP at the earliest. Vouching for the safety of Kudankulam plant, he said, a similar VVER type nuclear power plant was inaugurated recently by Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin near Moscow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12874605", "title": "Unscientific piling led to damage of road", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Mining sand from the Meenachil River and unscientific piling are the main reasons why the road caved in at Arupuzha in Thazhathangady. This was confirmed by Dr Arvee Sujil Johnson, associate professor, department of civil engineering, College of Engineering, Thiruvananthapuram (CET) on Wednesday.Dr Johnson, who completed the soil examination, will submit his report to Kottayam's PWD executive engineer on Thursday. A copy of the reported will be given to the district collector. This road was closed after it developed a 650m-long crack on April 8, 2012.\"The piling work on the side wall was not done properly on this stretch. Soft clay, which has no strength, was found at a depth of 32m in some places. Piling should begin from a depth of 34.5 m to 29 m, depending on the area. The incident happened in the region where the river curves. Here, it is natural for sub-soil to shift laterally towards the river due to constant water pressure,\" Dr Johnson said.\"Sand mining makes things worse as there is no sand in the middle of the river. As a result, the river bank has no support. This is another reason for this incident,\" he said. He also said that construction methods followed in Kuttanad are not suitable and a new reconstruction method will be prepared by CET in a couple of days.\"It will be better if a similar test is carried out at the foundation of the new walkway over the Meenachil River, which is situated just 200 km from this site,\" he said. The commissioning of the walkway, which was scheduled for Vishu, has been postponed indefinitely following the incident at Thazhathangady.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12877802", "title": "In 'Tezz' Mallika's item song will stay: Ratan Jain", "text": "In the ongoing tug-of-war between director Priyadarshan and producer Ratan Jain over the item number by Mallika Sherawat in Tezz, it was only a question of who blinked first.And from the looks of it, Priyan is the one to have relented.Angry over the song having been shot and incorporated sans his permission or presence and also because he had always rooted for Sameera Reddy as the it girl, Priyan called for a meeting with Jain on Monday to weed out what he perceived as a misfit and unnecessary inclusion in Tezz.While it isn't clear as to what exactly transpired at the meeting, a source close to the project told Mirror, \"Priyan was so upset with Jain for sidelining his decision and shooting the song that he abandoned the film, leaving the dubbing, editing and background score to the producer. He went to Wai to shoot Kamal Dhamal Weekly and almost completed it before time. As such, the whole post-production of Tezz was completed by Venus films which took a lot of effort and additional costs.\"The source said in the circumstances, Jain was left with no choice but to include what was initially only a promotional number in the film at the last stage.Meanwhile, Jain, who had earlier said that as a producer and a businessman, he understood what sells, this time around maintained that, \"The song was shot with Priyan's approval. I went to Wai to meet him, and he had no objection to it. He was present during the post production too. I am on very good terms with him and he is now promoting the film in different cities.\"Having established there was absolutely no difference of opinion over the item number and that he had Priyan's full cooperation, Jain made it very clear that the Mallika Sherawat Laila song is there in the film for sure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12877193", "title": "Yousuf Raza Gilani convicted in contempt case, spared jail term", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's Supreme Court on Thursday convicted Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani for contempt of court for refusing to revive graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari and sentenced him to a symbolic \"till the rising of the court\", sparing him a jail term.During proceedings in courtroom number 4 that lasted less than 10 minutes, the seven-judge bench headed by Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk announced the verdict and said Gilani's sentence would last \"till the rising of the court\" or till the completion of the hearing.The judges left the court immediately after announcing the verdict, effectively ending 56-year-old Gilani's sentence.However, legal experts were divided on whether Gilani's conviction would lead to his disqualification. They said the court's detailed order would provide clarity in this regard.Emerging from the court, Gilani told the media: \"We had sought justice. The decision was not appropriate\".The maximum sentence that could have been given to Gilani in this case was six months.The premier then walked towards the building flanked by his son Abdul Qadeer Gilani and interior minister Rehman Malik as his supporters showered rose petals on him.He stopped at the door of the building and waved to his supporters before going inside. The proceedings in the packed courtroom began at around 9.30am.After the judges entered the room, Gilani walked and stood at the rostrum with law minister Farooq Naek and his lawyer Aitzaz Ahsan.The government put in place strict security arrangements for Gilani's third appearance in the Supreme Court in the contempt case.Helicopters mounted aerial surveillance were also put in place while over 2,000 security personnel were deployed in the \"Red Zone\" where the apex court and parliament is located.The Supreme Court has been pushing the government to reopen cases of money laundering against President Zardari in Switzerland since December 2009, when it struck down a graft amnesty (National Reconciliation Ordinance) issued by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf.The government has refused to act, saying the President enjoys immunity in Pakistan and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12875566", "title": "Doctors pulled up for laxity in work", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of district health department were in a tizzy during the visit of joint director, Health and Family Welfare, Nishi Mishra at various government health centres and district hospitals, on Wednesday. Mishra took to task those doctors and in charges found lax in their work.Importantly, this was the second consecutive day of a surprise visit undertaken by the health official. In the last two days, the official has visited various district heath centres, including Ursula Horsman Hospital, Kamplapat Memorial Hospital and AHM-Dufferin Hospital. Mishra also made a surprise visit to various CHCs and PHCs located in the region.During her visit to UHM Hospital, Mishra took a keen interest in the list of OPDs running in the hospital. She also talked to the patients and asked about their satisfaction with the treatment process. Mishra expressed her displeasure over poor cleanliness and hygiene arrangements in the hospital wards.During her visit to AHM-Dufferin Hospital, Mishra found various irregularities in the functioning of the OPDs and the drugstore as well. A patient also complained about unavailability of Paracetamol in the drugstore, which was, reportedly, present in sufficient quantity but was not being provided to the patients.Later, Mishra visited the CHC at Kalyanpur, where a lady doctor was not present on duty. Mishra asked the chief medical officer (CMO) to take proper action in the case. Also, a patient at Kanshiram Sanyukt Chikitsalaya and Trauma Centre complained about lack of X-ray machines in the hospital due to which he had to make various visits to the hospital. The hospital staff was asked to arrange for the same at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12874780", "title": "RBI norms won't hit loan growth, says Muthoot", "text": "KOCHI: Faced with tighter regulations put in place by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in recent weeks, gold loan financing company Muthoot Finance Ltd has said that it's loan book will not be affected by the new regulations.The RBI had recently directed banks to reduce their lending exposure to gold loan companies to 7.50% of their net owned funds from the earlier 10%.However, Muthoot Finance MD George Alexander Muthoot said that the move would not affect the company's loan book.\"It's not that all the banks have been lending to us at 10% of their net worth. Most of them have not breached 7.50%. We have about 30 banks extending credit to us currently. Since we are constantly interfacing with new banks, we do not expect any shrinkage in our loan book in the coming fiscal,\" Muthoot said.Last month, RBI fixed the loan-to-value (LTV) ratio for pledged gold at 60% from 65-75% earlier fearing that higher LTVs would lead to prices crashing in the gold market.Discounting any negative fallout from this move on the company's loan book, Muthoot said that the company has decided to go slow on opening new branches and asset growth in 2012-2013. \"We had opened 900 branches last year, while this year, we will open only 250-300 new branches. As for asset growth, we will look at more comfortable levels of 15-25% this year, from 50% last year,\" Muthoot said.The Kochi-based company is hastening the move to diversify its funding sources, a process it began in right earnest last year through the issue of Non-Convertible Debentures (NCDs) at higher interest rates.For its latest NCD issue to raise Rs 250 crore which closed on April 9, Muthoot Finance mopped up subscriptions of Rs 270 crore. \"We will look at issuing our next NCD in the next three months,\" Muthoot said.The company will also look at raising funds by issuing commercial paper with mutual funds as market conditions have become more congenial, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875003", "title": "Demolition squad clears Dhantoli roads", "text": "NAGPUR: The demolition squad of NMC on Wednesday cleared the encroachment along roads in Dhantoli, considered as one of the most congested areas of the city. The encroachments on the patch from Panchsheel square to Mehadia square and also on Mehadia road, Abhyankar road and Humpyard road by shop owners had created problems for vehicular movement while vendors had occupied not only the pavements but also corners of all intersectons.Deputy engineer (encroachment) Dilip Jamgade arrived at Dhantoli with police in the afternoon to clear the encroachments. The shop owners and roadside owners appealed to him to give them time to shift their belongings. More than 60 shops had encroached upon the road area and their structures were partially demolished with in the afternoon. Actions were also initiated against private hospitals and hotels in Dhantoli area.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare were also present.Meanwhile, NMC's mop-up squad is dealing with the encroachers who keep coming back in many parts of the city. The mop-up squad and a special squad of NMC's traffic department Nasir Khan carried out patrolling on Sitabuldi main road, Central Avenue, Cotton Market road. At many places, the squad spotted vendors were back in the markets.Similarly, NMC's traffic department has also painted yellow markings on either side of the roads in Sitabuldi area. At these places, two-wheelers will be allowed to be parked, said an official from traffic department. In the evening, Jaiswal held a meeting of assistant municipal commissioners and deputy engineers of all 10 zones to review the anti-encroachment drive. Besides directing zonal in-charges to ensure encroachment-free environment, Jaiswal also informed them to demarcate parking zones in all commercial areas. \"Seal the shops that brazenly encroach upon public areas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12873497", "title": "Line blocking to affect train services", "text": "HUBLI: In connection with line blocking for commissioning of Mugad-Kambarganvi doubling, SWR has permitted to take up pre non-interlocking working for two days on April 26 and 27 at Mugad station and mega line block of four hours from 11-50 hrs to 15-50 hrs at Kambarganvi station on April 28.As a result of line blocking, train number 17003 Hyderabad-CSMT (Kolhapur) express will be detained in Dharwad for 45 minutes and train number 16209 Ajmer-Mysore Bi-weekly express at Alnavar for 30 minutes on April 28.Train number.51420 Hubli-Miraj passenger and train number.51419 Miraj-Hubli passenger will be partially cancelled between Alnavar and Hubli stations on April 28.Train number 51419 Miraj-Hubli passenger which arrives at Alnavar at 13-00 hrs on April 28 will be detained at Alnavar and will run back as train number.51420 Hubli-Miraj passenger from Alnavar station on April 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ranasthalam (srikakulam)", "code": "12873958", "title": "Industries precipitate drinking water crisis in Srikakulam", "text": "RANASTHALAM (SRIKAKULAM): Illegal exploitation of ground water by industrial units and pharma majors in Ranasthalam mandal has left nearly 80,000 people in trouble. Though the authorities have banned industrial units from using borewells in 11 villages of the mandal following a drastic fall in the water table, water consumption by industries goes on unabated leaving very little for residents to meet their drinking water needs.People are worried as the authorities are giving permission for more industries to come up at Pydibhimavaram industrial belt in the mandal which, they believe, would shrink the water table further. According to villagers, the rain-fed mandal cannot afford to allot excess water to the industries. Ground water department officials said that utilisation of water has crossed more than 110% in the last one decade. As of now, 8 million litres per day (MLD) is supplied to the industries.Saraka Laboratories has three exclusive borewells, Aurobindo Pharma has seven borewells and one infiltration well, Andhra Organics has seven, Dr Reddy's Labs has nine and UB Group has five borewells. Aurobindo Pharma, Dr Reddy's Labs and UB Group draw 2 MLD each while Andhra Organics pumps 1 MLD. Sources said the authorities gave permission to the new industries to draw 1.5 MLD more. Vivi Med Labs, which is setting up its unit, is all set to dig 13 borewells.The daily consumption by industries in and around Pydibhimavaram would soon touch 10.5 MLD, which would be sufficient for one-third population of greater Visakhapatnam, sources said.The mandal has more than 3,000 irrigation borewells and 600 drinking water borewells, most of which are dysfunctional now. The ground water department has already warned the revenue authorities against rampant drawing of water in Laveru and Ranasthalam mandals.People are hopeful of getting water from Thotapalli barrage in the near future. A canal was dug up to take water to these villages five years ago but works are yet to be completed. Ranasthalam tehsildar J Bhanoji Rao told TOI that they would soon take action against illegal drawing of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12874722", "title": "Celebrity cricket considers Malaysia Saif bet", "text": "KOCHI: The diaspora in Malaysia will be treated to three days of unadulterated entertainment as an all-star cast that boasts of Mohanlal, Saif Ali Khan , Bobby Deol and Tamil hero Vikram, among others, will square off against each other in a series of super-six matches.Celebrity Cricket League (CCL) is set to go international as actors from Bollywood and its counterparts in regional cinema will take time off from under the klieg lights to shoot the breeze at extra cover. The meeting of the franchisees and governing body of CCL to be held on Saturday will take a decision on final schedule of the matches.\"The franchisee has given us instructions to start intense practice sessions to ready ourselves for the super sixes match to be held in Malaysia. Though the selection of the final team is yet to be held, we have already started the practice session,\" said actor Rajeev Pillai, who plays for Kerala Strikers, promoted by the Association of Malayalam Movie Artists (AMMA).Overseas Indians and commercial viability of the earlier editions in the country are reasons for taking CCL abroad. The franchisees are also keen on getting back huge sums pumped into teams and the overseas matches can be used commercially for improving revenues. Sources revealed that initially the plan was to conduct the series in London, but later the venue was changed to Malaysia as the country has a larger presence of Indians.As of now, the CCL tournament is held once a year in a 20-20 format. \"Super sixes is the game of batsmen rather than bowlers. But it will help a lot in moulding all-rounders,\" said Pankaj Chandrasenan, the Kerala Strikers' coach.In the super sixes, each team comprising six members will fight it out in the field in the five-over matches to win the cup. All the teams that took part in earlier editions such as Mumbai Heroes , Bengal Tigers, Telugu Warriors, Karnataka Bulldozers, Kerala Strikers and Chennai Rhinos are expected to take partin the event. There will be eight film stars in each team touring Malaysia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12874239", "title": "Kandolkar wants inquiry against predecessor", "text": "PANAJI: Tivim MLA Kiran Kandolkar who took over as the state horticulture corporation chairman on Wednesday said the irregularities done by his predecessor would be probed.Kandolkar told mediapersons, \"A detailed inquiry will be conducted into the scams of former chairman Sankalp Amonkar.\" Kandolkar said he was unable to announce any new initiative for the corporation as the election code of conduct was in effect but added that the board of directors of the corporation would meet soon to discuss initiatives.He said the present quality of vegetables supplied by shops and outlets of the corporation were poor. He refused to say whether the present suppliers would be changed. He said the new horticulture corporation building was almost complete and would open soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874478", "title": "Rathore can avail all facilities in jail till next hearing: Court", "text": "JAIPUR: Former PWD minister Rajendra Rathore got a breather on Wednesday when the district court here asked the jail authorities to continue provide whatever facilities he has in the Central jail, till the next date of hearing. The court fixed May 7 as the next date of hearing of the application of jail superintendent challenging the jail facilities of Rathore and also the arguments on the chargesheet in the Dara Singh fake encounter case.Earlier, the jail superintendent, after noticing that Rathore was sending and receiving messages through newspapers which were coming to him in the jail, had written to the court to withdraw his facilities in the jail, claiming the former minister was misusing these facilities.Rathore appeared before the district judge on Wednesday morning where his counsel A K Jain, objecting the action of the jail superintendent, said that no jail authorities can directly approach the court. \"If they had any problem, they should point them out through their counsel. I have also requested the court that the facilities including home-made food, newspapers, mattress, table, chair and security in his cell shall be continued,\" said A K Jain.On May 7, the court will also listen to the arguments of the prosecution and defence on the charges framed on the former minister.Rathore was summoned by the CBI on April 5 at CBI headquarters here and soon after the senior BJP leader reached the office, he was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12875005", "title": "Gujarat Technological University booklets to be distributed on May 11", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Booklets for admission in engineering and pharmacy courses may not be distributed by GTU on May 4 as scheduled, as the technical education department is yet to approve the admission rules and send it back to the Admission Committee for Professional Courses.Officials in the admission committee said that they had framed the rules and sent the same to the technical education department long ago but the department was yet to approve.In the meantime, the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) is all set to declare the Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GUJCET) on May 2. And the results of HSC (science) exams will be out on May 10.The admission committee had scheduled that the booklet containing complete information about the engineering and pharmacy colleges and the seats available would be distributed from May 4, along with the PIN number allowing the students to fill forms online.However, now the booklets are expected to be printed only by May 11, a day after the HSC (science) results are declared. The printing of the booklets takes at least a week. tnnGiven the current situation, the booklets will not be distributed before May 11,\" said an admissions committee official.Meanwhile, 75 helpline centres will be opened all over the state to help the students fill the admission forms online.The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is expected to announce its HSC (science) results in the third week of May, most likely between May 21 and May 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "sukma (chhattisgarh)", "code": "12875069", "title": "Wife in endless wait for news", "text": "SUKMA (CHHATTISGARH): Fear and uncertainty gripped Sukma on Wednesday as the expectation of news about abducted district collector Alex Paul Menon was shattered. Former CPI MLA Manish Kunjam, who left with medicines for Menon Tuesday afternoon, did not return till late Wednesday night. He was expected to return in the afternoon.Senior Chhattisgarh government officials and police brass remained clueless about Kunjam's whereabouts. Menon's wife Asha was distraught waiting all day for some news of her husband. She broke down while speaking to reporters late in the evening. \"I feel very disheartened that there is no information about my husband. I am totally unsure how he is,\" she said. Tears welled up in her eyes as she clutched at hope. \"Probably, Manish Kunjam is on his way. Maybe he will come back with some news of my husband any time,\" she said. Doctors came in for a check-up as she is not well.Senior state government officials had called her to know if she had heard from Kunjam or anybody about Menon. \"I've got no updates from anyone except the media. I am totally sceptical seeing the way things are happening. I'm still hoping the government will give some information about my husband,\" she said.The government suspended all offensive operations after Menon was abducted. \"We are not getting any information from the area as villagers in the interiors are more loyal to the Maoist. We can't track Kunjam's route either,\" said an officer. A crowd of Sukma residents gathered in front of Menon's bungalow hoping for some news. At the end of day, they returned dejected. A local resident said, \"It's shameful how a band of rebels can hold a state to ransom. The government looks helpless. How can it protect its citizens?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12874075", "title": "Leopard caught in Mandane is still captive awaits release", "text": "NASHIK: The five-year-old male leopard, over five feet tall that had injured three people in Mandane in Dindori tehsil on April 18, is still waiting to be released.The forest officials had said at the time told then that the leopard is healthy and would be released immediately. But a week later, the leopard is still caged at Nehru Udyan, near Pandavleni.Three people were injured by a leopard in Mandane, on Vani-Kalwan road in Dindori taluka on April 18.Following the incident on April 18, it took the forest employees more than eight hours to trap the animal. had trapped the leopard after more than eight hours.The wild cat was then transported to Nehru Udyan,Nashik,and the forest department had assured that the leopard would be released immediately since it was healthy.\"The leopard is still at the Nehru Udyan. We hope to release it soon,\" informed an employee of the forest department. He said that since the leopard is healthy and fine, it should have been released by now but failed to cite the reasons why the needful was not yet done.Agreeing that the cage was just used for trapping leopards and not for holding them, he said that the leopard was being well-cared for.When contacted, Chief Conservator of Forests (Territorial), Nashik, G Saiprakash, who was out of town said that the leopard had ben affixed with a tracking chip immediately on being caught, and should have therefore been released by now. \"I will facilitate its release as soon as I come back to Nashik in a couple of days,\" Saipraskash assured.Sources in the forest department said that if the leopard is kept for long at Nehru Udyan, people will visit the place to see the leopard.\"This disturbs the leopard. Moreover, keeping it for long in a cage would also make it difficult for the leopard to adjust in its natural surroundings. But thankfully, these days, wild animals are released within 8-10 days,\" said a forest staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875689", "title": "'Guru Shishya parampara only way to pursue music'", "text": "NAGPUR: In the world of percussion, the name of Pt Ram Kumar Mishra is synonymous with rhythm and robust jugalbandi. With a fine lineage of Hindustani classical music, he has made tremendous strides as an accompanist as well as a solo player. In the city for the ongoing World Dance Day series of SPIC-MACAY, Pt. Mishra chatted with TOI on topics related to tabla and Hindustani classical music.With a calendar full with engagements both in India and abroad, Pt Mishra says there are so many musical performances happening all around that the audience as well as the musician are spoilt for choice. \"In the last 15 years Hindustani classical music has become a trend. In metro cities, even people in early twenties brag about their attendance at a musical programme,\" says the 48-year-old percussionist.Attributing this to initiatives like those taken by SPIC-MACAY, Pt Mishra says it has carried the richness of classical music to the very young. \" Manu Kumar Shrivastav, who was the Collector of Nagpur in late nineties, invited me twice for Kalidas Mahotsav. When we met for the first time, he told me that as a student in Varanasi he had heard my father vocalist Pt. Chunnulal Mishra perform at a SPIC-MACAY Lec-dem and had also later learnt music from him. So these students first learn about music then become disciples and later on are a part of the audience. This has taken music forward over the last 28 years,\" he adds.Panditji says that though tabla is a popular instrument, few pursue it with required earnestness. \"I have seen both in India and abroad that a slumbering audience suddenly gets alert when the rhythm is introduced after a long alaap. Shauk toh bahut hai sunne ka but few want to take it up as a profession,\" he laments.With music academies mushrooming in every city, Pt Mishra says that the guru-shishya parampara is now getting obsolete which could undermine the learning of these classical forms. \"This is an era of instant results. So academies where 50 students learn vocal, instrumental and dance at a time are flourishing. I feel purity of teaching should remain,\" he says. He also regrets the fact that foreigners are more interested in Hindustani classical compared to Indians.\" The devoted audiences in this country are found in cities like Pune, Nagpur, Mumbai and Kolkata, he says, \"but abroad the audience hears us with a touch of reverence.\"In spite of lack of media support and an onslaught of western pop and Bollywood music, Panditji is optimistic about the future of Hindustani classical music. \"There is a very promising crop of young musicians like Shashank, Rakesh Chaurasia, Niladari Kumar, Yeshwant Vaishnav and Jayatirth Momandy who will keep secure the future of flute, sitar, tabla and vocal,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12875188", "title": "Brother forced to quit financial firm", "text": "BEIJING: Former Chinese Communist Party leader Bo Xilai's brother, Li Xueming, has been forced to resign from state-owned financial services company - China Everbright International - for allegedly making $5.5 million by selling the company's 12 million shares over the last two years. He is also suspected of managing companies in Mauritius and British Virgin Islands along with Bo's son.Li, who also goes under the name of Bo Xiyong, was the company's board member and vice president. He is also likely to be investigated for dealing in shares using two different identities.\"We have launched an investigation against him regarding his connections with his younger brother and the results will be made public within a week. He is not involved in the management now,\" China Everbright International CEO Chen Xiaoping said. Sources said financial dealings of Bo's elder son and two sisters were also being probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12875184", "title": "Honest mason returns valuables worth Rs 2 lakh", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A 36-year-old poor mason returned cash and jewellery worth over Rs 2 lakh to a retired IPS officer's wife, who had mistakenly dropped her valuables near Nayapally, Bhubaneswar on Wednesday. Appreciating Jena's integrity, the city police announced to felicitate him at a public function.Early morning, Jena was cycling his way to work when he stumbled upon a bag lying abandoned on the roadside at Nayapally. He found thick wad of notes and glittering gold ornaments inside the bag. Jena, who earns a peanut Rs 150 per day, could have pocketed the valuables to improve his monetary condition but he chose to hand over the bag to police keeping greed at bay.\"There was Rs 52,000 in cash, some gold ornaments and a mobile phone in the bag. We contacted few people, whose numbers we found stored in the phone. Luckily, the owner's daughter picked up the phone and informed the matter to family,\" a senior police officer said. \"Later, we came to know that the bag belonged retired IPS officer Ashutosh Mishra's wife. The valuables were handed over to the family,\" the police officer added.Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said: \"Jena did a great work. Others should learn from him. Police appreciate his gesture and will reward him publicly very soon.\"\"Everyday we read news of theft and burglary. But I was moved by Jena's compassionate attitude. I immediately gave him Rs 1,000 as reward,\" said the former IPS officer's wife Swarnaprabha Mishra.\"I was on my way to a hospital when the bag slipped out of my hand without my knowledge. I realized it only after reaching the hospital. My daughter, after getting a call from the police station, called up her father, who was with me in the hospital,\" she said. \"I was supposed to deposit the valuables in bank after my hospital visit,\" she added.Some local people tried to snatch the bag from him but he resisted their attempts. \"When I was scanning the bag, two men came and claimed the bag. They even tried to snatch it when I refused to hand it over,\" said Jena, who stays in the Salia Sahi slum.Jena has a wife and an 8-year-old son. He used to work for a garment factory in Gujarat and returned to his native village in Ganjam district, two years ago. \"I came to Bhubaneswar a few months ago to earn livelihood. I work as mason under a contractor in Pokhariput area here,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12874599", "title": "New Age pirates rule the CD roost in Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: As the world observes World Intellectual Property Day today, piracy thrives in the streets of Kochi with films, games and music sold by the dozen at unbelievable prices.Take the case of just-released movies like Housefull 2 and Bittu Boss that are sold for Rs 80 at Marine Drive. The list is endless - Kahani, Ek Mein Aur Ek Tu, Pan Singh Tomar and almost all new English movies are available here. Type 'Malayalam' into a torrents search engine, and your list will have two distinct names at the top - Cobra and 22 Female Kottayam. Both movies are still running in theatres.The revenue loss caused by piracy is tremendous, said former general secretary of Kerala Film Producers' Association G Suresh Kumar.\"We know piracy is killing our business as people prefer movies at home and stop visiting theatres. It also affects a major part of the revenue gained from selling satellite , video, overseas and audio rights. Local cable operators telecast movies using illegal pirated CDs much before major channels. Nobody buys original CDs and online uploads are a real problem. We have a large market in Europe, Middle East, Australia etc, but now we have lost hope. We should have stringent laws to curb this menace,\" he said.He added that Kerala Film producers' Association was planning to employ IT professionals to check online piracy just like Telugu Producers' Council. Anti-Piracy Cell SP Rajpal Meena said, \"We have registered eight cases this year. It is difficult to nail the actual culprit when we probe piracy cases. The punishment for piracy includes a prison term of 6-8 years and a fine of two lakh rupees.\"But for consumers it is a treasure trove because all current popular games including Darkness 2, Mass Effect 3, and GTA series are all available for Rs 140, while the original ones are priced from Rs 499 - Rs 1,299. Even books are available at a nominal price, people flock GCDA shopping centre area to pick bestsellers. Booksof Chetan Bhagat, Dan Brown , Nicholas Sparks, and other bestselling authors are available at cheaper rates.Kochi: Maybe people didn't throng the theatres for Housefull 2 because they didn't want to sit through mindless comedy for two hours. Or maybe they didn't, because they already had laughed their heads out watching it at home - the film's pirated CDs are available already!With 80 bucks, you get Housefull 2 and Bittu Boss. Copies of original CDs are available for Kahani, Ek Mein Aur Ek Tu, Pan Singh Tomar and almost all the latest English movies. While the world celebrates the Intellectual Property Rights day on April 26, the sale of illegal copies is thriving at many shopping complexes in Marine Drive.Type 'Malayalam' into the torrents search engine, and you get a list topped by Cobra and 22 Female Kottayam, which are still running in the theatres.\"The revenue loss caused by piracy is tremendous,\" said G Suresh Kumar , chairman of the Kerala state Cultural Welfare Board andformer General Secretary of the Kerala Film Producers' Association. \"That it stops people from coming to the theatres is known. It also affects a major part of our revenue gained from selling the satellite, video, overseas and audio rights. Local cable operators telecast movies using illegal pirated CDs much before major channels do. So nobody buys the original CDs. Uploading the movies online is the biggest of all menace. We have a large market in Europe, Middle East, Australia etc., but now we have lost all hope in that. The 'Maveli' movies in New York, rented to screen Malayalam movies do not attract many viewers now due to piracy. The law should be made stringent. That is the only way to stop this,\" he said.He also mentioned that the Kerala Film producers' Association was planning to employ IT professionals to check online Piracy, like the Telgu Producers' Council is doing.S P Raj Pal Meena of the Anti-Piracy Cell said, \"Eight cases have been registered this year so far. To find out the actual culprit is the major problem when it comes to film piracy. Generally, the punishment given to violators range from 6-8 years of imprisonment and a fine of Rs two lakh.\"Piracy in Kochi seems to mock the observance of Intellectual Property Rights, as it continues with its illegal spread. PC gamers can find a collection of the current popular games including Darkness 2, Mass Effect 3, the GTA series, etc. for Rs 140, while the original CDs range from Rs 499 - Rs 1,299.Outside the GCDA shopping centre, the pirates have laid their nets for the silent book worms, tempting them with cheap copies of popular books for less than half their original price. The Twilight crazy teenager can get her copy of Breaking Dawn here for just Rs 200. Books of Chetan Bhagat, Dan Brown, Nicholas Sparks , Cecilia Ahern etc. are all available here at cheap rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12876944", "title": "Apple doomed to end up like Sony: Forrester CEO", "text": "NEW YORK: Forrester Research CEO George Colony said that without Steve Jobs at the helm, Apple will 'coast and then decelerate.'As analysts, investors and other pundits try to out-superlative one another talking about Apple's second-quarter results, the CEO of one of the leading market research firms used the event as an opportunity to warn that the iPhone maker is doomed to mediocrity.In a blog post pitched by his spokesman as \"something provocative,\" Forrester Research CEO George Colony said that without co-founder Steve Jobs at the helm, Apple will \"coast and then decelerate.\" The arguments mirror those many people made after Jobs's death in October.Colony's reasoning is that without Jobs's charisma, design vision and ability to take big risks, Apple will end up like Sony, a rudderless organization that will have a long, painful decline. As a reminder, Sony was worth more than $120 billion in 2000 and is now valued at $16.4 billion.Forrester's chief said Apple's board should have found another charismatic leader to replace Jobs instead of Tim Cook , whom he described as \"proven and competent.\"For Apple, that's not a good thing, Colony argued: \"His legal/bureaucratic approach will prove to be a miss-match for an organization that feeds off the gift of grace.\"A better choice may have been Apple design chief Jony Ive or software head Scott Forstall, even though Colony said he doesn't know them personally. \"Without the arrival of a new charismatic leader it will move from being a great company to being a good company, with a commensurate step down in revenue growth and product innovation,\" Colony said.We'll have to wait to see if he's right. Colony said the slide to mediocrity will take two to four years. In the meantime, after reporting profit almost doubled, Apple's stock rose more than 10 per cent earlier today, the biggest jump in more than three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12875549", "title": "Board evaluation work to begin From April 26", "text": "KANPUR: The work for evaluation of answer-sheets of class X and XII of UP Board would commence from April 26. The exams concluded on April 20.The UP board authorities would now pay attention towards checking of the answersheets so that the results could be released timely. It is for this purpose that over 4,429 evaluators would be deployed to check the copies at six centres in the city.The UP Board authorities have sent the list of evaluators selected by it to the inter colleges. While the copies of Class X would be checked at DAV Inter College, Gurunank Boys Inter College, GIC Kanpur and Surya Narayan Inter College, the copies of class XII would be checked at Harjinder Nagar Inter College and Bhartiya Vidyalaya Inter College.At DAV Inter College and GIC Kanpur, 463 and 902 evaluators respectively would do the evaluation work. The answer-sheets of Class XII students would be checked by 559 and 605 examiners at Harjinder Nagar Inter College and Bhartiya Vidyalaya Inter College respectively. At all the centres, the examiners would be assisted and supervised by a team of senior examiners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "koyna (karad)", "code": "12873347", "title": "We will pursue Ozarde dam project: CM", "text": "KOYNA (KARAD): State chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday said that he would hold a meeting with the Union environment ministry to follow up on the proposed 400 MW hydro power plant at Ozarde waterfall. The waterfall is located in the interiors of Koyna and surrounded by rare flora and fauna. The environment ministry has opposed construction of a dam in this area.Speaking to reporters after the second lake tapping at Koyna, Chavan said, \"I am aware of the objections raised by the Union environment ministry. We would like to pursue the matter with them in the coming days.\"State irrigation officials who have prepared the project report said, \"Koyna would work as a lower storage capacity, while the proposed Ozarde dam would work as an upper storage capacity, required for hydro power projects. Due to the heavy flow of water, the dam near the waterfall can generate 400 MW power. The proposed storage capacity near the waterfall would be 2 TMC, but it would require a minimum of two acres of land to create the storage. Additional land would also be needed for other infrastructure like offices, power station and construction of roads to the dam office. The forest would have to be cleared to make the roads and other infrastructure. So far, the location of the waterfall is almost untouched and there is no human population residing near the location.\"A similar project in Chandoli forest was scrapped by the Union ministry to ensure conservation of vegetation and natural resources. The roads constructed during a survey were also dug up and made unusable to prevent entry into the forest, the officials said.When asked about a proposed third lake tapping, Chavan said, \"The project will be commissioned soon. Once the construction of a small dam on the left of Koyna dam is completed, a tunnel of half a km will be excavated and be opened into the reservoir with lake tapping.\"He also maintained that Rs 22 crore were sanctioned for rehabilitation of the Koyna dam affected people. A meeting will be held in Mumbai next week to finalize the decision and its execution, Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875514", "title": "Forest clearance for mine now must to set up thermal power project", "text": "NAGPUR: Getting an environmental clearance for a thermal power plant is going to remain tough. The ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) had earlier linked clearance to having an assured coal supply for the power plant. Now, it has clarified that promoters of a thermal power plant will have to wait till the linked mine gets a stage 1 forest clearance.Forest clearance is an approval to divert forest land for industrial use. Stage 1 is in-principle permission for the same, and a power venture will get approval only if the mine gets the MoEF go-ahead.Industry sources said that getting a clearance to a power plant is relatively is easy, but getting clearance for a mine is a very long process. So, linking the two has complicated the whole process.Sources in the coal and power sector said that a MoEF circular issued a few days ago says that even as the processes for getting clearance for the mine and power plant will run parallel, a green signal to the latter now hinges on the mine getting forest land. Incidentally, mine blocks allotted for private use are generally in forest areas.The notification also covers mines belonging to Coal India Limited (CIL) in the definition of a linked mine. So, clearance to a power plant being supplied coal from a group of CIL mines will also depend on forest clearance to each mine, said a source in this mining PSU after interpreting the notification.The ministry has further specified that detailed information of the calorific value, ash content, as well as level of sulphur in the coal to be used, has to be put up while seeking an approval for the power plant. Calorific value determines the amount of coal to be consumed in the process. Fly ash is a major pollutant generated due to burning of coal in a power plant. Sulphur content too determines the quantum of air pollution. The coal linkage or fuel supply agreement has to specifically mention the details of these values or other parameters mentioned from time to time.The move will lengthen the process of getting environmental clearance for a power plant. Industry players have always complained about not getting forest clearance in time. Although the official time taken is 18 months, the delays are inordinate. City-based Western Coalfields Limited (WCL) itself is waiting for over 5 years to get forest clearance for its expansion projects, said a senior official in the company.At the same time, the move will also prevent mushrooming of power projects as has happened in recent years, say industry sources.Sanjay Jain of Abhijeet Power says the move will weed out non-serious players and also lead to finance being extended only to entities with the requisite clearances. A lot of smaller companies that had no intention to running a power plant had set up projects, but will face rough weather now. However, at the same time, it may dampen investor sentiment, with not many new projects coming up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874495", "title": "Officials to visit Indonesia to study family planning", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to follow Indonesia's successful family planning programme, the officials of state medical, health and family department will soon go on a study tour to the country.Health minister AA Khan and a few district collectors will also be a part of the contingent. \"During the tour, discussion will be held with the government officials on family planning, HIV/AIDS, besides political, social and cultural issues that also play a part in determining the health of a nation and its citizens,\" Khan elaborated.Mission director of National Rural Health Mission Gayatri Rathore is likely to join the team.\"The family planning methods implemented in Indonesia would be studied, along with measures adopted to check the spread of HIV/AIDS in the country,\" a department official said.Meanwhile, the state has sent a proposal to the Centre demanding 400 more ambulances. These will be used to ferry pregnant women for institutional deliveries under the Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna. The minister said the Centre will give an additional funding of Rs 400 crore to the state under the NRHM.Sources said since some states failed to exhaust the budget allocated under NHRM, the extra funds will be given to Rajasthan.Department officials said the money will help the state in improving the health indicators especially maternal mortality, and infant mortality rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12875592", "title": "Land mafia sells graveyard, officials mum", "text": "KARNAL: A piece of prime land owned by the state Wakf board, once used by the Muslim community as a graveyard, has been sold off. While the property dealers want to make lots of money, the government officials look the other way.The graveyard of Chand Sarai that had khasra number 4489, which stood in the name of the Wakf board, was sold off by a local land mafia in connivance with officials, who, despite repeated attempts made by a local lawyer, showed reluctance in taking action against unscrupulous persons.It was around four months ago when Muslims living near Chand Sarai woke up one morning to the noise of JCB machines digging up the land. Even as slogans were raised against the move, a small group of Muslims was pacified with a promise of giving them 1,200 sq feet land.Advocate Mohammad Rafique Chauhan alleged that the RTI queries put up before the Wakf board seeking details about the land were turned down on the grounds that the board did not come under the ambit of the RTI.Chauhan, who is president of the Haryana Muslim Khidmat Sabha, contended that according to Article 2 (h) of the RTI Act, any department or institution constituted under constitutional provision, parliament or state assemblies or by government orders, come under the RTI provisions. He asserted that Haryana Wakf board was set up under the Wakf act, 1995, article 13 (1) by Haryana government in August 2003.He said that a few years ago, he had fought a court case to get the Chand Sarai fenced to protect it against encroachments. Though, in 2008, the court passed a judgment in his favour, the fencing was never done. Deputy commissioner Neelam Kasni said the chief secretary had ordered an vigilance inquiry in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12874524", "title": "Sarpanch son\u2019s child marriage stopped in Pushkar", "text": "AJMER: Khori village of Pushkar block remained tense on Wednesday as angry villagers protested against the police who swung into action and got a court stay order on the child marriage, involving the minor son of sarpanch Partap Singh.According to police, sarpanch Partap Singh was organising the marriage of his minor son, and hundreds of members of his community gathered in the village to participate in the ceremony.\"There was a big function and marriage rituals were scheduled in the afternoon,\" said police.After a tip-off, when they reached the spot, there was a protest from villagers. After verification, it was found that Ram Singh (16) was going to marry in a grand family function. The police filed an application in the court to stay the marriage and after getting the orders, they again went to the village and made the parents and relatives to sign on a legal bond for not conducting the marriage of the minors.\"We used force to bring the situation under control and took the signatures of the parents,\" said Dinesh Kumawat, SHO of Pushkar police station.Even though it is a social crime, the child marriage in the sarpanch family revealed the involvement of public representatives.\"Political leaders are attending child marriage functions as they have to protect their vote banks,\" said an official. He added that they should come forward against this menace.Meanwhile, in the last two days, police have swooped upon more than a dozen of families in the district and made them sign on a bond for not conducting marriages of their minor children.\"The marriage ceremonies will go on for two more days and we are keeping a close watch,\" said the official.In another instance, Jawaja police also filed an application in the Beawar court demanding a stay on child marriages in Naikalan village. Judicial magistrate Vikram Singh directed the police to make the parents and grand parents of children to sign the bond for not conducting child marriages. Additional police force has also been deployed in the village to check the social crime.Acting on a tip-off, police found that a couple of marriages were scheduled in Naikalan village where Hamendra Panwar (7), son of Santosh Panwar, was supposed to marry Priyanka alias Guddi (5), daughter of Bhanwar Singh of Katoliya village of Bhilwara district. In the other case, Pawan Kumar (13), son of Kishan Singh was going to marry Lalita (4), daughter of Chiman Lal of Kinal village.Tahsildar Kannaya Lal and SHO Jawaj Panchi Ram went to the village and made the families to sign on the bond.\"We even took the signs of the grand parents and relatives that came to attend the marriages,\" said Ram. Similarly complaints of child marriages also came from Pisangan block and when police reached the spot parents had taken away their children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "12874071", "title": "Trafficker arrested for sending Bodo girl to Kuwait", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Police arrested Anjali Basumatary of New Jalpaiguri district on charges of human trafficking. The development shows that trans-border human trafficking networks are still active in parts of the BTC region. Basumatary has already sent one Bodo girl to Kuwait. The 13-year-old Sonali (name changed) of Bismuri area in Kokrajahr district, who is also Anjali cousin sister was taken by her to Jalpaiguri in West Bengal before being sold.Acting on specific information, Assam police with the help of West Bengal police raided Anjali's house in Nepali Basti in Birpara on Saturday and seized some incriminating documents. She was arrested on Sunday and brought to Kokrajhar the next day. She was produced before a magistrate, who remanded her to police custody.According to the police, Sonali was first sold to one Darshan Singh and then another person identified as Ratan in New Delhi before she was trafficked to Kuwait on a fake Nepali passport, under the name of to Bhim Kala Rai of Singdel-6, Khotang, Nepal.Anjali admitted that she and Darshan sent off Sunita with Ratan, who stays in Kuwait, to work as a maidservant. Anjali said the documents were made in Nepal by Darshan and his gang. She herself has a travel document that shows her name as Rabina Labchan of Makawanpurgadi, Makawanpur, Nepal. Anjali said she had stayed in Delhi with one Prem Choudhury, alias Pradip Singh, and claimed he is her husband and the father of her eight-month-old baby. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873305", "title": "Brimstowad project cost now thrice the estimate", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has finally sent across a detailed project report to the central government, highlighting the changes in the Brihanmumbai Stormwater Drainage (Brimstowad) project, and seeking additional funds. The cost of the project has increased three fold - Rs 1,200 crore to Rs 3,900 crore.Speaking to TOI, Aseem Gupta, additional municipal commissioner, said, \"We have sent across the detailed project report. As of now, we have not got any response from the Centre. It is likely to take some time as the project has various intricate details.\"The Centre has already sanctioned Rs 1,000 crore to the project under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) as it had decided to fund the project entirely when the cost was pegged at Rs 1,200 crore. The BMC is expected to receive Rs 200 crore more from the Centre.An official from the solid waste management department said that up to 19% of pre-monsoon work is complete. \"By the end of May, we finish 30%, during monsoon, another 50%, and after monsoon, 20%,\" said the official.The civic body, however, has also taken precautions in case the Centre refuses to dish out the additional funds. Following guidelines by municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, the BMC has come up with a three-point approach to restrict further cost escalations to the project.The guidelines include putting a cap on further cost escalations, carrying out work on nullahs in a continuous manner and not allowing any change in technology. Acting on pressure from corporators, contractors take up work in a sporadic manner across various locations, causing cost escalation.The project, once completed, will help eliminate flooding during monsoons and will be helpful in pouring rainwater into the sea when high rainfall days coincide with abnormally high-tide days.Around 99km of the century-old network of 382km of drainage pipes have been replaced so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "garwha", "code": "12874999", "title": "Munda attends mass wedding ceremony", "text": "GARWHA: Chief minister Arjun Munda on Wednesday attended a mass wedding ceremony in which 101 couples tied the nuptial knot under the aegis of Vananchal Educational and Welfare Trust Garhwa and Prerna Parmarth Ashram Allahabad.Munda who arrived by helicopter on the premises of Vananchal Dental College and Hospital (VDCH) blessed the newly married couples and presented them gifts said his government's main focus was on women empowerment. \"Our government will provide all possible help to the institutions working in the field of education and healthcare,\" Munda said.The ceremony was held at Faratiya village, 8 km from Garhwa town. The chief minister lauded the trust for its educational and social activities. \"Organizing such a big programme of mass marriage of 101 poor couple is appreciable\", he said. Munda distributed passbooks to 722 beneficiaries under Mukhyamantri Laxmi Ladli Yojna. He also inaugurated Maa Maitrani Mahila Swaolamban Yojna.Dinesh Prasad Singh, he president of mass marriage programme, offered household materials worth Rs 40,000 to each one of the 101 newly-wed couples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873807", "title": "Fast track approval panel for metro rail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi on Wednesday directed Hyderabad Metro Rail (HMR) authorities to form a fast track approval committee comprising senior police officials for according stretch-wise permissions for metro rail works and coordinated traffic management.Dwivedi, who was conducting a review meeting to assess the progress of the metro rail project, also called for the formation of a sub-committee to identify and coordinate removal of bottlenecks through joint inspection of critical road stretches. The committee will consist of S P Singh (principal secretary, R&B;), Sam Bob (principal secretary, MAUD) among other senior bureaucrats and police officials.Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) during the meet, was not only asked to expedite acquisition of 570 properties in the next four months but also instructed to speed up formation of alternate roads and remove bottlenecks. The chief secretary directed the water board to shift obstructing water and sewer lines on the metro routes. L&T; MRHL was asked to deploy more traffic marshals and other resources for better traffic management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872853", "title": "Consider exempting Parsis from 2-child norm: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The government could consider exempting the Parsi community from the 'two-child norm', the Bombay high court suggested on Wednesday. Hearing a matrimonial dispute case between a city-based Parsi couple, a division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Anoop Mohta was informed of incentives given to Parsi couples to have more children.\"Late marriages or no marriages are the cause for the decline in the population,'' the judges remarked. Bombay Parsi Punchayat chairman Dinshaw Meh- ta told the court that the community has offered benefits to couples who have more children.\"For a second child, a couple is paid Rs 3,000 per month and for having a third child, the family is offered Rs 5,000 per month. This maintenance amount is paid till the child turns 18,'' Mehta said. \"Other benefits for education expenses are also provided,'' he added.At this the court remarked that the community seems to be going against the government's 'two-child norm'. \"You are going against the government scheme where having a third child is a disqualification for many things, including a government job or standing for elections,'' said Justice Majmudar, adding, \"But this may be needed to arrest the decline in the Parsi population. The legislature could consider granting the community an exemption from the two- child norm.''As per the 2001 census, the population of Parsis had declined to 69,000 from 1.20 lakh in 1941. According to demographic trends, it is estimated that the Parsi population in India may fall to 20,000 by 2020.Mehta told the court that Parsi couples are provided flats in colonies around the city where rents are nominal.\"The object of the community enclaves is to ensure Parsis stay together and marry within the community,'' said Mehta. \"Parsis are in an enviable position (as far as flats in the city are concerned),'' the judges said, and asked Mehta if rich Parsis were also staying in such enclaves. \"Many have Mercedes and BMWs in Cusrow Baug in Colaba,'' Mehta replied.Earlier, hearing another matter, the court appreciated the enterprise and philanthropy of the community. \"Other communities should learn from the Parsis,'' Justice Majmudar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12874966", "title": "CRPF vacates PTR premises", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The CRPF has finally vacated the tree house, cottage meant for tourists, canteen and the rest house of the Palamu Tiger Reserve (PTR) in Betla. Sources said with this, the ongoing operation against the rebels, Operation Octopus, has also come to a halt.These places were occupied by the CRPF since March 30. The divisional forest officer (DFO), core, Premjit Anand, quoting the Betla forest ranger, Ajit Singh , said, \"The CRPF moved out of the tree house, cottage, canteen and the rest house on April 24.\"Anand said PTR officials will now have to find out if things are in \"shape or not\". A ranger has been asked to keep a record of the accessories. \"Bills over Rs 1 lakh have been sent to the Latehar SP,\" said the DFO as he is the sanctioning authority.According to sources, it was because of the efforts of principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF) A K Singh, that the CRPF vacated the PTR. The PCCF held parleys with the IG (operations), CRPF, D K Pandey, in this matter and was reported to have communicated to the IG CRPF that the occupancy of PTR buildings had made the structure, officers and staff vulnerable to rebels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12875177", "title": "IPL ticket price reduced", "text": "CUTTACK: Bowing to public pressure, the Hyderabad team authorities on Wednesday decided to reduce the prices of tickets for the IPL match scheduled to be played at Barabati stadium on May 1 between Hyderabad and Pune.Team Hyderabad, which has chosen Barabati as one of its home venues in this IPL season, had earlier promised to slash the ticket prices to bring more spectators to the stadium, but this did not translate into reality as tickets were sold at a hiked rate.Earlier, it was announced that tickets of gallery no 1 would be available at Rs 300, but in actuality, they were sold at Rs 400. Similarly, tickets of gallery 3 were supposed to be sold at Rs 300, but were available for Rs 600. Cricket buffs if the state had expressed resentment against the price hike and had also brought the matter to the Orissa Cricket association's notice.\"We discussed the matter in detail with the Hyderabad team management and they have agreed to reduce the prices. The issue has been resolved completely,\" OCA secretary Asirbad Behera said.He further informed that from Thursday tickets would be sold at the reduced rate. The Hyderabad team had played the last match at Barabati against Kolkata on April 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873678", "title": "Surgery at KEM Hospital to rid kid of extra legs tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten-month-old Raj Manwar can't sit up or crawl like many children his age. He was born with a congenital deformity-he had two extra limbs and an extra penis, almost like a half formed Siamese twin.On Friday, KEM Hospital's paediatric surgeons will operate on Raj to remove his \"extra\" legs. \"He has a caudal duplication syndrome (in which duplicate limbs or organs are attached to the tailbone side of the body) that has resulted in rudimentary extra legs and a penis. But he has no internal organ malformation,'' said a KEM Hospital surgeon who didn't want to be named.Hospital sources said that a huge team led by dean Dr Sanjay Oak would operate on Raj on Friday. The surgeon said only his extra limbs would be removed on Friday. \"Raj will need operations in several stages. This time, we will remove the limbs. Six months later, we will correct his uro-genital problem,'' he said.Raj was brought to KEM Hospital on April 17 from a village called Parva in Washim district. \"We have been worried about his extra limbs since birth. I hope he'll be able to sit and walk normally,'' said his father, Ravindra Manwar (28), a farm labourer. It was a medical camp that took the Manwars to KEM Hospital.\"The camp doctors asked us to go to the district hospital in Washim. There, we had a telemedicine conference with KEM Hospital doctors who called us here,'' says Ravindra.It was only after coming to Mumbai that the child underwent several diagnostic tests such as CT, ultrasound, etc. ``Doctors have said that there are no internal problems with my son. We are hopeful that he will get well soon,'' Ravindra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12875701", "title": "Efforts on for five more Geographical Indication tags for region", "text": "VARANASI: Now, five more handicraft items of the region are in the quest for the Geographical Indication (GI).The Human Welfare Association (HWA) has intensified efforts for getting GI status for five more handicrafts, including metal repousse work of Varanasi, gulabi meenakari (pink enameling) of Varanasi, wooden lackerwear (wooden toys) of Varanasi, black clay pottery of Nizamabad (Azamgarh district) and Mirzapuri punja dari of Mirzapur district. Rajnikant of HWA told TOI on the eve of World Intellectual Property Right Day, \"In November 2011, my NGO was working as a sustainable development resource centre and had started the procedure by forwarding a proposal to the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NBARD) Lucknow unit to procure financial aide from its rural innovation fund.\"He said if the proposal of HWA was sanctioned by the NABARD, the HWA would start separate documentation of each handicraft and forward it to the Chennai office of GI for registration. When district development manager of NABARD AK Tripathi was contacted, he admitted that the proposals had already been forwarded to the Lucknow office, It was expected that the necessary formalities would be completed very soon.In 2009, the joint effort of the Banaras Bunker Samiti, Human Welfare Association (HWA), AD Handloom Varanasi, joint director industries Varanasi, Eastern UP Exporter Association, Banaras Vastra Udyog Sangh and three other institutions had resulted in the registration of Banarasi sari and brocades under the Geographical Indication Act (GI Act). In 2010, the handmade carpet of Bhadohi also got registration under GI Act.However, the process of getting GI registration is not an easy task as after completing the exercise of the institution seeking such registration, the GI office starts its own survey. Though the agencies exercised hard to get GI registration for Banarasi sari, brocades and Bhadohi carpets are not very happy with the Government of India as the post-GI initiatives regarding the publicity, awareness, special exhibition, special events, appointing brand ambassador for the promotion, international events and strict implementation under the GI act to put a check on fake and duplicate products has not been started so far, they find some improvement in these sectors.Rajnikant said only Banarasi sari industry had ensured a growth of 28% in the past one-two years. If the government had performed its duty of post-GI registration, the crisis of weavers for sari and carpet sectors could be over, he said. It could ensure further increase in the growth percentage of business in those sectors. However, he considers that GI registration is a must for all handicrafts of this region as the product IPR (intellectual property right) establishment provides legal protection to the products from outside intruders.\"The GI would bring back the manpower that had already migrated to other cities and help increase the export potential of the product, especially in markets like the UK and the US. The GI reflects the quality of product, its originality and authenticity by establishing a brand of the product in the international market. Not only has these but the per capita income of producers as well as GDP also increases by ensuring an inflow of foreign exchange,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12873751", "title": "Blanket ban on noise pollution around Corbett", "text": "DEHRADUN: Acting on the directive of the Uttarakhand high court, the state government on Wednesday imposed a blanket ban on noise pollution in a radius of 500 metres around the Corbett National Park and declared it a \"complete silence zone\".A two-judge bench of the high court gave the directive responding to a PIL filed by a local NGO. The decision will mitigate levels of noise pollution that affect the habitat of many species in one of India's best known tiger reserves.This will have a salutary effect on resorts within Corbett's outer periphery that attract numerous casual tourists who hold parties, etc., as opposed to genuine tiger-lovers who take the trouble of taking forest department's permission for a quiet foray.In its PIL, Ramnagar Himalayan Yuva Grameen Vikas Sansthan appealed to Chief Justice Barin Ghosh and Justice U C Dhyani to limit noise in the vicinity of the wildlife habitat. It expressed concern over sound amplification devices that disturb the peace of endangered species.The Sansthan also flagged concerns about encroachment of the forest area by mushrooming resort owners who hold events like parties and marriage receptions. Field director Ranjan Mishra told TOI that that the decision was taken under the Environment Protection Act, 1986.\"As per directive, a blanket ban has been imposed on sound amplification. Only municipality areas are excluded from the prohibited zone,\" said Mishra.Wildlife activists welcomed the move saying that it would boost conservation in the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12875013", "title": "Deputy commissioners asked to give land for rural courts", "text": "HAZARIBAG: At the district-level monitoring committee meeting held here on Wednesday under the chairmanship of the principal district and sessions judge Rajesh Kumar Dubey, Hazaribag deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan and Ramgarh deputy commissioner Amitabh Kaushal were asked to provide land in blocks of both the districts to construct buildings for setting up rural courts.He also told the DCs that it has been decided by the Jharkhand high court to set up rural courts for speedy disposal of cases and also to provide justice to the people at doorsteps.He said setting up of rural courts would help contain crime.Both the DCs told the principal district and sessions judge that they would take immediate steps to provide lands to the judiciary for the proposed rural courts.The issue of speeding up security measures in courts in both the districts was also discussed between Hazaribag SP Pankaj Kamboj and Ramgarh SP Anish Kumar Gupta, who also participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12873933", "title": "Jayant Jadhav NCP favourite for member of legislative council post", "text": "NASHIK: The NCP may nominate sitting member of legislative council (MLC) Jayant Jadhav once again from the Nashik local self-governing bodies' constituency, sources said. The elections for the legislative council are due on May 25 and the NCP is contemplating nominating Jadhav once again, according to sources in the party. Jayant Jadhav was elected in the bypolls in February 2011 to fill the vacant post of Dr Vasant Pawar following his sudden demise on October 7, 2010.City chief of NCP Sharad Koshire said there were chances Jadhav would again be nominated. \"Jayant Jadhav got only one-and-a-half years to perform as an MLC. The procedure for the nomination of candidates is going on and will be completed within a week,\" he said. A senior Congress leader said that district chief of the Congress, Rajaram Panghavane, is also interested in contesting the elections of the legislative council scheduled on May 25, which may affect the equations of the parties.On whether Panghavane's interest would affect the alliance,Koshire said seniors had made it clear that Congress-NCP would contest elections together, so there would be an understanding between the parties as to who will be nominated. \"Panghavane is asking to be nominated, it isn't final,\" he said. Jadhav said, \"After the zilla parishad and panchayat samiti elections, everyone has indicated that I should be nominated for the MLC's post again. If I get the chance, I will definitely accept it. I am trying for it and have the support of the senior leaders in the party,\" said Jadhav.Panghavane who has expressed a desire to be nominated, said he has asked for nomination and that he would be contesting the election. \"The decision will be taken by the MLAs and MPs of our alliance in a week or so,\" he said.Meanwhile, the leaders of the saffron alliance, when contacted said that they are not yet making any preparations for the elections and that they would act as directed by their seniors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12873846", "title": "3 chain-snatching cases in 30 minutes", "text": "MYSORE: In a span of 30 minutes, three chain-snatching incidents were reported in Vijaynagar police station limits on Tuesday.Back-to-back incidents left women residents panicking in the city. While many were buying gold ornaments as part of Akshaya Tritiya, an auspicious day to purchase gold, Ambika Patil, wife of Shivakumar Patil, lost her chain while she was walking with her friend near Divyaroopa Kalayana Mantapa in Vijaynagar. A bike-borne miscreant snatched her 30-gram gold chain around 5.50pm on Tuesday.Ten minutes later in the same road, miscreants snatched a portion of a 50-gram gold chain from Kamakshi, wife of Nagesh, when she was walking towards her friend's place. Police said, \"Since Kamakshi resisted, the chain snatcher managed to flee with only 20gm of her gold chain.\"In the third incident reported at 6.20pm, motorcycle-borne youths snatched a 40-gm gold chain from Puspavathi, wife of Raja Reddy, while she was walking towards Annapoorneshwari temple on Hebbal Stage I.All the three cases are registered in Vijaynagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12874672", "title": "Crossover cuisines a hit in alien markets", "text": "BANGALORE: Aloo bharta daal baati churma gatte ka pulao khichu, trevti daal mavinakai menaskai (tender mango cooked in black sesame and coconut based sweet and sour sauce, kothmir vonkaya koora (tender brinjals cooked in a coriander and chilly based gravy and kosha mangsho are just a few regional dishes that are making heads turn and keeping cash registers ringing across India .Traditionally Indian cuisine in India and abroad is largely associated with the generic charms of dal makhani kebabs naan and butter chicken. Now, though the tables have turned with diners across the country adopting various regional Indian cuisines -- to the extent that some restaurateurs see the demand for regional cuisines being higher than the tried-and-tested Chinese Italian and Mediterranean. Also, in a cultural crossover of sorts some of these cuisines seem to be doing better out of their home turf.Rajdhani the vegetarian thali restaurant chain that specializes in the regional cuisines of Gujarat and Rajasthan says an overwhelming majority of sales comes from its southern market. \"Our southern restaurants on an average clock 20% to 25% higher sales than our restaurants in the north\" says Gaurav Goenka MD, Mirah Group which operates 35 Rajdhani outlets across the country of which 15 are located in the south, of which nine are in Bangalore.Goenka believes that one reason for Rajdhani's success story in the south could be attributed to the fact that \"the south has always had a thali culture commonly referred to as 'meals'. Hence Rajdhani's thali has found many takers. In the south, especially Bangalore there is a large IT population with higher disposable incomes\" points out Goenka adding that in Bangalore unlike Mumbai or Delhi the frequency of repea tcustomers is four times a week.READY TO EXPERIMENTAnjan Chatterjee founder and MD, Speciality Restaurants which runs popular food chains such as Mainland China admits that when he launched Oh! Calcutta specializing in Bengali food, in the early nineties there weren't many takers for the cuisine except non-resident Bengalis. \"The dining-out culture has changed as people are now ready to experiment. Today our Oh! Calcutta restaurants across the country attract equal or probably more local diners than non-resident Bengalis\" says Chatterjee.South Indies a fine-dining restaurant chain specializing in South Indian vegetarian food, which started in Bangalore has hit gold in Pune. Dishing out the same menu and buffet spread as in Bangalore the Pune outlet, which opened in September 2011, broke even within three months. It has been clocking per day revenues equivalent to those of its outlets in Bangalore on a Sunday a day that sees peak traffic. Buoyed by the demand the restaurant chain increased its buffet price in Pune by Rs 200, but did not meet with any resistance.\"The frequency of repeat customers at our Pune restaurant is 30-40 % higher compared to Bangalore\" says Vijay Abhimanyu MD, Billionsmiles Hospitality which also runs Bon South and Up South.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875434", "title": "Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority refunds excess charge for document", "text": "NAGPUR: In a landmark decision, MHADA (Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority) has refunded excess amount charged from an applicant who had sought a document under RTI, overruling its own office circulars issued in this regard. MHADA's Nagpur office had charged the applicant for a building plan as per official rates rather rates prescribed in RTI Act. When a complaint was lodged in this regard, the head office immediately took remedial steps.This decision will help RTI applicants obtain information and documents at nominal rates from agencies that even otherwise sell the same for a fee. Most such organizations charge official rates even when information is sought under RTI Act.A local builder Balbir Singh Renu had sought building plan of MHADA's Nagpur office under RTI. At first, he was denied the information. Later, the first appellate officer agreed to provide the plan but asked Renu to pay Rs 1,000 which was MHADA's official rate for the document. When Tejinder Singh, Balbir Singh's son, authorized by him to deal with the matter, pointed out that a photocopy of the plan would cost Rs 30 at the most, MHADA officials provided him a copy of an office circular mentioning that official rates are to be charged for documents provided to applicants.The circular issued on December 21, 2009, stated that if a person wanted an ammonia print of a building or a layout, then a fee of Rs 1,000 should be charged. However, if anybody wants photocopy of a part of a building or a layout and if the document's dimension is less than A3 then Rs 200 should be charged. The circular categorically stated that if such documents were sought under RTI the charges would remain the same.On April 13, Tejinder Singh paid Rs 1,000 for obtaining the building plan. Instead of a A3 paper, the plan photocopy was prepared by joining four A4 papers. On April 17, he lodged a complaint with vice-president &amp; CEO, secretary, and legal advisor of MHADA seeking refund of the excess amount charged from him and quashing the controversial circular.Renu submitted a quotation by a xerox centre mentioning the rates for photocopy of documents of various sizes. He calculated that MHADA had not incurred a cost of more than Rs 10 in providing him the plan. He pointed out that by charging Rs 1,000 the agency was earning profit by providing information under RTI which was explicitly prohibited.The Nagpur office of MHADA issued him a cheque of Rs 990 on April 20 and he was handed it over on Wednesday. A exuberant Renu said that now his aim was to get the MHADA circular amended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12877716", "title": "RS adjourned after opposition uproar over Bofors issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP and AIADMK on Thursday stalled proceedings in the Rajya Sabha in the wake of claims made by former Swedish police chief in the alleged payoffs involved in the Bofors gun deal, forcing adjournment of the House for 15 minutes.As soon as the House met for the day, BJP and AIADMK members were on their feet alleging that the then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi had protected Italian businessman Ottavio Quattrocchi, who is alleged to have received payoff in the case.Chairman Hamid Ansari said the Question Hour will not be suspended and asked members to resume their places.\"Please allow Question Hour to proceed... The Question Hour cannot be suspended,\" he said and took up the first listed question of the day.Opposition members, however, continued their protest with some displaying the newspaper interview given by former Swedish police chief Sten Lindstrom, who had revealed that he was the person who leaked over 350 documents to an Indian journalist in the case.\"No display of newspapers please,\" Ansari told the members.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was present in the House.As the din continued, Ansari adjounred the House for 15 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "12875223", "title": "Here fountain runs dry and environment wear a shabby look", "text": "MODEL TOWN: The threat of rise in vector-borne diseases during summer is only getting worse near the Model Town market because of improper upkeep of the surroundings and a non-functional fountain in the park. The fountain has stagnant water in it all the time, facilitating mosquitoes and insects to breed, but the civic body hasn't shown any concern towards maintaining it.A tap near the fountain leaks continuously wasting a lot of water. Daljit Singh, a Sarabha Nagar resident who owns a shop in the Model Town market, says the municipal corporation has been indifferent to the problem. Even the water tank meant to supply water to the fountain is in a dismal state with a filth lying around,'' he adds.The head of shopkeepers' association of Model Town market Amarjit Singh says they had spent Rs 30,000 to repair this fountain in the past, but it turned dysfunctional again as some of its parts went missing. The civic body should maintain the overall cleanliness in the market as well,'' he adds.Another shopkeeper from the market and SBS Nagar resident Arvind Sharma says the MC had earlier claimed to provide them all basic facilities, but it doesn't even put efforts to keep the area clean. \"The food vendors in the market use the filthy water from the unclean tank and put public health at risk,'' he adds.Executive engineer of operation and maintenance cell Ravinder Garg, however, claims the fountains comes under bridges and road department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875683", "title": "Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited employees promoting rival cos?", "text": "NAGPUR: Are employees of Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) busy promoting broadband and landline services offered by rival telecom companies?Sources have told TOI that executives of the public sector telecom operator have started advising customers to switch over to private operators for uninterrupted and better services.\"BSNL has been making tall claims about extending its broadband services to every part of the city without any problem but it has failed to attend to hundreds of complaints regarding poor connectivity,\" said a customer.Two months ago, Ranjit Deshmukh (phone No. 2249653), a resident of Shivaji Nagar, lodged a complaint (1004547474788) regarding the non-functioning of both his landline and broadband connection. Since then, he has been running from pillar to post. He met officials of the customer service centre (CSC) and even the area manager. Interestingly, instead of attending to Deshmukh's complaint, a BSNL official advised him to switch over to a private operator.\"I called up the concerned officials many times. They told me that that they are unable to solve my problem because of a long-pending cable issue. They advised me to switch over to any private operator for reliable and better service,\" he said.Deshmukh's is not the only case. Many among the 45,000-odd broadband subscribers can be seen regularly visiting the BSNL office at CTO compound.Another subscriber, Madhav Soman from Ravi Nagar said that after several reminders, he has decided to discontinue BSNL and switch over to another operator.The list of complainants is quite long. \"After registering a complaint, I called up the BSNL office to get a feedback but what I got was a rude response from an official who said that the services have been hampered due to a major fault in the cable,\" said another subscriber.BSNL's principal general manager Subhash Chandra Joshi admitted that services were hit twice in the last few months but have been normalized.Joshi informed that BSNL has started commissioning equipment with a capacity of 20,000 lines and broadband services through the optical fibre network having capacity of over 8000 lines. Nagpur BSNL will soon increase its entire capacity to 75,000 lines, Joshi added.A senior BSNL official attributed complaints regarding poor broadband and landline services in many areas to old cable lines. Most of the time cables got damaged when other agencies like Nagpur Municipal Corporation and MSEDCL undertook works like road repairing or digging. Cable thefts too have added to the problem, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12875044", "title": "LPG vehicle owners worried as price hiked", "text": "BOKARO: Hike in auto gas (LPG) price has become a cause of concern for LPG vehicle owners here.In the past two months, auto gas price has almost doubled. Auto gas, which was sold at Rs 42.60 a kg before February 4, is now being sold at Rs 52.45. It was the second time on March 7, when the price of auto gas shot up by Rs 7, while in February, there was an increase of Rs 3. Auto gas is a green fuel launched by the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) a few years ago. The IOC has set up four auto gas outlets one each in Bokaro, Dhanbad and two in Jamshedpur, with an investment of Rs 2.5 crore.The joint sale of auto gas from four outlets in Jharkhand is around 15,000 litres per month. In Bokaro, the sale is around 3,600 litres per month.According to auto gas sellers, the hike in price has affected sales. Customers are unhappy with the hike. Kumar Service Station, which has an auto gas dispensing station near Nayamore, the only LPG refuelling station in the district, is feeling the pinch.Amardeep, owner of the service station, said earlier, the price of auto gas was Rs 23 cheaper than petrol, and now it is only Rs 13. The IOC chief engineer, U P Chattopadhaya, said auto gas is a free product and its price depends on the international market. He indicated that the price of auto gas will decrease by Rs 5 in May. \"I am sure that from the next month, the price of auto gas will go down,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873541", "title": "Villagers relax as tiger caught", "text": "LUCKNOW: The villagers living in fear of the tiger in Rahmankhera heaved a sigh of relief on Wednesday. For villagers it was a four-month old reign of terror which ended with the tiger getting tranquilised and trapped.The worst affected were the three villages of Ulrapur, Dugauli and Meethenagar. The villagers had, in fact, stopped going inside the forest in the evening. \"This was enough to affect us as we are dependent on forest for lot of our needs,\" said a villager of Dugauli.The three villages are situated within the 2-km stretch around the campus of Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH), Malihabad. The entire area had been reeling under tiger scare for all these months. \"The forest department officers were telling us to stay indoors all the time and this was affecting our day-to-day work, we could not go out in the fields and work,\" said another villager. The villagers working in the city used to first inform their family members before reaching home every evening so that people armed with lathis could reach the entry road and escort them home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875441", "title": "'Don't remove slums from National Fire Service College land'", "text": "NAGPUR: NCP corporator Prakash Gajbhiye once again demanded that Raj Nagar slum dwellers should not be evicted for expanding National Fire Service College (NFSC). He submitted a memorandum to NFSC director Shamim, which was forwarded to union home ministry by the officer.Gajbhiye tried to convey the impression that Shamim was sympathetic to the cause of slum dwellers citing the letter. However, Shamim said that this was not the first time that he had forwarded such letters. \"It is my duty to forward the grievance of citizens to my higher ups. As a government officer I have neither taken nor can take a stand on such matters.\"Addressing a press conference on Wednesday, Gajbhiye said that the slum came into existence before 1995 and names of all residents were in voters' list. \"Everybody has a ration card. The slum has basic amenities like electric poles, water pipe lines and borewells. What is the point in displacing 3,000 poor people,\" he asked.Gajbhiye said that the slum occupied only 1.5 acre of the 40 acre land and could be easily spared. \"So far not a single slum has been rehabilitated in Nagpur. The SRA scheme is a complete failure. The residents are hundred per cent certain that they wont be rehabilitating in Nari,\" he claimed.The NCP leader said that as per a state government GR issued in 2002, the rehabilitation of slum dwellers should be done at the same place by providing them land plots. The GR also states that the pre-1995 slums existing on land belonging to central government or its institutions should not be relocated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873862", "title": "Barkas to go tech-savvy, works for e-library to start soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Winds of change are being felt in several Old City areas and Barkas is no exception. Though development had taken a backseat in Barkas for decades, things are all set to change. A swanky e-library is on the cards in this neighbourhood where more children, both boys and girls, are now going to schools and colleges than in the past.Locals, the Arab-Indian populace of Barkas, share that they are indeed witnessing the change taking place. \"We don't have the statistics. But we can tell you that now we have engineers and doctors and other professionals from this locality,\" Khalid bin Abdullah, a middle-aged businessman, said.It was in 2011 that the residents of Barkas voiced their demand for a library. A survey by local leaders in collaboration with civil society organizations of 2000 households conducted in the area shed light on the demands of the residents. Among those was a demand for a new library with facilities for the tech-savvy youngsters of the area. When chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy visited Barkas last year during the Rachabanda, foundation stone for the e-library was laid. But the proposal has taken a year to finally translate into work.Ayesha Rubina, GHMC co-option member associated with ward development in Barkas, said that work on the library would be starting soon. \"Earlier it was not clear if GHMC officials or the officials of the Directorate of Public Libraries would take up the work. That has now been resolved. The officials of the libraries department are set to take up construction and management of the library at an estimated cost of Rs 50 lakh. Work is likely to begin in two weeks,\" she said. It would take about a year for the new library to start functioning, she added.The new library will come up in the vicinity of the Barkas football ground where an old library exists. For decades now, the residents of Barkas, Chandrayangutta and surrounding areas have had to contend with the existing library which is in a crumbling state with the books in dire need of restoration.Rubina said that the new library is expected to start operations with 15 computers and access to online library database.\"We have few tentative plans as to how the e-library would function under the aegis of the public libraries officials but the details will be worked out after the infrastructure is in place. More books will be procured and restoration of old books will also be considered,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12874220", "title": "High Court directs police to protect Bathinda lesbian couple", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday directed police protection for a Bathinda lesbian couple facing death threats.Swaran Kaur, 20, a police constable, and her childhood friend, Harsharan Kaur, 28, moved the court, saying they have been forced to go into hiding as their families were threatening to kill them for their relationship. The couple, from Bathinda district's Blahar Vinjhu village, have been staying together for the last nine months. They appeared before the court briefly.\"Hardeep Kaur (mother), Harbhajan Kaur (sister), Jaswinder Singh (brother) are family members of Harsharan Kaur, and Jagpal Dass (father), Mukhtiar Kaur (mother), Bhupinder Singh (brother) are family members of Swaran Kaur, who are opposing our relationship,\" they told the court.The couple sought protection citing the Delhi high court's 2009 judgment legalizing same sex relationship. The two pleaded that that they are in a lesbian relationship which is not punishable under any provision of law. They said they moved the court for protection only after they failed to settle the matter amicably. \"Our adamant family members are bent on eliminating us,'' they said.\"We have not committed any offence. We are major and capable of differentiating between right and wrong. We are living in hiding and can be eliminated when traced by our families,\" the couple said in their petition.Swaran, who is posted at Maur police station in Bathinda, said she is in government service and could maintain her partner as in any other relationship. She told the court that the Bathinda SSP ignored her plea to provide them protection from their families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "12873979", "title": "Silent zone to ring Corbett", "text": "DEHRADUN: Acting on the directive of the Uttarakhand high court, the state government on Wednesday imposed a blanket ban on noise pollution in a radius of 500 metres around the Corbett National Park and declared it a \"complete silence zone\".A two-judge bench of the high court gave the directive responding to a PIL filed by a local NGO. The decision will mitigate levels of noise pollution that affect the habitat of many species in one of India's best known ti-ger reserve.This will have a salutary effect on resorts within Corbett's outer periphery which attract numerous casual tourists who hold parties, etc as opposed to genuine tiger-lovers who take the trouble of taking forest department's permission for a quiet foray.In its PIL, the Ramnagar Himalayan Yuva Grameen Vikas Sansthan appealed to Chief Justice Barin Ghosh and Justice U C Dhyani to limit noise in the vicinity of the wildlife habitat.It expressed concern over sound amplification devices which disturb the peace of endangered species. The Sansthan also flagged concerns about encroachment of the forest area by mushrooming resorts which hold events like parties and marriage receptions.Field director Ranjan Mishra told TOI that the decision was taken under the Environment Protection Act, 1986. \"As per directive, a blanket ban has been imposed on sound amplification. Only municipality areas are excluded from the prohibited zone,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12873982", "title": "Gurgaon doesn\u2019t have a heart for baby girls", "text": "GURGAON: Another baby girl was found abandoned in the city on Wednesday afternoon near a heap of garbage at the old jail complex.A senior police officer confirmed that a three- or four-day-old girl was found and has been kept in the Neo-natal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) of the Civil Hospital.\"The baby's vital signs are normal. She has been kept in the NICU as a precautionary measure because of her premature birth.\" Said Dr Umesh Mehta, Head of Paediatrics department at the Civil Hospital, Gurgaon. The city police have lodged an FIR against the unknown parents under Section 317 IPC and are trying to trace them.Passers-by saw the baby around 3pm and informed the police. She was found wrapped in a shawl near a garbage heap at the old jail complex.This comes a week after a one-and-a half-month-old girl was abandoned by a couple at the same hospital. This is the fourth case of a girl child being abandoned in the city in the recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12875585", "title": "Auto union now wants drivers to earn at least Rs 3. 4 lakh pa", "text": "Auto drivers now want a fare hike which includes compensation for fines paid to the traffic police and RTO every month.This was revealed at a meeting between auto unions from Mumbai, Thane and the rest of Maharashtra with the one-member PMA Hakim committee, with most unions suggesting that they wanted at least a Rs3-4 hike in fares. One of the demands by the Mumbai Rickshawmens Union in its memorandum was to consider expenses of Rs 500 per month (Rs 6, 000 annually) towards traffic fines while devising the new formula for a fare hike.While union members felt it was a practical suggestion and justified for drivers, consumer activists and commuters were fuming. Why should we pay extra fares for fines which are paid by errant and reckless drivers said Deepak Das, a Navi Mumbai resident. He said that auto drivers who break traffic rules, pay fines for refusals and meter-tampering should do so from their own pockets.Another suggestion by the union was to consider Rs 1, 600 per month as a provision for old age pension and health problems. Our drivers suffer from severe back problems and arthritis after years of driving. They need to visit physiotherapists and go in for expensive medical treatment. We do not have any special autorickshaw fund, bonus or pension for drivers. This amount should be reserved for that purpose, said Frederick DSa, union working president.The meeting with Hakim was attended by auto unions from the Shiv Sena, Maharashtra Navnirman Sena and other political parties. The biggest union led by Sharad Rao did not make any suggestion but sought 15 days time for its own submissions.Taxi unions and consumer activists will file suggestions before the Hakim committee on Thursday. Taximen plan to demand a Rs 3 hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12875147", "title": "Main roads-bypass linking, flyovers to ease traffic woes", "text": "INDORE: In a bid to tackle traffic chaos, city main roads will get connected to bypass for easing growing congestion. A decision to this effect was taken at a high-level meeting presided over by divisional commissioner on Wednesday to discuss projects and their growth in Indore.Divisional Commissioner Prabhat Prashar said a proposal in this regard would be sent to the state government by June 10. The project is important to deal with future traffic problems, he said.Besides connecting roads, the decision has also been taken to make flyovers for smooth flow of traffic. IMC officers have been instructed to identify places perennially facing traffic jams.On water problem, mayor Kirshnamurari Moghe, who was present at the meeting, stressed the need for a comprehensive plan on water supply and sewerage system. \"Currently, Narmada water is being supplied and the sewerage project is being worked out,\" said Moghe. In order to give relief to commuters from ever increasing prices of CNG, the district administration will seek financial help from the state government to run a public transport system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12875148", "title": "Ruling BJD on the backfoot", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Maoist announcement to release Laxmipur legislator Jhina Hikaka after holding him hostage for over a month might have come as a big relief for the state government, but the ruling BJD has been forced on the backfoot.Informing the public about its move to free Hikaka at Balipeta in Narayanpatna block's Koraput district on Thursday morning, the Maoists' Andhra-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC), in an audio tape, said it was decided at a \"praja court\" (Kangaroo court) held on April 23 and 24 that Hikaka would resign as MLA post-release. \"He has given a written undertaking to this effect in the praja court,\" an AOBSZC leader identifying herself as Aruna said.Aruna said Hikaka has told the praja court he would resign as MLA and also sever his ties with BJD, live the life of an ordinary person and work for tribals. The audio tape in Odia said at the praja court people blamed Hikaka of having failed as an MLA by not being able stop the government's \"anti-people\" measures such as Operation Greenhunt' police operations and alleged excesses and atrocities against innocent people.The Maoists insisting on Hikaka's resignation has come as a setback for BJD and fuelled the possibility of Maoist-backed Chasi Muliya Adibasi Sangh (CMAS) president Nachika Linga contesting polls from Laxmipur in future. \"It would set a bad precedent and send the message that Red rebels can ensure who would be the people's representatives in areas dominated by them,\" a senior BJD leader said.Senior BJD leader Damodar Rout told TOI, \"We are concerned about Hikaka's safe release. Whether he would continue as MLA or not would be entirely his decision.\"While the ruling party seems divided over what Hikaka should do once he is out of Maoist captivity, sources said the Maoists were initially reluctant to seek Hikaka's ouster but subsequently bowed down to pressure from Linga. The political aspirations of Linga have of late become all too obvious. Days after the BJD MLA was kidnapped on March 23 night, Linga had demanded Hikaka's resignation at a public meeting in Narayanpatna and withdrawal of cases against him. Linga's demands were seen as a bid to enter electoral politics, something that could go against Hikaka's future in politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12874041", "title": "3 nurses hurt as buses collide", "text": "GURGAON: Three nurses were injured and some others received minor injuries when their Medicity staff bus was hit by a private bus near Bakhtawar Chowk early on Wednesday morning. An FIR was lodged against the unknown driver of the private bus by Sadar police station.A private bus driver hit Medicity's Swaraj Mazda bus, which was ferrying 22 nurses to the hospital, from behind about 200 metres from Medicity and near Bakhtawar Chowk around 7am. The collision was so strong that the hospital bus driver lost control of his bus, which fell on its side.The private bus driver fled the spot. Traffic police and Sadar police took out the injured nurses from the bus and admitted them to the hospital. \"The private bus was speeding near the chowk when the bus driver lost control and hit our bus\", said Vivekanand, the driver of medicity staff bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12874323", "title": "Chennai walkers slip to bottom of safety charts", "text": "CHENNAI: So, what are your chances of being run over or stranded for lack of pedestrian crossings on Chennai's roads? According to the results of a comparative study on 'Walkability in Indian Cities', you could consider yourself lucky to survive on foot in Chennai.The study conducted by the Delhi-based Clean Air Initiative (CAI) puts Chennai, with an overall score of 40 out of 100, behind all other cities surveyed, including Indore (42), Surat (43), Bangalore (45), Bhubaneswar (50) and Pune (54).The study took nine parameters into consideration such as motorist behaviour, grade crossing safety, availability of crossing, security from crime, availability of walking path and disability infrastructure into account. Chennai scored the lowest or second lowest on six parameters, including disability infrastructure, motorist behaviour, grade crossing and walkability. The ratings directly point to lack of safety for the city's pedestrians, many of whom feel intimidated and threatened by motorists, said researchers.To start with, Chennai scored a poor 45 out of 100 for motorist behaviour, compared to Surat's 49, Rajkot's 53 and Pune's 60. \"We asked pedestrians how they feel about motorists on the road. Do they slow down and signal people to move? We found that motorists in Chennai drive around literally in desperation and a hurry,\" said Parthaa Bosu from CAI.The city also lacks basic facilities such as zebra crossings, grade crossings and pavements on many roads, compared to smaller cities such as Bhubaneswar and Pune, said Bosu. \"There are places like Rajkot where sidewalks are small or do not even exist, but not too many motor vehicles drive by, so it does not affect that many people like it does in Chennai,\" he said.Low scores in motorist behaviour and availability of crossings reflect the time it takes to cross a road, which also ranks it as dangerous. \"On a road like Purasawalkam High Road, Poonamallee High Road, or even Whites Road now, it takes more than seven minutes to cross a road, because there are no signals and cars never stop. Even when we frantically wave our hands, they don't stop for us,\" said Bhavna Rao, a genetic researcher and commuter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "12874000", "title": "Cops grope in dark over nude worship", "text": "MANDYA: Police are clueless about who was responsible for Bettale Seve (nude worship) in Mandya on Tuesday. Residents of Tamil Colony gave them no information about people who forced two girls, aged 8 and 14, to worship in the buff at Mariyamma festival.NGOs in Mandya also didn't help police. A police team that went to Tamil Colony, adjacent to Mandya Medical College, returned empty-handed.Additional SP Rajanna said all efforts to gather details about the incident yielded no results, with everybody in the locality turning away from police. They had a ready reply: \"We don't know anything about the incident\". \"Even mediapersons who claimed of have video footage of the incident failed to provide it to us for reasons best known to them,\" Rajanna added.However, Yatish, a reporter of a private TV news channel, said he would hand over the CD to police by Thursday.State Women's Commission member V Mythili, a lawyer, said she will ask Mandya police to take action. \"I have taken cognizance of the incident and I am writing to police.\"Bettale Seve, once performed in Chandragutti village in Sorab taluk of Shimoga district, is banned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874485", "title": "Constable found dead outside police lines", "text": "JAIPUR: A police constable was found dead near the CID-CB wing of the Rajasthan police in Brahmpuri locality, triggering panic in the area. Hundreds of the policemen gathered at the spot and were stunned to see the dead body of their fellow man.A team of senior police officers reached the spot after the body was found on Wednesday morning in front of CID-CB lines where the constable was residing with his colleagues. He was identified as Shubhkaran Jaat (45), a native of Mandawa village in Jhunjhunu district.\"Though initially the policemen were clueless with regard to the cause of death, later it was found that he died a natural death, and heart attack could have been the cause,\" a police official said.The police officers spoke to people in the CID-CB area who knew him personally and it was found that he was ill for a long time.He was also having problems including high blood pressure.\"He was ill for a long time and prima facie it appears that he died of heart attack. But actual reason would be ascertained only after post-mortem,\" said an officer with the Brahmpuri police station.Asked if the deceased had some injury marks, the officer said, \"No external injury marks were found on the body but if he had some internal injury that would be ascertained only after the post-mortem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873814", "title": "State begins crackdown on erring scanning centres", "text": "HYDERABAD: After keeping the implementation of the Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act in abeyance for the last four years, the state health department seems to have finally woken up. It is now gearing up for a fresh crackdown on the erring scanning centres. Apart from a series of sensitization workshops proposed for health professionals this year, each of the districts have been given targets to conduct random inspections of at least 3% of the registered scanning centres in their jurisdiction every month.Also, a dedicated legal consultant, a woman, has been appointed at the Commissioner Health and Family Welfare to assist the government in fighting the court cases. So far, all the cases filed under the Act are pending in various courts. Furthermore, officials informed that the last year's budget allocation for the implementation of the Act amounting to Rs 1.94 crore along with the current year's allocation of Rs 2.82 crore would be pumped in to check the sharp drop in the female sex ratio in the state. The Child Sex Ratio (CSR) of AP has dropped sharply from 961 girls per 1,000 boys to 943 girls per 1,000 boys during the last decade.Praveen Prakash, commissioner, health and family welfare, said that under the revised format, sanctions have been given for using decoy customers and active surveillance by way of regular inspections. \"All the districts in the state would be conducting awareness workshops and there would be active surveillance,\" Prakash said. In Hyderabad, Rangareddy districts, 13 workshops will be conducted this year, officials said.In a major accomplishment, officials seized 16 ultrasound machines in the state last week. Four ultrasound machines were seized from Hyderabad-based Life Spring (Secunderabad), Sai Vani Hospital (Domalguda), Vijay Marie Hospital, and Dhruv Medical Centre (Secunderabad). This apart, five other scanning centres were served showcause notices. The rest of the machines have been seized in Vizianagaram, Warangal, Rangareddy and Kurnool districts.Dr Raja Prasanna Kumar, additional director, commissioner of health and family welfare, said money has been released to all the districts for using decoy customers to trap the non-complying professionals. Each woman posing as a decoy customer would be paid Rs 500 henceforth. He added that orders have been issued for the rest of the district heads to appoint part-time legal consultants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12874134", "title": "Boy rescued from Karbi Anglong cave", "text": "GUWAHATI: The crime branch of city police, with the help of Morigaon police, rescued Mrinmoy Kakati (19), a student of a city-based private college on Tuesday night from Karbi Anglong, who was missing since the morning of April 18.The police also arrested three persons involved in the kidnapping. The arrested were later identified as Moti Deuri, Romen Konwar and Jiten Inghi.On April 20, Mrinomoy's family registered a kidnapping case at the Odalbakra police outpost here after the boy did not return home. Though initially the boy was suspected of running away from house, the family later confirmed that he had been abducted and they had received a ransom call from the abductors.The kidnappers demanded Rs 50 lakh as ransom money, which the family refused to give. Mrinomoy's father, S R Kakoti, is an employee of the Rural Electrification Programme scheme.A source spotted Mrinomoy in Jorabat and informed the police.\"Our sources said that the boy was taken towards Nellie in Morigaon district and our search team rescued him from a cave in hills located in the bordering areas of Morigaon and Karbi Anglong districts,\" said additional SP (crime) A Sinha.Mrinomoy was kept in a cave in the hills of Marlak area under Baithalangshu PS in Karbi Anglong, some 25 km from Nellie.After being rescued, the boy said: \"I've known Moti Deuri for some time now. He was taking me to Karbi Anglong to see some broom samples as we were planning to start a business. On the way, two people in dressed in camouflage emerged from the jungle and snatched my bike and took me to the cave. They threatened me with a machete and a dagger.\"According to police, the boy was lured by Deuri, who used to be the driver of Mrinomoy's neighbour. \"Moti Deuri is one of the planners of the kidnapping. He lured the boy in the name of broom business,\" added Sinha.Though the involvement of Karbi Anglong-based militants was initially suspected in the case, police denied any such links. \"We found camouflage jackets from the rescue spot but this doesn't indicate any link to any rebel outfits. It is a criminal case,\" he added.The crime branch on Tuesday night also succeeded in catching two kingpins in the dacoity case that occurred in Beltola and Gorchuk areas last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12874627", "title": "Cop order seeking tenant information stayed", "text": "CHENNAI: The controversial order of the Chennai police, asking house owners to furnish information relating to tenants in a prescribed format before April 30, was stayed by the Madras high court on Wednesday.The first bench comprising chief justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam stayed the operation of the order in its entirety on a public interest petition filed by advocate S Jim Raj Milton. The bench then adjourned the matter till after the court's summer vacation for further hearing.On March 29, the same bench had restrained the police from taking any action against house owners who fail to furnish the details of their tenants before the deadline of April 30. The earlier order said: \"The (police) order shall not be suspended. But no criminal action should be taken for violation of the order.\"Days after the two bank dacoities and the subsequent encounter killing of five suspects involved in the incidents, the city police issued the order, ostensibly to build a data bank of tenants hailing from other states residing in the city.The order issued under Section 144 of the Code of Criminal Procedure on March 3 asked house owners to furnish all information relating to their tenants before April 30. As per the order, demographic information including name, age, father's name, occupation details and identity proof were required to be submitted, along with mobile numbers of the house owner and the tenant.Those who fail to submit such information, the order said, would be prosecuted under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, which provides for imprisonment up to one month for disobeying orders of public servants.The police's decision to collect the data of tenants, migrant workers and students from other states had come under criticism, and two PILs too were filed in the high court. Noting that this type of data collection was not regulated under any specific law, the petitioner said the police sought to implement its decision by circumventing the procedure established by law. Describing it as an arbitrary and excessive use of power, the PIL said seeking such details would amount to police surveillance. The petitioner wanted the court to direct the police to destroy all the records and information already collected from the residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12878128", "title": "Aamir to attend rickshaw driver son's wedding", "text": "Aamir Khan was on his way to a wedding. Rickshaw driver Ram Lakhan, who had taken the actor around the city on an earlier trip had invited Aamir for his son Rajeev's wedding in Banaras.And of course, the actor did not want to miss out. He obviously did not want to miss out on some traditional litti chokha either. And so, while traveling from Patna to Banaras by road, the actor stopped at a shop to taste some.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12874402", "title": "Two-day celebration in honour of Jain ascetic", "text": "KERI: The coming weekend will see the otherwise reticent Jain community in Goa celebrate the silver jubilee of its religious leader Hiteshchandra Vijayji's stepping into asceticism.In a rare appearance in the state, Vijayji is in Margao as part of his journey to South India. He told TOI, \"We want to change the image of Goa from a land of fun, frolic and material enjoyment to a holy land of yoga and human values.\"To celebrate their spiritual leader, the Digambar and Shwetambar Jain sects have come together to organize cultural and religious activities at the Shri Sumatinath Jain Mandir at Pajifond, Margao.Chandrakant Bhoje Patil of Ponda said, \"We want to make Goa a model state with Swamiji's blessings.\"Bharat Goda added, \"We have already initiated the R N Vekriwala Jain Clinic at Pajifond where free medical check-ups are carried out irrespective of religion and caste. We want to continue such humanitarian work.\"Patil stressed the need to also preserve the historic Jain shrines and sculptures in Goa for posterity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873218", "title": "Saudi man caught with fake currency", "text": "MUMBAI: Airport customs officials on Wednesday arrested Mohammed Bandar, 31, a naval captain from Saudi Arabia for smuggling in Rs 45,000 fake Indian currency. Officials said Bandar had obtained it from an authorized money dealer in Saudi Arabia. He was caught when he tried to pass off it as genuine at a pre-paid taxi counter.The incident has brought to focus the issue of granting bail to those arrested under the Customs Act and Central Excise Act. A September 30 order of the SC made these offences bailable but the 2012 finance bill proposal of making it non-bailable was termed draconian by the opposition.\"Officials said that they make arrests only in cases of mis-declaration causing money laundering. When there is a dispute on the interpretation of the existing laws to arrive at the duty, we do not arrest. It's more of a technical issue,\"' a customs official said. ''For instance, the SC order allows fake currency smugglers caught by the Customs to be released on bail immediately. The fake currency will damage the economy and also fund the terror network,'' the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12873977", "title": "Bombay high court hands over emu eggs 'fraud' probe to state CID", "text": "NASHIK: There is finally a ray of hope for investors from Bhagur, Deolali Camp, Nashik Road and Nashik who lost their money in the financial scheme floated by Indian Emu Pvt Ltd. The Bombay high court on Tuesday issued a directive for the investigation of the financial company to be handed over to the state's criminal investigation department (CID).The order from the Bombay high court came in response to the writ petition filed by tehsil president of the BJP Ratan Chavala through advocate Uday Varunjikar. The petition by Chavala claimed that investors were duped of crores of rupees, and that the probe by the local police had not proceeded any further in exposing the masterminds behind the scheme.Since January 2011, a large number of people had focused their attention on the developments of Indian Emu Pvt Ltd, which promised double or triple the invested amount within 45 days. Investors were told that Emuss would be bred and their eggs could be sold for Rs 2,000 each. The investors were asked to deposit the value of at least 50 eggs. Initially, people were given returns as assured, but subsequently the assured returns stopped.Ratan Chavala had filed a writ petition saying investors in Nashik must have lost at least Rs 100 crore in the scheme. However, very few people have come forward to lodge complaints in this regard as it will mean giving clarification to the investigating authorities about the source of income for investing the money.According to sources, a large number of people from the Bhagur and Deolali Camp areas and from other parts of the state had invested money into the scheme. When the investors learned that they had been taken for a ride, a complaint was lodged with the Deolali Camp police station in February 2011. However, after initial arrests and recovery of some money, the investigation did not proceed further. There was a rising discontent among the investors in connection with the probe and they were pressing for a CID enquiry into the case.Chavala claimed many politicians were also involved in the scheme, due to which the investigation by the local authorities did not move further after a certain point. He alleged that this was evident from the fact that not a single known politician from Bhagur, Deolali Camp or from the district had come forward to press for a detailed enquiry into the scheme. No one has assured investors that their money would be returned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "12874029", "title": "Prince Andrew to visit Nagaland war cemetery", "text": "KOHIMA: Prince Andrew, Duke of York and the third child of Queen Elizabeth II , will visit Kohima on May 1 to commemorate the Queen's 60 years on the throne. Highly placed sources said that he is expected to visit the World War II cemetery and war memorial during his visit. The Duke of York will be on a tour of India from April 29 to May 6 and also visit Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Kolkata to commemorate the occasion.Nagaland chief secretary Lalthara on Wednesday said that Prince Andrew and with five other dignitaries will visit Kohima on May 1 and Nagaland cabinet meeting held on Tuesday at the Chief Minister's residential office decided to \"heartily welcome the Prince to Kohima\" with all possible assistance and courtesies. It was learnt that the chief secretary has been made in-charge to coordinate the visit and assign responsibilities to officers and departments concerned to ensure smooth flow of the programme.Kohima holds a very special place in world history as this is where the Japanese advance into mainland Asia was finally halted by Allied British-led troops during World War II. The Japanese had overrun Burma and were advancing into India when British forces, assisted by Naga troops, forced them to retreat at Kohima. The Battle of Kohima accounted for approximately 4,000 British casualties and the site of one of the war's bloodiest battles, Garrison Hill in April 1944, houses the War Cemetery with 2,337 graves and memorials to the fallen soldiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12876548", "title": "Pakistan PM Yousuf Raza Gilani convicted in contempt case, given 30-second symbolic punishment", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's Supreme Court has convicted Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani in the contempt of court case for failing to act on its directives to reopen graft cases against President Asif Ali Zardari .However, the court did give him a jail term and instead gave him a symbolic punishment of sentence for '30 seconds', according to TV reports.Gilani, surrounded by his supporters, walked out of the court smiling.According to Pak media, after the judgement Gilani stands disqualified as member of parliament.Earlier on Tuesday, a seven-judge bench headed by Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk had reserved its judgement in the case after the completion of arguments by the defence and the prosecution.Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk had asked Gilani's counsel, Aitzaz Ahsan , to ensure that the premier is present in court when the verdict is announced on Thursday.The Supreme Court had been pressuring the government to revive cases of alleged money laundering against Zardari in Switzerland since December 2009, when it struck down a graft amnesty issued by former military ruler Pervez Musharraf .Gilani refused to act, saying the President enjoyed immunity within Pakistan and abroad. Gilani had appeared in the apex court twice before and had decided to fight the case.Even after he was formally charged with contempt of court on February 13, Gilani insisted that he would rather be jailed than approach the Swiss authorities to reopen the cases against the president.The premier has said throughout the proceedings in the apex court that he had done nothing against the government's rules of business.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12875502", "title": "Super 30 founder Anand Kumar for single MCQ test for IIT-JEE", "text": "PATNA: Super 30 founder and mathematician, Anand Kumar, whose pioneering initiative has helped 236 students from the underprivileged sections of the society successfully chase the IIT-JEE dream, on Tuesday night met Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal at his Delhi residence to discuss reforms in the entrance test to the coveted institutions to make the process more inclusive.Welcoming Sibal's efforts for reducing dependency on coaching institutes to pass these tough examinations, Anand stressed the need for a level playing field for one and all. He called for efforts \"to reduce the urban-rural divide\" so that bright students from rural areas can come forward.He, however, differed from the view that introduction of aptitude test and weightage to Plus Two board results will do away with dependency on coaching institutes. \"Considering the reality of schools, particularly in rural areas, the students will now be under more pressure trying to deal with the challenges on three fronts -- preparing for Plus Two, the subject test for IIT-JEE and the new aptitude test -- and the coaching institutes will make more money,\" he said.Talking to TOI over phone, he said that these institutes were, in fact, trying to \"cash in\" on the new trend and asserted that there could be no alternative to good schooling.Batting for a single multiple choice question (MCQ) test based on Plus Two syllabus for a fair chance to students from all background, Kumar said that if AIIMS can admit students through single test, IIT-JEE can also do it.\"For adhering to Plus Two syllabus fully, the subject experts from both IIT-JEE and CBSE can jointly prepare the questions,\" he said, noting that this will help in setting a more \"balanced\" paper, keeping in mind the level of studies in CBSE and state board schools as well as requirements of IITs. \"This will not only minimize dependency on private coaching centres, but also reduce stress on students, ultimately making them more serious right from the school level,\" said Anand who provides free residential coaching to 30 students from the weaker section of the society.Sibal and Anand also held discussions on issues like three chances for rural students in JEE. Anand said that the minister assured him that all the points would be considered while initiating a new pattern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gk veedhi (visakhapatnam)", "code": "12873957", "title": "3 tribals lose lives in mine collapse", "text": "GK VEEDHI (VISAKHAPATNAM): Digging for semi-precious stones proved costly for three tribesmen who were buried alive in a quarry at GK Veedhi mandal's Nallabelli after it caved in on Tuesday.Although the mishap took place in the evening, forest officials were unable to reach the spot before Wednesday morning. After more than 100 tribals had searched for six hours, the bodies of the three victims were recovered from the hill at an elevation of 200 metres.The victims have been identified as Sinderi Balanna, 45 (Nallabelli village), Vantala Sankara Rao, 25 (Godugu Mamidi) and Cherrigi Balayya (Lanka Veedhi). Three others are learnt to have sustained serious injuries but authorities are yet to trace them. As word of the mishap got round, villagers of Godugu Mamidi rushed to the site where they managed to pull out the body of Sankara Rao.At the time of the mishap, 20 tribals were illegally mining the top of the hill in the reserve forest area in search of semi-precious stones.In their search for stones, the tribals burrowed deep to go 10 metres into the hill. However, the incessant rain lashing the area has made the soil loose and it soon caved in as a result.According to sources, a group of traders has employed local tribals to dig up semi-precious stones. \"Police have information about the illegal mining but have not dared to venture into the area as it is a Maoist stronghold,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12875053", "title": "'Humanity should be placed above science'", "text": "RANCHI: \"Science is for human beings, so place humanity above science\" was the moral for the school children who participated in an awareness programme held for them under the title 'Nuclear energy pros and cons: The future of nuclear energy in India'.The meet was organized by the International Library and Cultural Centre (IILC) on its premises on Wednesday.The programme was held to enhance knowledge of children about future energy needs, especially nuclear energy. \"Many students from various schools from across the city participated in this programme. The main aim was to make them aware through the medium of documentary film as visuals appeal to children. Then a panel discussion was held where the guests were Dr Ramesh Saran, an economist, Nitish Priyadarshi, an environmentalist and Shriprakash, a documentary film maker and an activist ,\" said Jyoti Bajaj, deputy managing trustee and cultural secretary of IILC.Children should decide themselves about the pros and cons of nuclear energy. \"They should choose their own way and be open-minded to select the form of energy to be used in future as they are at the nascent age. Energy is something which will be more in demand in the coming times,\" said Priyadarshi, an environmentalist.On the issue of nuclear energy, Priyadarshi said, \"The nuclear power plants should be installed in barren lands so that the population residing in the nearby areas shouldn't be affected due to radiation of nuclear energy which can be harmful for them. People are not aware about this energy due to which the responsibility of the government is to involve them and take any further decision.\"Reiterating the similar demand of involvement of the common masses Shriprakash, documentary filmmaker and a social activist, said, \"We are living in such a time period where we will need energy. We need to compete with the world. So for that we need to make things transparent and democratic which will involve people. The trend which we see is that on any issue it's the bureaucrats and politicians who take decisions.\"The students who participated also agreed on these broader issues which are surrounded around the topic of nuclear energy.\"It was a good opportunity where we get to learn more than what we study. We came to know about the struggles of the people protesting against the Koodankulam project in Tamil Nadu through the movie Radiation story part three. The government should involve people and not make them alienated in this whole process,\" said Utkarsh Sinha, a class X student of Delhi Public School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12875741", "title": "Power distribution head makes surprise visit at power substation", "text": "VARANASI: The managing director of Poorvanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Ltd (PVVNL), VV Pant, made a surprise visit to outskirts to take stock of power supply, billing and infrastructural facilities on Wednesday.Making an inspection of Harahua power sub station, the MD instructed the executive engineer (distribution) to transfer the heavy power load of Badagaon feeder to newly constructed Kuri sub station in the area. He also instructed the officials to ensure proper billing in trural areas after noticing irregularity in the work.Later, apart from visiting the rural areas, the MD also inspected the revenue collection centres at Nagar Nigam and Kashi Vidypith centres in the city. He also instructed the officials to extend the timing of collection by one hour to last till 5 pm in the evening. A number of senior power officials including chief engineer (distribution), ML Sharma amongst others were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12874594", "title": "City to get 150 new buses", "text": "CHENNAI: The city will get 150 new buses soon. This is among the various announcements, including GPS systems and e-ticketing facilities for all buses, to be made by the transport minister in the state assembly on May 7.Managing directors of all the seven transport corporations in the state met in the minister's cell on Wednesday to finalise the decisions.In November last year, 176 buses were announced and 33 were added to the MTC fleet last month. \"The rest will be added shortly,\" said a senior MTC official. The corporation now has 3,497 buses, about 10% of which are used as spare vehicles. Officials say the new buses will be used to increase the frequency of services or extend existing routes. \"No new routes have been planned. The demand on existing routes will first be catered to,\" said the official. Experts say at least 1,000 more buses are need to cater to the demand. \"MTC should look to have about 7,200 buses by 2017,\" says Shreya Gadepalli of the Institute of Transportation and Development Policy.Transport corporations in the state are also looking forward to implementing GPRS-based e-tickets. E-tickets that look like existing ones will be connected to a server that will collect information such as number of tickets sold on a particular stretch, the frequency of services and the running time. The machines will help plug revenue leakages through sale of old unused tickets and prevent human errors while entering daily sales. They will also help plan bus frequency according to the data collected.Apart from the GPRS-enabled e-ticketing machines, MTC is looking to enabling all its buses with GPS. Some 500 buses on 15 routes, including High Court-Vandalur Zoo (A18), HC-Tambaram (18A) and Broadway-Saidapet (18K), have GPS systems presently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12873198", "title": "27-year-old falls into drain, dies", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 27-year-old youth employed as a marketing executive with a private firm in the city died after he fell into a drain near Karthika Mills in Singanallur early Wednesday morning. The body was found a few hours after the incident as there was no power in the locality following the heavy showers on Tuesday night.\"The victim accidently fell into the drain as it was difficult to see, with puddles of water spread across the road. He was found lying in the drain at around 4.30 am on Wednesday morning,\" said K Dhanalakshmi, Sub Inspector, Traffic Investigation Wing, East.According to police, the victim S Pravin (27) was returning home from official work early Wednesday morning when he met with the accident. He rode into the drain located on the side of the road near the mill.Police said Pravin had sustained severe head injuries and could not be saved even though he was rushed to CMCH. His body has been handed over to relatives. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12877587", "title": "Rajesh Khanna admitted in Bandra hospital", "text": "It was out of the deepest concern that this diarist had reported about Rajesh Khanna's ailment and subsequent recovery.Unfortunately, the battle with his debilitating disease is not over yet. We believe, the legend is back in the hospital, this time a popular one in Bandra. Khanna was admitted to VIP room, where Dimple Kapadia has been by his side, overseeing the complicated treatment. However, this diarist has learnt that Dimple is not too happy with the hospital's facilities.On Tuesday evening, she created enough noise - and perhaps justifiably so- to draw the hospital management's attention to the lacunae in the services. As for the other patients on the same floor and all others following this page, prayers are in order for the actor's speedy recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12873970", "title": "Row over PG medical quota tweak", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Mild tension prevailed during the counselling for PG admissions at the NTR University of Health Sciences here on Wednesday. Growing suspicious over the university's decision to transfer the leftover seats of the in-service quota to open category, junior doctors staged a dharna at the counselling hall demanding reversal of the decision.The varsity authorities put counselling on hold on Tuesday following shortage of candidates for in-service and physically-challenged category seats. After discussing the issue with senior officials in the health ministry, the varsity had decided to convert nearly 60 seats from in-service quota into open quota to complete the admission process early. However, the junior doctors aspiring for the PG seats gathered at the university and staged dharna opposing the move.Registrar T Venugopala Rao rushed to the spot and promised the agitating junior doctors to keep their quota seats intact. \"We will not fill the unfilled seats till the completion of the second counselling. We will give a third chance for the in-service doctors before converting them into open category,\" Venugopala Rao added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12875479", "title": "Panel to inspect colleges seeking Magadh University affiliation", "text": "PATNA: In a major decision, Magadh University (MU) has set up a high-level committee to inspect the 97 colleges seeking affiliation and make its recommendation. This decision was made at the MU syndicate meeting held at Bodh Gaya recently, said its officiating VC Arun Kumar.Kumar said the university has directed the committee to thoroughly inspect these colleges prior to recommending their affiliation for both conventional and vocational courses. The committee has also been asked to shoot video of the infrastructure available on the campus of these colleges, he said.A large number of colleges in variuos districts have applied for MU affiliation. These colleges have been conducting classes at undergraduate level, in both conventional and vocational courses. Sources said the university administration this time was strict about following the UGC norms before granting affiliation to any college.Kumar said he would not compromise with the quality of teaching in MU colleges. The colleges seeking affiliation must follow rules and regulations of the UGC and the university. The MU will not renew the affiliation of those colleges which have failed to improve academic atmosphere , he said.The final decision on granting affiliation would be taken after the committee submitted its recommendations, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12874044", "title": "Congress, Opposition exchange Bofors fire", "text": "times news networkNEW DELHI:The ghost of Bofors returned to irritate the ruling Congress 25 years after the scam broke in 1987, as an interview of the main source of information on the deal, whose identity was revealed for the first time on Wednesday, said that former PM Rajiv Gandhi did not benefit from the payoff but Quattrocchi certainly benefitted from it for being close to the Gandhi family.While Congress used the interview to highlight the clean chit to Rajiv, main opposition BJP focused on the claim that Rajiv and his family did nothing to prevent the cover-up to ensure that Quattrocchi was protected.In the interview, former Swedish police chief Lindstorm, who owned up being the whistleblower in the payoff case, said there was no evidence to suggest that Rajiv had taken a bribe in the Bofors deal but that he did nothing to prevent the cover-up that followed in both India and Sweden to protect Quattrocchi.Training its guns on Congress, BJP said it would raise the Bofors issue in Parliament. With a discussion pending in this session on procurement for the armed forces, the Bofors issue is waiting to be dug up to hit out at the government.\"The entire government of India at that point in time was out to save Italian businessman Ottavio Quattrocchi, including then prime minister Rajiv Gandhi,\" BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad told reporters on Wednesday. The matter was raised in the BJP parliamentary party meeting by leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley.While BJP realizes that the Bofors issue has little sting left, the party feels that the UPA-1 and UPA-2 governments continued to allowed Quattrocchi to get away and will hence raise the issue in Parliament.Brushing aside the allegations, law minister Salman Khurshid said the Bofors case was closed and there was no need to reopen it. He also sought a public apology from all those making wild allegations against Rajiv for the past many years and tarnishing his image and hurting his family members. \"There was a detailed investigation and there were Supreme Court and high court proceedings that took place and the decision that came endorsed those proceedings.\"I don't think we can continue to reopen these issues... We don't want a new chapter to be opened. The final decision of the Supreme Court should not be reopened,\" Khurshid said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12874939", "title": "'Sonsoddo capping has makings of a scam'", "text": "MARGAO: The proposed scientific capping of Sonsoddo garbage dump has raised concerns among those who were once involved in providing solutions to the problem.Solid waste management expert Joe D'Souza, who was earlier on the Margao municipal council (MMC) panel to monitor the garbage management exercise at Sonsoddo, has written to chief minister Manohar Parrikar alleging a scam in the making and demanding a vigilance inquiry in the matter.In his letter to Parrikar, D'Souza has raised questions regarding capping the existing garbage dump when the project concessionaire was, in fact, tasked with treating the dump.\"I was surprised and shocked to know that after years of tomfoolery by successive consultants and garbage handling contractors, Sonsoddo garbage dump yard is sought to be capped. Why is Ahmedabad-based consultant, PU Asnani, who earlier promised to end the garbage woes of Margao by appointing a firm to involve itself in solid waste management, incurring crores of rupees expenditure of Goa state funding, is now offering a disastrous capping solution to the garbage woes of Margao,\" D'Souza wrote to Parrikar.D'Souza has urged Parrikar to \"put a full stop on an urgent basis to the mega scam involving the capping of the Sonsoddo garbage by instituting a vigilance inquiry at your earliest.\"\"The scandalous approach to the garbage scam at Sonsoddo has to be exposed. As such, Asnani and the Ahmedabad-based firm have collected consultancy fees to offer solid waste management solution. Now that he has failed miserably, the untenable approach of capping the Sonsoddo site is being sought instead of the garbage treatment solution which was his task,\" D'Souza's letter adds, urging the chief minister to \"punish the guilty as it involves flushing off of public money and endangering the lives of the residents of Margao.\"D'Souza has also raised questions over the efficacy of the capping exercise maintaining that scientific capping is a \"disastrous\" solution for an unscientific landfill site.\"The landfill site at Sonsoddo is totally unscientific. A scientific landfill is lined by impermeable material consisting of various levels and only then garbage is dumped into it. This ensures that the groundwater table is not contaminated. However, in the type of capping proposed to be done at Sonsoddo, what you are actually doing is trapping the methane gas generated by the garbage dump. The methane gas will then force its way downwards, leading to the leachate entering the groundwater table thereby contaminating it,\" D'Souza said.D'Souza was earlier engaged by the Corporation of the City of Panaji as its consultant on garbage management. He is a former professor of microbiology at Goa University.Asnani was among those initially shortlisted by MMC for empanelment of consultants for the Sonsoddo capping exercise. After he also submitted his expression of interest (EoI) for the project, the high power committee over Sonsoddo project, headed by Parrikar, struck down MMC's selection of Asnani, following which the civic body selected Gurgaon-based JM Environet (P) Ltd, and Cochin-based KR Gopalkrishnan for empanelment as consultants for solid waste management projects of the council. MMC will invite tenders for capping Sonsoddo garbage dump after receiving the detailed project reports from the two agencies.What caused a flutter in certain quarters was the fact that MMC had invited EoIs for capping Sonsoddo dump only after Asnani-in his capacity as MMC's consultant for the Sonsoddo garbage treatment plant-had submitted a report to MMC confirming the presence of toxic metals in the dump and suggesting that the dump be capped following specifications of scientific closure as per the Municipal Solid Waste Rules 2000. TOI was the first to point out the incongruity in Asnani's empanelment for the capping exercise as that would have amounted to Asnani evaluating his own bid.Anshita Asnani, managing director of UMC Global Pvt Ltd (UMC) Ahmedabad, the firm headed by PU Asnani, in an email interview with TOI said, \"UMC's role was limited to advising MMC on whether scientific capping of Sonsoddo dumpsite was an appropriate option\" and that neither UMC nor Asnani have been appointed as consultants for providing garbage treatment solutions to the MMC.\"Considering the environmental, social and economic aspects, and considering the changed circumstances after the award of contract to the concessionaire (ie availability of land to MMC for treatment and disposal of waste adjacent to the Sonsoddo dump site), we had submitted our report to the municipal council,\" A Asnani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875372", "title": "Water stocks depleting at alarming rate in reservoirs", "text": "NAGPUR: The notorious Vidarbha summer is yet to reach its scorching peak but water stocks in reservoirs of major dams are already depleting at an alarming rate. According to statistics released by the government, the level has dipped to 27% in Pench-Totladoh and 14% of the total capacity in Itiadoh in Nagpur division. In Amravati division, Katepurna is down to 12% while Upper Wardha is at 31% capacity.The coming two months will be a trying time for people across the region, as the problem of drinking water shortage is staring in the face, the reservoir levels indicate. While reservoirs of dams have water levels at their lowest in summer months, there is not much that can be done but to wait for arrival of the monsoon in June to fill up the dams.However, what is alarming is the faster rate of depletion this year. For instance, Pench-Totladoh has been left with only 283 million cubic metres (MCM) water now. A week ago the stock was 292 MCM.In Pench-Ramtek reservoir, out of the total capacity of 103 MCM, only 9% water is left while the Lower Vena reservoir with a capacity of 53 MCM has dried up completely.WATERED DOWNProjectCapacityStockPench Totladoh1,045283 (27%)Pench Ramtek1039 (9%)Lower Vena (Wadgaon)13619 (14%)Dina680Lower Wardha10342 (41%)Upper Wardha564177 (31%)Bembla30383 (27%)Katepurna8610 (12%)(Figures in million cubic metres)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12874597", "title": "'Petrol price down, but everything else up'", "text": "MARGAO: Demanding that the BJP government take back some its budgetary provisions as it would cause an unnecessary burden on the locals, the United Goans Democratic Party (UGDP) claimed that the BJP was elected to power not because the people approved of its programmes but because the electorate was fed up with the erstwhile Congress-led state government.\"The price of petrol was reduced, thus inducing in the public a feel-well feeling. However, the price of every other commodity has shot up because of the imposition of fresh taxes on the sale of cloth, liquor, on deeds of conveyance, amongst others,\" said UGDP general secretary Anacleto Viegas.UGDP vice-president Radharao Gracias further criticized the government for removing the imposition of house tax and said that with that decision they had removed the age old \"sense of belonging\" the people had to their properties. Gracias added that in the case of any dispute over the ownership of property one could produce such house tax receipts as evidence that they owned the property. \"If the government feels they do not need the revenue collected through house tax then they should use the money to clean the villages and remove the plastic and garbage there,\" added Gracias.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873854", "title": "GHMC: Remove overhead cables", "text": "HYDERABAD: The GHMC on Wednesday warned cable operators and internet service providers to remove with immediate effect overhead hanging cables that are posing threat to road-users.GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu and mayor Mohammad Majid Hussain on Wednesday briefed the media about efforts being made for clearing cables in view of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity (COP-12) scheduled to be held in October. \"The GHMC will give permission to dig 20 cable ducts at various places in the city. The cable operators have to bear the expenditure for the cable ducts allotted to them,\" said Krishna Babu.Initially, the GHMC has identified four roads - Basheerbagh-SR Nagar, NFCL-Masab Tank, Taj Deccan-KCP Junction and Indira Park-Ramnagar - on pilot project for removal of cables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875501", "title": "All India Pre-Medical/Dental Test vs National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test: It's different!", "text": "NAGPUR: After a long drawn suspense last year, the new single medical common entrance test (CET) finally got postponed till 2013. Even as coaching centres start admissions and claim to have 'experienced faculty', the fact is that the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) is unchartered territory. With many states supporting NEET, including Maharashtra, it looks all set for a debut next year.A basic comparison of NEET with its predecessor All India Pre-Medical/Dental Test (AIPMT) shows major differences. Sameer Phale, a lecturer at Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi), said, \"The biggest difference between the two are the number of papers. In AIPMT, students had to appear for the prelims first and the successful ones proceeded for mains on the basis of which admissions were done. NEET however will have only one paper scheduled, after which the admissions will take place.\"Jayant Saraf, a parent whose daughter is preparing for NEET 2013, said, \"It is like walking into a blind alley as even though we know the syllabus the exact pattern in unknown. No one has given the exam before hence there are no precedents and proper 'tips' to solve the paper. We hope that the paper is not as difficult as AIPMT at least for the first year.\"Mainstream IIT coaching centres too have started batches in the medical stream with the new format coming in, and some believe that there will be a qualitative difference as well. Abhishek Bansal, who manages a Kota-based IIT coaching centre, said, \"According to our analysis, NEET will be way tougher than AIPMT and have started coaching accordingly. Whatever methods are used for IIT exam the same is being implemented for NEET, and our faculty too is coming from Kota.\"The seat distribution for admissions is also one of the major differences in the two exams. Pale, said, \"NEET will be conducted for 100 per cent seats of almost all medical colleges in the country. It will have two merit lists; one for 85 per cent quota of state and the remaining 15 per cent for national quota. Earlier, the MHT-CET exam decided the 85 per cent quota for Maharashtra, while AIPMT took care of the rest.\"AIPMTNEETNumber of exams2 - prelims &amp; main1Negative markingYesNoSeat quota15% national quota100% (15% national &amp; 85% state)No of questions200 in prelims &amp; 120 in main 180", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873327", "title": "Elderly man arrested for killing 'drunkard' son", "text": "PUNE: A 61-year-old man was arrested from his residence in Kalyaninagar on Tuesday for allegedly murdering his son, who he claimed was an alcoholic.The Yerawada police identified the suspect as Firojali Noorali Nathani and the deceased as Sohraj (31). Nathani allegedly strangulated his sleeping son with a 'dupatta' and then hit him on the head with a hard object late on Monday night.Police inspector of the Yerawada police station Vishwanath Ghanwat said that on Tuesday morning, Nathani and his other two sons as well as other residents of the society rushed Sohraj to the Sassoon general hospital in an unconscious state. However, he was declared dead by the hospital authorities. \"We had registered a case of accidental death in this regard.\"Nathani had told the police that Sohraj had hanged himself from the ceiling fan. However, the post-mortem report said that he had died due to a head injury with ligature constriction around the neck, said Ghanwat. This made the police suspicious. \"We sent a team to Nathani's residence and told him about the report. However, he insisted that his son had committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling fan.\"Police sub-inspector of the Yerawada police station Anil Mane said, \"Our suspicions were further aroused when we saw that the dust on the ceiling fan was untouched. When we again questioned Nathani, he agreed to his involvement in the murder.\"Nathani told the police that Sohraj was an alcoholic and used to harass the entire family every day. \"He would use abusive language against his mother. Angered by his behaviour, his father hatched a plot to eliminate him. Late on Monday night, when every one, including Sohraj, were fast asleep, Nathani strangulated him with a 'dupatta', hit him with a hard object and went to sleep,\" inspector Ghanwat added.The police arrested Nathani late on Tuesday night. \"The Nathanis had shifted to Pune around five years back and lived in a rented flat at Kalyaninagar. Sohraj used to do painting work, while his two brothers ran a mobile repairing business,\" he said.Nathani was produced before the court on Wednesday. Seeking his police custody, assistant public prosecutor Rajashri Kadam told the court that the police wanted to investigate whether any other person was involved in the murder. The police also wanted to investigate the exact reason behind the murder.Judicial magistrate first class V D Deshmukh sent Nathani to police custody till May 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "12874118", "title": "Tamenglong under scanner for Hepatitis B", "text": "IMPHAL: The Manipur health services department is all set to hold a widespread Hepatitis B awareness programme in the remote Tamenglong district after nearly 30 persons from Noney and its surrounding areas in the district were tested positive for the disease.During the programme, to be conducted immediately, family members of those who tested persons would also be tested. One girl reportedly died of Hepatitis B last month. The viral disease usually affects the liver.Zeliangrong-dominated Tamenglong is one of the neglected districts of the state, particularly in healthcare.Health department director Sh Shurchandra Sharma said the medical officer of the primary health centre at Noney reported last month that 16 persons from Noney and its surrounding areas were tested positive for Hepatitis B.The department further collected blood samples from four of these 16 people and examined these at the state-run Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences (JNIMS) in the state capital on March 28 for further confirmation, which too tested positive, Sharma said in a statement.On April 3, hordes of civil and anti-drug bodies - Zeliangrong Students Union, Manipur (ZSUM), All Manipur Anti Drug Association (Amada), Inpui Naga Students' Union (INSU) and two prominent private diagnostics units organized medical camps in Noney and Tupul villages. A specialist from the centre-run Regional Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) here, JNIMS as well as chief medical officer, Tamenglong spoke in depth on the epidemic, the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873617", "title": "Metro embroiled in green row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro has again drawn the ire of environmentalists over construction of a bridge parallel to the existing Nizamuddin Bridge. This is not the first time DMRC is embroiled in a green row.Despite a condition set by the Yamuna Standing Committee that no labour camps, construction material yards or batching plants can be built on the floodplain or river bed for the project, DMRC has flattened the area in the intersection of the bridge and Ring Road in violation of norms.These guidelines were hammered out during meetings of the Yamuna Standing Committee on February 27 and March 6.In a letter written by DMRC in reply to an RTI query on March 23, it not only mentioned this but added that \"except the bridge, foundation and piers, no other structures will be constructed on the Yamuna floodplain without clearance from the standing committee\".The letter also states \"the floodplain will not be used for dumping of surplus/construction spoils by executing agencies or vendors and if they do so, a penalty will be imposed by DMRC\".When asked about the violation, senior DMRC officials said the land in question had been used for batching purpose during phases I and II and they were not aware of this rule. \"The tendering for this particular project was done on September 2011. Since we had used this land for the same purpose in the past, we built it into our tender.\"We had told the government why we needed land and we got it. Nobody said anything about it earlier,\" said an official.But when confronted with the DMRC letter of March 23, the official said the information had probably not been disseminated. \"Since tendering was done long before conditions were laid, we have been continuing with the work. Now we will look into the matter and see what can be done.\"This will set us back by a bit since there is no other place available near the project site,\" said the official.Manoj Mishra, convener of Yamuna Jiye Abhiyaan said the site was originally meant for Rajeev Smriti Van and they had pictorial evidence to prove the site went under water during the September 2010 floods.\"We have written to LG and asked him to take immediate remedial action,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873264", "title": "Panel to look into validity of married women\u2019s bill", "text": "MUMBAI: Following opposition to the introduction of a bill which grants equal rights to a married woman in properties acquired by her husband, the state has decided to appoint a panel to review its provisions.The panel, which will comprise officials from the state commission for women, has been asked to check the legal validity of the bill and review contentious provisions.The state women and child development (WCD) department had planned to introduce the Matrimonial Property ( Rights of Women upon Marriage Act), 2012. Though the bill is still in the drafting stage, it has already triggered an intense debate. While the state law and judiciary department has asked the WCD department to examine if the bill's provisions clashed with existing central and state legislations, the state minority department sought \"exclusion of Muslim families\" from the bill's purview.The draft bill proposes to \"secure economic rights for married women to empower them\". It grants 50% rights to a wife in all \"matrimonial properties\", which include all moveable and immoveable properties acquired by her husband, either jointly or individually. A woman's separate property has been excluded from the notion of a joint property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872901", "title": "Stricter fire safety norms for hosps, nursing homes", "text": "MUMBAI: Months after a fire killed 91 people at a hospital in Kolkata, the fire department of the BMC is intensifying its drive against hospitals and nursing homes. In fact, it has now completed the guidelines for nursing homes.The state government had passed a resolution in the winter session last year, making it mandatory for nursing homes to obtain a no-objection certificate from the fire department. Accordingly, the fire brigade has begun framing guidelines and is expected to finalize them by the end of the month. According to an official, while guidelines for hospitals with over 100 beds are in place, the fire brigade has made new fire safety rules for nursing homes.\"Most hospitals in the city have fire department's no-objection certificate but it was not a requirement for nursing homes. After the state order, we made guidelines and circulated them to nursing homes,\" said a fire official.The guidelines include having active measures like smoke detection system, fire extinguishers and passive ones like having a broad staircase, clear exits and so on.There are approximately 1,500 nursing homes in the city. According to the new rules, a nursing home which comes for renewal every year will have to take an NOC from the fire department. Usually, the renewals happen during April and May, said officials. \"As and when we are getting applications for renewal, we are forwarding them to the fire department. The department is checking if nursing homes have the mandatory fire safety measures,\" said executive health officer Anil Bandiwadekar.Meanwhile, the BMC is looking to intensify its drive against hospitals. \"We gave notices to 67 hospitals which were flouting safety rules. They had been given a period of 120 days to comply with the rules. We will start inspecting these hospitals in the first week of May and those which have not complied face punishment under the Maharashtra Fire Safety Act,\" said additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar. As many as 37 of these hospitals were private, 17 BMC-run and 13 run by the government. The punishment could include prosecution, revocation of licence, and in some cases, closure, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873670", "title": "Now, UP gets its Rs 2,900 crore Toilet Scam", "text": "LUCKNOW: This one really stinks. UP, home to scams of all kinds, ranging from NRHM to land, now has a filthy new entrant: the Toilet Scam.The state was to build toilets in rural households under the Centre-sponsored Total Sanitation Campaign. The state panchayati raj department told the ministry of rural development that it got 1.71 crore toilets constructed under the scheme in the past one decade. But the household census data says that only 55 lakh rural households have toilets. Which means, 1.16 crore toilets in rural UP are \"missing\".The Total Sanitation Campaign was launched in 1999 to end open defecation in India by 2017. The scheme got functional in UP in 2002. Under the programme, various sections of the society were given a subsidy to get permanent toilets built in their houses. In 2002, the amount was about Rs 600; now, this has gone up to around Rs 4,500. Assuming the average expenditure on construction of new toilets was Rs 2,500, the Toilet Scam would work out to Rs 2,900 crore.The extent of over-reporting has been close to three times , say experts. According to TSC reports, there are only 17.50% households without toilets in rural UP. whereas the census reports that more than 78% of the households do not have latrines within their premises. According to TSC online data, there are two districts in UP, Lakhimpur Kheri and Farrukhabad, where 100% households have toilets whereas census 2011 reports show 81.7% and 76.10% households are without toilets in the respective districts.The extent of over-reporting has been extremely high in Lucknow as well. The official data for households without toilets says that one in 10 (10.16%) houses don't have toilets. In other words government data says that 89.84% of the households in Lucknow have a toilet. But the census figures say that only 65.6% households have toilets on their premises.Because of this scam, the very aim of TSC stands defeated in the state with actually now more people defecating in the open. During the decade 2001-2011, of all the people defecating in open in the country, UP alone accounts for 39.05%. In absolute terms, 35.31 lakh households are defecating in the open in the state. And 93% of them are in rural areas. Sources claimed that lack of a monitoring mechanism led to the problem. The union government is now mulling over whether to get the flagship programme examined by CAG auditors.\"A peep into the house of a villager in UP shows how women live without toilets. They go in groups to fields every morning. Some women feel that loose motions are a curse as they have to run to the fields during the day,\" said Madhu Garg, secretary, All India Democratic Women's Association. She added that the problem for women in urban slums was worse. \"In pakka talaab area of Chinhat for instance, women are exposed to eve-teasing when they go out for nature's call,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "club road", "code": "12875341", "title": "Plunge into municipal corporation pool can be risky", "text": "CLUB ROAD: Beware before taking a plunge into the sole swimming pool of the municipal corporation (MC) that will be opened on May 1. For, the civic body has washed its hands of any responsibility, saying it will be the duty of a private contractor, who has been allotted its tenders, to ensure the residents' safety as well as the pool's maintenance and not theirs.And what could further make your dive risky is its neglectful condition. With construction of an indoor swim ming pool under way on the rowpremises, bricks, mortar and other material lie near it.Though every year residents complain about its poor condition, nothing much has been done to improve it.A homemaker and resident of Civil Lines, Rebu Sood, said, \"The civic body is least bothered about the safety of residents. That's why the pool lacks all the basic facilities. Besides, it is far from ready and unsafe too with construction material lying every where.'' Charanjit Singh, a businessman and resident of Model Town, said, \"MC has just one swimming pool in the city and it is wanting on all fronts.\"Its water is not changed regularly and the premises wears a shabby look... it's the same story every year. Now with the civic body saying that it will not be responsible for residents' safety, who would want to go there? I am quite fond of swimming, but I will prefer some other pool rather than MC's,'' Charanjit Singh, a businessman and resident of Model Town, said.Additional MC commissioner and head of operation and maintenance cell Manjit Singh said, \"We have handed over the pool's responsibility to a private contractor, who will be responsible for its maintenance and residents' safety.''About construction material lying around it, he said the bridges and road department was doing the building work and that he could not say when its condition would improve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12874053", "title": "Restaurants in city hit a six with IPL", "text": "GURGAON: This fifth IPL season has generated business for the hotels and restaurants in the Millennium City which have seen up to 50% hike in alcohol sales. The restaurants, bars, banquets and hotels had their bookings done a day before the match between the Kolkata Knight Riders and Rajasthan Royals.For the weekends, people usually book their favourite hangout spots a week in advance and a few of them were completely sold out a day before. Radisson suites in Sushant Lok had arranged special packages for the IPL season.\"Noticing the response last year, we started taking bookings a week in advance. In this season, there had been a marginal rise in the liquor sales. Moreover, we have been offering the IPL liquor buffet at Rs 799 at the 'ninety nine' bar which offers 99 varieties of liquor. Snacks priced at Rs 99 are added for the cricket lovers,\" said Anirban Sarkar, head operations, Radisson Blu Suites, Gurgaon.During the IPL season, the cricket lovers prefer pubs or vibrant lounges with a relaxed atmosphere, automated lighting, comfortable and chic sitting areas, LCD screens and projection system to chill out.Pub Nirvaan in the MGF Mega City mall is also offering state-of-the-art sound &amp; light console in contemporary decor and an avant-garde ambience that adds up to the excitement of the IPL fever.\"The response has been exceptional in a few of the matches because of the vast variety for vegetarians as well as non-vegetarians with a wide array of platter options for the non-veggies including the Doahra kabab, Pahari kabab and Sharabi kabab,\" said Amit Sambhi, co-owner of Pub Nirvaan.Similarly, 32nd milestone is offering a wide range of dishes named after cricket terms like knight riders, off drive, full toss, leg spin, off spin, caught and bowled, block hole. Many more 'cricket' dishes are available at mama-mia where the match is on the big screen while the music is on in the lawns.People looked a little upset with the sky-rocketing rates of the packages because even midsized restaurants were also charging hefty amounts for entry. \"Many of them have closed their bookings and the remaining were charging hefty amounts. So my friends are planning to install a big screen on the lawns of any of our houses,\" said Karamvir Singh, a resident of DLF II.Spot Cafe + Bar at Galleria Market has also become a happening spot for IPL matches as it has lined up some of the most 'smashing' off-the-field menus from April 4 to May 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12873742", "title": "RPF did not react to prevent dacoity, allege passengers", "text": "KANPUR: The GRP and RPF have so far not got any clue in the Sampark Kranti Express (Delhi-Bhubaneswar) robbery case, which took place near Aligarh. Passengers and train staff were brutally beaten and looted by over a dozen armed dacoits in the running train on Tuesday. The incident had occurred in the early hours of Tuesday near Kalwa railway station (between Ghaziabad and Aligarh), when the Bhubaneswar-bound train was heading towards Kanpur.Reportedly, the bandits armed with country-made pistols and knives attacked the passengers of the general coach, while they were fast asleep. The dacoits were travelling in the garb of passengers in the general coach placed at fourth position from the train engine. The victims mostly belonged to Odisha who work in Delhi and were on their way home after making some money. The dacoits snatched away their cash and valuables. One of the victims, Tehsin Hina, a native of Delhi, who had come to Kanpur, along with her husband, Gufran was consoled by her relatives who had come to receive her. She said, \"Just lodging a complaint is not going to instil a sense of security among the passengers. Much more should be done to improve security on the trains.\" Gufran was hit on the face by a sharp-edged weapon by the robbers when he offered resistance. The robbers took away all their valuables including his wife's ornaments.As soon as the train reached Kanpur Central railway station, angry passengers got down and created a ruckus. The cops at the station tried to pacify the passengers, but a few of them entered into a scuffle with them and alleged that RPF escort did not react, thus giving robbers full chance to deprive the passengers of their belongings.Mukesh Sharma, another passenger, alleged that the dacoits were seated inside their coach and the moment the train crossed Ghaziabad, they attacked them.Sandeep Mathur, chief public relations officer, North Central Railway, said that the passengers were shown the CCTV footages from Delhi station, so that they could identify the dacoits, but in vain. This could have happened because the actual victims of the dacoity had already left for Bhubaneswar. \"We spoke to the passengers at Kanpur Central and none of them lodged a complaint with GRP in writing. So a case of dacoity needs to be registered by the actual victims when they get down at Bhubaneshwar or some other destination,\" Mathur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874901", "title": "Missing boy reunited with parents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a tearful yet joyous reunion at the Mahipatram Ashram in Raipur on Thursday. A three-year-old boy, Ayan, was reunited with his parents after almost a week. Ayan was found aboard a Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation bus (GSRTC) which was headed towards Vadodara.The reunion was preceded by a couple, Fazluddin Shaikh and Rinabanu, approaching the Kagdapith police. They filed a missing person's report about their son. Their son, Ayan, had gone missing from the Gita Mandir bus stop on April 19.Before registering their complaint the Kagdapith police officials first took them to Mahipatram Ashram. \"When the couple described their son and told us that he had gone missing at the Gita Mandir bus stop, we immediately connected it to another incident. On the same day, April 19, a child who we thought had been abandoned aboard a Vadodara-bound bus was handed over to us by the bus driver,\" said a Kagdapith police official.When the couple walked into the Mahipatram Ashram and the boy found at the bus stop was brought before them, he showed definite signs of recognition. \"The boy ran up to the couple and embraced them,\" said a police official.\"Shaikh told us that he stays in Rajashthan. On April 14 he had come to Ahmedabad with his wife and three children to attend a religious function. For several years now his wife has been suffering from a mental ailment,\" said the official. On April 19 on his way back to Rajasthan, Shaikh took his wife and children to Gita Mandir bus stand. Leaving his family at a spot, he had gone to purchase bus tickets back to Rajasthan. When he returned with the ticket, Ayan was nowhere to be seen. When he asked his wife, she told him that his sister from Vatva had met them at the stop and had taken Ayan with her.\"Thinking that Ayan would stay with his sister for a few days, the family then left for Rajasthan. Five days later he called up his sister and asked about Ayan. His sister was taken aback since she didn't have the boy with her. Shaikh then got angry and scolded his wife. On being faced with his accusations Rina then told Shaikh that when they were at the bus stop Ayan suddenly went missing. She tried to hunt for him but to no avail,\" said the official.Police officials now believe that Ayan may have wandered off to the Ahmedabad-Vadodara intercity bus stop. \"There, a passenger must have taken him on board the bus, thinking that his parents were inside. However, fortunately the bus driver spotted the child and handed him over to the police.Scared that her husband would scold her Rina had lied about his sister. The Kagdapith police have found this story logical and the boy's reaction on seeing his parents as genuine. However, to be sure the cops have asked the couple to get the boy's birth certificates, photos and other documents to prove that the boy is indeed Ayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12874372", "title": "BMC sets stiff penalty for tax defaulters", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Here is a punishment for tax defaulters, who have left the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) off guards by not paying their arrears since years. The civic body on Wednesday decided to collect the dues with 16% interest annually following its monthly council meeting.\"The 16% interest is applicable for defaulters on all types of collection of license fees relating to hoarding, banner, gate, tower, bus shelter and parking fees,\" BMC mayor A N Jena said.Recently BMC exposed the names of the heavy holding tax defaulters by putting their names on hoardings at different locations. The corporation is struggling to collect more than Rs 3 crore dues from the holding defaulters. BMC had recently announced 5% rebate offer for citizens if they pay their entire holding tax of 2012-13 at one go. The month-long offer started from April 1.Sources said the corporation has set a target of nearly Rs 40 crore collection from holding tax in 2012-13, as against Rs 20 crore in 2011-12. Holding collection fell short of nearly Rs three crore in 2011-12 fiscal, sources said.Officially, there are around two lakh holdings in the state capital, but only 82,000 of these fall under the holding tax net. There were instances in the past when big companies and personalities were found evading tax in connivance with some corrupt BMC officers in the city. The vigilance wing of Odisha police last year filed criminal cases against four BMC employees, including tax collectors for working hand-in-glove with defaulters to evade tax. Some tainted employees were suspended as well.Meanwhile, BMC has decided not to collect any tax from cart and petty carriages like cycle and cycle-rickshaws.The annual rent paid by telecom players to BMC has been hiked almost three-fold. The civic body has decided to collect Rs 50,000 for each tower as against Rs 17,500 that it was collecting until recently.\"The tower rent had remained unchanged for long. We would also crack the whip on telecom companies that erected towers without our permission,\" Jena said. Corporators said that many towers came up in restricted zones, violating guidelines of Airport Authority of India and Archeological Survey of India. \"Many towers flouted the height norm as well. They should face the music,\" corporator Sheikh Nizamuddin said.Telecom companies expressed their displeasure over the stiff hike in the annual rent. \"The hike is very high. We will request the corporation to relax the rent for our convenience,\" a telecom company officer said.At the council meeting, corporators reiterated their demand of hike in their monthly allowance. At present, the corporators are getting Rs 700 per month as 'sitting allowance'. The state government had hiked it from Rs 500 in July last year.\"It is peanuts. A labourer is earning more than us,\" said corporator Pratap Sahoo. The BMC corporators recently boycotted a council meeting demanding fat salaries and perks, in line with the MLAs, whose salaries were hiked astronomically last year. The corporators are demanding Rs 23,000 per month.\"We have sent a proposal to the government to increase the corporators' sitting allowance,\" BMC commissioner Vishal Dev said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872483", "title": "Builder told to pay for cheating flat buyer", "text": "MUMBAI: In a heartening victory for a flat buyer who suffered at the hands of a builder, a state consumer district redressal commission has ordered a construction company, Aditya Enterprises, to pay Rs 2 lakh to retired engineer Ashok Rastogi for selling his flat to a third party without his permission. The fine is for the \"mental harassment\" caused to Rastogi by the builder.In its order of April 17, the two-member commission also ordered the builder to either give Rastogi the same flat which he had booked in Ganga Tower at Chembur's Tilak Nagar or another flat of the same size and value in Tilak Nagar. The builder has been given a month to implement the order. None of the four partners of Aditya Enterprises-Baburao B Patil, Arun B Patil, Raju and Rocky Khushlani-were available for comment.The story began in 2005 when Rastogi, an engineer from the department of atomic energy, booked the 1,305-sq ft, three-bedroom apartment for Rs 30 lakh. As per the agreement, he paid Rs 17 lakh; the balance was to be paid after the builder constructed the 11th floor and when the flat agreement was registered. For almost two years thereafter, Rastogi said the builder refused to meet him. In April 2007, he got a shock when Khushlani informed him that the flat had been sold to someone else.The engineer then filed a police complaint with the Tilak Nagar police under the Maharashtra Ownership Flats Act. Khushlani and his partner Arun Patil then offered to refund his money with interest. Rastogi did not accept the offer and filed a writ petition in the court instead. But there were more shocks in store for him.\"The firm produced copies of a power of attorney document and a memorandum of understanding that mentioned that I had handed over the responsibility of carrying out all transactions on my flat to one Satish Nair, whom I do not even know,\" Rastogi said. \"The documents bore my signature, which was forged, my name and a photograph of Nair. But it did not have signatures of witnesses.\"On the court's suggestion, Rastogi filed a criminal complaint with the Tilak Nagar police, who on December 30 booked Khushlani, Patil and Nair for cheating and forgery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873370", "title": "All clear for second phase of monorail", "text": "MUMBAI: The final hurdle in the construction of the second phase of the Monorail was removed on Wednesday with the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) reaching an agreement with residents of Vakdi Chawl at Currey Road for resettlement at Mulund.MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana called the meeting a breakthrough. Residents of the chawl, along with MLA Bala Nandgaonkar, held discussions with the MMRDA and Mhada vice-chairman Satish Gavai before reaching an agreement.Asthana said the 67 families who will be rehabilitated have asked for the maintenance of their rights at the chawl so as to benefit from any reconstruction which might come up at a later date. The Monorail's first line has been divided into two sections - Chembur to Wadala and Wadala to Jacob Circle. The firms constructing the Monorail, L&T; and Scomi, have already started test runs on a small stretch of the first phase from Wadala to Bhakti Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12875623", "title": "Jewellery, cash worth Rs 30 lakh stolen in Kanpur break-in", "text": "KANPUR: Burglars, reportedly, made away with jewellery and cash worth Rs 30 lakh from the house of a timepiece shop owner at Pardevanpurwa in Chakeri, late on Tuesday night.Suresh Kumar Agarwal, the shop owner, submitted a list of stolen items to the Chakeri police on Wednesday. He informed the police that gold jewellery worth Rs 20 lakh and cash worth Rs 10 lakh kept in the house had been stolen.According to reports, most of the stolen cash and jewellery belonged to a guest of Agarwal, who had come to take part in the wedding ceremony of his two sons, Shakti and Vishal. When, late on Tuesday night, the family members and guests returned from the wedding venue, which is situated nearby, they were shocked to find the locks of a room broken and jewellery and cash kept inside an almirah gone.Strangely, the burglars broke open only that room where cash and other valuables belonging to guests were kept. They did not touch the items kept in other rooms. The burglars apparently entered the house after scaling the boundary wall. All these factors have made the police suspect role of an insider in the crime. For now, the cops have detained a driver of a travel agency and few members of the catering firm engaged by the victim.Meanwhile, a team of fingerprint experts and a dog squad has been summoned at the incident site to trace any leads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873705", "title": "Delhi Jal Board plans to link illegal colonies, plug leakage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Jal Board's focus this year will be on extending water supply to unauthorized colonies, full domestic metering and arresting water leakages. The Board, which had been working on an interim three-month budget during the pendency of the municipal polls, cleared its budget for the year 2012-13 on Wednesday. This year, the plan budget for water and sewerage works has been raised to Rs 1,984.74 crore while the non-plan expenditure has been pegged at Rs 1,796.17 crore.DJB officials said water production is expected to increase to 900 million gallons per day from 835 MGD with the commissioning of the Chandrawal recycling plant and commissioning of the Dwarka and Okhla water treatment plants. The latter projects are dependent on the commissioning of the Munak canal.Sewage treatment capacity, which is presently 514.4 MGD, is expected to increase to 614.4 MGD with the commissioning of the 30 MGD New Okhla STP, 25 MGD Yamuna Vihar STP and the 45 MGD Kondli STP.For equitable distribution of water, six underground reservoirs (UGR) will be commissioned in 2012-13 while another six will be commissioned in 2013-14.Work of four UGRs at Mundka, Bijwasan, Karala and Rajokri will also be awarded this year. Work is on in 45 unauthorized colonies for piped water supply while proposals for 32 other colonies are at the tendering stage. Estimates are being drawn up for another 145 colonies.While the Yamuna Action Plan-II, which includes five projects like rehabilitation of the Ring Road sewer and reconstruction of the Bela Road sewer, will end in June, administrative approval for projects worth Rs 1,656 crore under YAP-III has been given. Of these, projects worth Rs 1,407.59 crore will be funded by JICA and the remaining by the Delhi government. The projects include renovation of Rithala STP and associated trunk sewers, Kondli STP and linked trunk sewers, rehabilitation of Okhla STP phases 1-5, and construction of the 30 MGD STP at Okhla.This year, water reform projects in Mehrauli, Malviya Nagar UGR, Vasant Vihar distribution network and Nangloi WTP will be taken up. A new revenue management system will also be launched in June to integrate billing, payment and metering systems. Integrated billing will be introduced with electricity utilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12873516", "title": "Private bus operators under government scanner", "text": "DHARWAD: Private operators of transport vehicles in Dharwad district flouting rules had better be careful from now on, else they may lose the permit and their vehicles could be seized. Taking a serious note of rules being blatantly flouted by private operators, deputy commissioner Darpan Jain has instructed the police and Regional Transport Officer (RTO) to initiate stringent action against the errant operators.After chairing a meeting of District Road Safety and Regional Transport Authority (RTA) here on Wednesday, Jain said those violating rules for the first time would be issued notice and repeating the offence would result in the permit being cancelled.He said it is mandatory for the owners of the vehicles to obtain special permission from RTO to display advertisements or posters on the vehicle.\"The vehicles which have been given permit under contract carriage rules are found to be violating rules causing accidents and inconvenience to the general public. They will be suitably dealt with,\" Jain said. He directed RTO Purushottam to initiate legal action against the offenders and cancel the permit if the offence is repeated.Dharwad superintendent of police Y S Ravikumar complained that the private operators on Kundgol-Laxmeshwar route were violating rules by allowing the passengers travel on the top of the vehicles and efforts by the police to prevent it had failed. He wanted the RTO to be pro-active in curbing the menace. DC Jain instructed the RTO to take note of SP's observations and take necessary action.Divisional controller, NWKRTC, Sangappa informed that the NWKRTC was running special buses on this route offering concessional fare and passengers could make use of this facility. Concern was expressed over illegal mining and transportation of sand in the district. The DC asked the PWD, Mines and Geology, RTO and Revenue departments to deputy officers in rotation to check the illegal activity and take necessary action against the culprits. He said the citizens coming across any such offence could call 94828 45675 and inform the authorities.The officials of NWKRTC and Bendre Transport were asked to fix doors to the buses plying between Dharwad and Hubli. The DC asked ACP (Traffic) N S Patil to identify the accident zones on the highway and install warning signboards wherever necessary. The HDMC officials were told to ensure that the roads are free from garbage and all the drains are covered properly to avoid any mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12874987", "title": "Khandwa power plant clears boiler test", "text": "BHOPAL:Struggling hard to keep its old power units going, MP power generating company limited (MPPGCL) on Wednesday received a shot in the arm when its 600 mega watt (mw) upcoming unit of the multi-crore Shree Singaji Thermal Power Station (SSTPC) in Khandwa cleared the boiler (steam generator) test - the first essential step - for commissioning a unit.\"We have been able to clear the first milestone in a prelude to set up 600 mw unit with successful boiler test at SSTPC,\" MPPGCL managing director Vijendra Nanavati told TOI.\"Water is pumped into boiler to generate steam for power generation,\" he added.Nanavati said two units of 600 mw each were coming up in the first phase of SSTPC from where power generation is expected to start this fiscal.In the project's second phase, he said two units of 660 mw each to come up at the cost of Rs 6,050 crore would be installed.The first phase of the project will come up at a cost of Rs 6,750 crore over 1107 hectares area at Dongalia village, officials said. The coal fired project was coming with 80% loan from the Power Finance Corporation (PFC), they added.The project has been named after sant Singaji, who is believed to have hands-on knowledge of livestock and took samadhi (a mausoleum of sage) near the place.MPPGCL is struggling hard to generate power from its old power generation units, which frequently develop snags. It has plan to shut down 40-year-old five units of 62.5 mw each at Satpura Thermal Power Station (STPS) in Sarni in Betul after two of its upcoming units of 250 mw each there are commissioned this fiscal.The state is working hard to bridge the gap of more than 2,000 mw power shortage which crops up during peak hours of the Rabi season. As of now, the rural areas in the state were witnessing power cuts for long hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12874160", "title": "Nights get darker, hotter", "text": "GURGAON: On Wednesday, several areas in the city reeled under long hours of power cuts - in some places there was no electricity for as long as eight hours - thanks to the continuous shortage experienced by various power stations.Before the summers had set in, the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitaran Nigam (DHBVN) had made tall claims and had said that the city would face minimal power cuts this season. But that doesn't seem to be the case now and the DHBVN is blaming the poor infrastructure for local faults which, according to them, is resulting in prolonged power cuts.The residents have enough on their plate, what with the temperature on the verge of soaring in the coming days and with no chances of immediate relief when it comes to loadshedding. The whole state of Haryana is experiencing one of its worst power crises in recent times. There is at least 41% power shortage in the state since the two important power plants in Yamunanagar and Jhajjar have developed major faults.The long spell of loadshedding has left the residents greatly inconvenienced. Madhu Jain, a resident of Sector 14, said, \"In the past two days, we have been facing was over eight hours of power cuts. The inverter has conked out and we are unable to sleep at night in the heat.\"According to R C Chadha, a resident of Sector 17, power mostly plays truant during the day time when it is most needed. \"Our sector is completely neglected by the department. If the department could tell us in advance about the power cut schedules, we could plan our things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "12874452", "title": "Protest against power plant enters 45th day", "text": "ANGUL: The indefinite dharna by the Jibana Jibika Krushi Surakshya Committee at Baradamalia village, about 95 km from here, entered its 45th day on Wednesday. The villagers have been opposing the setting up of a proposed power plant in the area.The 1980MW power plant needs 1,000 acre land, out of which only 300 acre is government land. Villages like Dhaurapalli, Barada Malia, Karamala Kata and Baija would be affected by the project. tnnA tri-partite talk convened by the district collector on Tuesday failed to reach any conclusion on the issue. Most of the members present at the meeting reportedly opposed the move by the state government to set up the power plant.Dinabandhu Pradhan, the president of JJKSC, said, \"The area which is notified for the project is highly fertile for paddy and agricultural purposes. The setting up of the power plant would not only affect the livelihood of the farmers, but will also have its impact on environment. We have asked the district administration to relocate the plant.\"Angul district collector Siba Prasada Mishra said, \"I have heard the opinions of common people in the meeting. While some members were against the proposed power plant in the area, others favoured it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "12875288", "title": "World Summit of Nobel Peace: Dalai Lama says 'Middle Way' still best for Tibet", "text": "CHICAGO: The Dalai Lama, Tibet's exiled spiritual leader, said he would not alter his non-violent quest for greater Tibetan autonomy, even after Beijing blamed him for inciting a wave of unrest.A total of 34 Tibetans, many of them Buddhist monks and nuns, are reported to have attempted to kill themselves by setting themselves on fire in China's Tibetan-inhabited areas since the start of 2011 in protest at Chinese rule.Many of the protesters -- who criticize Beijing for what they see as repression of their culture -- have reportedly died from severe burns.Beijing has repeatedly accused the Dalai Lama of inciting the self-immolations in a bid to split the vast Himalayan region from the rest of the nation, a charge he denies.\"Recently things become very, very difficult but our stand -- no change,\" the Dalai Lama told the World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates yesterday.\"Independence, complete independence is unrealistic -- out of (the) question,\" the Dalai Lama said, saying his non-violent \"Middle Way\" of seeking change from Beijing still has the support of 90 per cent of Tibetans.\"So we can continue,\" he said in a press conference at the conclusion of the summit.Tibet's leadership-in-exile in India remains committed to \"meaningful talk\" with the Chinese government in order to establish \"meaningful autonomy\" for the Tibetan minority, he said.The latest self-immolations by a pair of young Tibetan men occurred last week in the prefecture of Aba in a rugged area of Sichuan province , overseas Tibetan rights groups said.China has imposed tight security to contain simmering discontent in Tibetan regions since 2008, when deadly rioting against Chinese rule broke out in Tibet's capital Lhasa and spread to neighboring Tibetan-inhabited regions.Many Tibetans in China complain of religious repression and a gradual erosion of their culture blamed on a growing influx of majority Han Chinese to their homeland.China denies any repression and says it has improved the lives of Tibetans with investment in infrastructure, schools and housing and by spurring economic growth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12874650", "title": "Dolphin stuck in Cooum slush rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: A 150kg dolphin was rescued from the mouth of the river Cooum on Wednesday by Coast Guard officials and local fishermen.Officers who heard an unusual noise rushed out and found a dolphin struggling in the slush at the mouth of the river near the main gate of the Coast Guard office, a press release said.The dolphin, which was bleeding from its snout (probably caused by an injury by a fishing boat propeller), was about 8ft long. It was struggling in a shallow patch about 200 metres from the river mouth. There were three calves, too.Soon, an officer and some fishermen put the dolphin back in the sea. \"It dived and disappeared,\" the release said.Experts said the dolphin may have been washed along by the high tide. \"Marine dolphins usually do not venture into rivers. They will be able to survive only as long as the tidal wave lasts,\" said V Arun, an environmentalist.According to the release, coast guard officer R Dhiman stepped into the slushy river mouth and began trying to lift the mother dolphin. Hearing the commotion, other coast guard staff, some members of the public and a few fishermen rushed there and helped him lift the dolphins. The release, however, was silent on the status of the calves. Repeated attempts by TOI to contact officials failed.Wildlife department officials said the dolphin population in the outer seas of the Indian Ocean is quite large. The Spinner Dolphin, a long and slender animal characterized by its long-snout, is the most common of the species found in the Indian Ocean.Members of the dolphin species commonly found in the region grow up to 2.4 metres and have a brown or black back with a white belly separated by a grey, yellow or white wavy band. There is a blank ring around the eyes that runs to the snout. The snout is about 15 cm long and is distinctively separated from the forehead. \"It is a banned species under the Wildlife Act and fishermen are not supposed to catch dolphins. Even if one is caught in a net, it is to be released immediately,\" said a senior official.C M Muralidharan, national project coordinator of the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation, said the in-shore presence of dolphins here is lesser than on foreign coasts. Muralidharan, who has been studying the various species in the Indian seas, said the dolphins rescued on Wednesday may have reached shore in search of food or may have drifted in after being injured. \"There have been similar instances in the past when dolphins have been rescued off the Chennai and Mamallapuram coasts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12877827", "title": "Maoists treated me well, says freed Odisha MLA Jhina Hikaka", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Maoists on Thursday freed Laxmipur legislator Jhina Hikaka in Odisha's Koraput district, over 500 km from the state capital, after holding him hostage for 33 days. This brought to an end the twin hostage crisis that had rocked the eastern state in March.At around 10: 30 am, Hikaka was received by wife Kaushalya along with Koraput-based lawyer Nihar Ranjan Patnaik besides hordes of media persons at Balipeta village in Narayanpatna block, which has a strong presence of Maoists and its frontal organization Chasi Muliya Adivaasi Sangh (CMAS).Earlier, Maoists had released Italian nationals Claudio Colangelo and Bosusco Paolo on March 25 and April 12 respectively after kidnapping them from the Kandhamal-Ganjam region on March 14. While the Sabyasachi Panda-led Odisha State Organising Committee had taken away the foreigners, the CPI (Maoist) Andhra-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) had held the legislator captive.The state government has announced to free four prisoners for Paolo and 23 others, including eight rebels in exchange of Hikaka's release. So far Panda's wife Subhashree (who was part of the swap deal for releasing Paolo) and four CMAS members (on the list for releasing the lawmaker) have been freed.The 37-year-old tribal lawmaker, who Maoists abducted from near Toyaput in Koraput on March 23 night, hugged his wife and broke into tears. \"The Maoists treated me well,\" Hikaka told journalists, refusing to comment on the 'praja' court's decision that he would quit as MLA and lead the life of an ordinary citizen. He said during his captivity he was made to change locations at least three times.Hikaka's release came a day after an AOBSZC leader identifying herself as Aruna sent an audio tape to media houses, saying the decision to release the MLA was taken after he agreed to resign from the state Assembly and also sever his ties with the ruling BJD.The Maoists' move is being viewed as a step to facilitate the entry of CMAS president Nachika Linga, who is on the run, into electoral politics. Days after Hikaka was kidnapped, Linga had earlier demanded his ouster.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12875690", "title": "Property dispute claims a life in Marukapur", "text": "VARANASI: While Sushil Kumar Pandey (35), a native of Marukapur village under Mirzamurad police station, was shot, several others suffered injuries during a group clash over a property dispute on Wednesday. Police arrested five out of eight accused persons in this connection.According to reports, Sushil's father had purchased a room near his residence from his relative Shiv Shankar Pandey. On Wednesday morning, Sushil tried to take possession on the same property when sons of Shiv Shankar, Sanjay and Vijayanand, reached there and opposed his bid.It led to altercation between them. In the meantime, members of both families gathered there. Following an exchange of heated words, both groups indulged in fighting. In the meantime, someone opened fire on Sushil. He was rushed to district hospital where doctors declared him brought dead. Other injured persons, including Rajeshwar, Ashwini, Atul and Chandrabhan, were admitted to hospital. Police have arrested five persons, including Sanjay and Vijayanand.One killed in mishap: One person was killed while several others sustained serious injuries when an uncontrolled truck crushed a motorcycle and also hit many other vehicles near City Railway Station under Jaitpura police station on Wednesday morning.According to reports, Devendra Upadhyaya (35), a native of Jaunpur district, was returning home from Chandauli after attending a wedding function on Tuesday night. He was riding a motorcycle while his two friends were on anoother motorcycle. When they reached near City Railway Station, an uncontrolled truck crushed Devendra's motorcycle. He died on the spot while his friends also sustained serious injuries as the killer truck also hit their motorcycle. The truck stopped after hitting an auto and two rickshaws.Thieves nabbed: The Shivpur police on Tuesday night succeeded in nabbing four members of a gang of thieves near a school. Police recovered ornaments worth several thousand rupees.According to SSP BD Polson, acting on a tip off the Shivpur cops raided a lonely place behind a school where Dilhaz, Babu, Dali, Sheikh and Rustam, all from West Bengal , were nabbed. On their tip off the cops dug up land inside an orchard where the ornaments and other articles stolen from different places were kept.During initial interrogation of police the involvement of this gang came to light in the theft cases that took place in Gautam Vihar, Sheetal Nagar, Shivpur Court, Tulsi Vihar and adjoining colonies falling under Shivpur police station limit. The arrested thieves disclosed that they used to identify locked houses by moving in residential colonies and localities in day hours by posing them as scrap vendor or rag pickers for targeting the same places in night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12874964", "title": "Two victims of speeding SUV succumbs to injuries", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Two people of the four, injured in a road accident in Dhatkidih under Bistupur police station area, succumbed to their injuries at the Tata Main Hospital on Wednesday morning.A speeding SUV (JH 05T 3129) lost its control and rammed into two motorcycles near Beldih Lake on Tuesday night injuring four people. The deceased were identified as Ashraf Khan, 27, and Mohamed Zahid Alam, 45. The condition of the other two, Mohamed Adil and Mohamed Sajid, both students of a city-based English-medium school, is still critical.\"We have identified the owner of the SUV as Rajender Kumar Singh, resident of Rajeshwari Villa in Baliguma, but he is still at large. The probe is on and nothing can be concluded at this point,\" said Bistupur police station in-charge, inspector Arun Kumar Rai.Ashraf, resident of Dhatkidih and a civil contractor by occupation was standing beside his parked two-wheeler with Zahid, while returning from Telco, when the speeding car lost its control and rammed into the parked two-wheeler injuring the duo on the spot.Subsequently, while attempting to run away from the spot, the car also hit another motorcycle injuring two others. Adil and Sajid, residents of Jugsalai, who were on a motorcycle fell victim to the speeding car.Finding, unable to drive his damaged four-wheeler any longer, the driver left his vehicle on the spot and fled. Enraged by the incident, mob set the car on fire.However, few local people said that the SUV driver was friends with the injured students and were racing on the relatively empty road at around 10 pm.The police however refused to comment on the allegations saying it is still probing into the matter. \"The injured persons (Adil and Sajid) are unconscious. We are yet to record their statements,\" said Bistupur police station, ASI A K Chaubey deputed at Tata Main Hospital.Deceased Ashraf's family has refused to collect his body from the hospital until the culprits are arrested. \"We want the police to arrest the culprits first, only then we shall claim his body from the hospital,\" said Ashraf's elder brother Hyder Khan. The enraged family members and their acquaintances blocked the Kadma-Sakchi Straight Mile road seeking action against the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873759", "title": "Samajwadi Party MP Tiwari dies following heart attack", "text": "LUCKNOW: A pall of gloom descended over the Samajwadi Party office on Wednesday following the news of death of the party's septuagenarian leader and Rajya Sabha MP, Brij Bhushan Tiwari following a massive heart attack in New Delhi. It was only on Tuesday that Tiwari had taken the oath as member of the Rajya Sabha. He was re-elected on SP's ticket for the second term in the recently held biennial elections.His body was flown from New Delhi to Lucknow airport where it was received by party's senior member and PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav along with host of party workers. His cremation would be done on Thursday at Ayodhya.He is survived by his wife and two sons and two daughters. According to party sources, Tiwari suffered a heart attack on Wednesday morning and was rushed to the Jagjivanram Hospital in New Delhi, where doctors declared him brought dead.Top party functionaries-SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav , UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and several others who were present in New Delhi, rushed to the hospital and paid tributes to him. Both, Akhilesh and Mulayam expressed deep sense of regret over the demise of Tiwari and said that the void created by his death is difficult to fill. His life would continue to inspire people for selfless service for which he was known throughout his political career, they pointed out.Tiwari represented Khalilabad Lok Sabha for three terms in 1977, 1989 and 1996. In 2006, he became RS MP and was re-elected in 2012. Born on October 13, 1941 in Jamni village in Siddarth Nagar district, which was earlier a part of Basti, Tiwari was active in politics since his student days. He led the student's union of the Gorakhpur degree college in 1962-63 and then moved for his post graduation degree to Allahabad, where he became the president of the student's union in 1964-65.A die-hard socialist leader, he was always associated with the socialist movement. The father of socialist movement, Ram Manohar Lohia was so impressed by him that he wrote a book titled 'Vidhyarthi Rajniti', which essentially revolved around the political activism of Tiwari.Recalling his association with Tiwari, Rajmani Pandey, an ex-MLA of the Samajwadi Party of Basti, said, \"Tiwari was a man of great value, who never changed his side irrespective of political avarices for petty gains and always stood by his principles and commitment for the socialist movement.\"His pro-activism landed him in jail for his political movements from time to time and his longest jail stint was during the 1975 Emergency period, when he served the longest jail term of about 19 months in Basti and Lucknow.His unquestionable influence as a socialist leader carved him a special place in the Samajwadi Party where he was counted among the few top leaders after Mulayam Singh Yadav. After the death of Janeshwar Mishra, who was also referred as 'Chotey Lohia', Tiwari was among the few foremost socialist leaders in SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jamalpur", "code": "12875365", "title": "Ayyappa devotees celebrate temple's anniversary", "text": "JAMALPUR: The week-long celebrations at Sree Ayyappa Temple in Jamalpur colony concluded on Wednesday with special prayers offered to Lord Vishnu and Lord Ayyappa by devotees.The religious celebrations had started on April 19 with a 'bhoomi puja' followed by a Bhagwad Gita recital that ended with 'samarpan' on the final day. Temple general secretary Balakrishnan said Srimad Bhagavad Gita is considered a 'mahapurana' among the 18 puranaas. \"The word 'Bhagavatam' means a song about the lord,'' he added.The festival is celebrated every year at the same time such that it concludes on the anniversary of the idol installation in this temple. Lord Ayyappa's idol was bathed with milk, honey and rose and coconut water. The rush of devotees at 5am explained why the Lord Ayyappa is known to bless his devotees in abundance. Bindu Suresh, 40, a devotee, shared one such experience. \"I could not have kids for seven years after my marriage, but once I started paying obeisance to lord Ayyappa, I was soon blessed with a child,'' she said.Traditional food was distributed among devotees who attended the festivities at the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12874749", "title": "Sonia\u2019s Karnataka visit to pep up party?", "text": "BANGALORE: Congress president Sonia Gandhi's visit to Siddaganga mutt on Saturday to greet pontiff Sri Shivakumara Swamiji on his 105th birthday is being seen as a move loaded with political significance. Smelling an opportunity in the disarray within the ruling BJP here, the Congress is looking to pep up the party cadres in Karnataka to bolster its prospects down South.In her one-day trip which comes after a long gap, Sonia will be addressing a general body meeting of the party for over one hour in Tumkur during which she is expected to spell out what the Congress wants from the local leadership.Her visit comes nearly a month after the cold war between KPCC president G Parameshwara and opposition party leader Siddaramaiah as the latter was miffed over the unilateral decisions being taken by the state chief. Both had been called to New Delhi and asked to work in tandem.The same message will be delivered by Sonia as she might utilize the platform to underscore the need for unity and cohesion in the party. The Congress leadership has got down to the task of working out a plan to integrate the party leaders in the state, with the assembly elections less than a year away.The Congress glimpsed its first opening in Karnataka recently when it wrested the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha seat from the BJP by a huge margin.`The victory gave us a strong indication that we can win the elections if we put up a united fight. And Sonia is here to ensure that,\" a senior leader added.WOOING LINGAYATSPolitical observers feel that Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's planned visit to Siddaganga mutt might mark the beginning of caste realignment in the state. The Lingayat seer, who heads 125 institutions, has a huge following across the state's political and social spectrum.With embattled former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's clout being diminished in BJP in the wake of Supreme Court-appointed green panel recommending a CBI probe, Sonia's advisers view this as a golden opportunity to reconnect with the community.The Lingayats make up 17% of Karnataka's population and had moved away from the Congress in 1990, when the leadership unceremoniously removed Veerendra Patil as chief minister in less than a year. He had served as CM from May 1968 to March 1971.The group had backed the Congress for decades but switched loyalties to the BJP with the rise of Yeddyurappa, who reciprocated by handing out huge grants to Lingayat mutts and temples.Over the years, the Congress has realized the absence of a Lingayat face in the party to appease the community and Sonia calling on the seer provides the perfect timing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12875323", "title": "I'm a topper, not a playboy, says son", "text": "Bo Guagua, the son of disgraced Chinese Communist Party leader Bo Xilai , refuted allegations of being a playboy saying that he was a top student all along and studied abroad with scholarships and funds provided by his mother, now being probed for murder of a British businessman . Guagua, 24, who has been in media limelight ever since his high profile parents got embroiled in a major scandal recently, chose to deny allegations not through regular media but through a statement published in the Harvard Crimson , a daily publication of Harvard university where he is studying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12874676", "title": "Reis Magos, Socorro delimitations challenged", "text": "PANAJI: Two petitions have been filed before the high court of Bombay at Goa challenging the delimitation of wards for the panchayat polls in Soccoro and Reis Magos on May 16.In a petition filed by Mohan Arjun Vargaonkar, the delimitation of wards issued on March 31, and the April 16 notification reserving OBC seats for panchayat wards, have been questioned. He has pointed out that as per the provisions of the Panchayati Raj Act, a rotation policy should be followed for reserving wards. The petitioner has pointed out that in Socorro panchayat, ward No. 8-Maina-and 10- Jose Waddo- have now been merged together and renumbered as Ward No. 10 and renamed as Jose Waddo.Senior advocate Surendra Dessai pointed out that the seat had been previously reserved for an OBC candidate in the 2007 elections. Now, after merging and by interchanging the ward numbers, the ward has again been reserved for an OBC candidate. As a result, the petitioner is deprived of his right to contest the elections, he argued. The court will hear the petition further on April 26.Another petition filed by Francisco Colaco challenged the delimitation of ward Nos. 1 2 3 and 5 of Reis Magos panchayat. It has been alleged by the petitioner that various panchayat secretaries and BDOs are being pressurized to alter and delimit wards as per the whims and fancies of local politicians. Advocate general Atmaram Nadkarni opposed the petition and argued that delimitation is as per the rules and regulations and cannot be challenged now in a petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12874456", "title": "Surge in number of vehicles leads to traffic gridlock", "text": "KOCHI: The steady rise in vehicle population and the inability of city roads to handle the ever increasing traffic are making life hard for commuters.According to data available with the Motor Vehicles Department (MVD), 8,871 new vehicles were registered in the city in the first three months this year, a 22 per cent increase from last year.In this period last year, 7,283 new vehicles were registered. Ernakulam Regional Transport Officer (RTO) T J Thomas said increasing number of vehicles and poor infrastructure was a common phenomenon in cities like Kochi. The only solution will be to encourage people to use the public transport system.\"Currently we don't have any provision to control registration of new vehicles as some foreign countries have. Traffic congestion can be reduced only if the city has adequate parking space,\" Thomas said.Over the last five years, 1.29 lakh new vehicles were registered in the city alone. According to MVD data, every year a minimum of 25,000 new vehicles are registered in the city. The total number of vehicles registered includes 61,352 motorcycles and 39,186 cars.According to experts in National Transportation Planning and Research Centre (NATPAC), the alarming increase in number of vehicles will lead to major traffic hold ups in the future. T Elangovan, head, traffic and transport department of the NATPAC, said currently the vehicle intake of city roads had exceeded its limit by 40%, as a result of unscientific town planning.He said 60,000 vehicles passed through the Vyttila bypass on a single day, which is double the expected capacity of the national highway.\"At present, a two-lane road can accommodate only 15,000 vehicles a day, while a four-lane road can accommodate up to 30,000 and 35,000 vehicles,\" he said. \"If town planners neglect this fact, there will be heavy traffic havoc in the future,\" he added.Meanwhile, town planners said most people in the city depended on private vehicles and that this should change. \"Public transportation should be improved to attract people to it. Once people take to public transport, traffic congestion will ease,\" said K J Sohan, chairman, Town Planning Committee, Kochi Corporation.BOXTotal vehicles registered in first three months of:2011 - 7,2832012 - 8,871Year-over-year vehicle registration2007 - 27,0442008 - 23,6092009 - 22,6532010 - 26,8662011 - 29,511", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12874515", "title": "Shahabuddin gets 3 hrs to attend son\u2019s marriage", "text": "JODHPUR: A local court here on Wednesday permitted Shahabuddhin, one of the accused in the abduction and murder of Bhanwari Devi, to attend the marriage of his son for three hours on Thursday. The court, however, rejected an interim bail of one month sought by him to attend the marriage.Shahabuddin is the second accused to seek the bail. Before this, Paras Ram Bishnoi had moved a similar application before the court, the decision on which is pending in the court.Earlier, Shahabuddin had moved an application before the ACJM (SC/ST cases) seeking interim bail for a month to attend the marriage of his son. Special public prosecutor (CBI) Ashok Joshi objected to the bail and argued that it was completely irrational to seek one month's bail for a marriage. Admitting his objection, magistrate Anoop Kumar Saxena rejected the bail application but permitted him to attend his son's wedding ceremony on Thursday for just three hours. According to the orders of the court, he will leave the jail at 11.00 am and will be back by 2.00 pm amid tight security.Shahabuddin along with Sohan Lal Bishoni had abducted Bhanwari Devi on September 1 last year from Bilara and had handed her over to the gang of Bishnaram Bishnoi after strangulating her in their vehicle.On the other hand, the arguments on the bail application of Paras Ram Bishnoi have been completed and the decision will be pronounced on May 2, the day the trial of all the 17 accused in the case is expected to begin after the committal of the third chargesheet by the CBI court to the court of ACJM (SC/ST Cases).Though Indra Bishnoi, one of the main accused and conspirator, is absconding for nearly five months despite all efforts by the CBI, the prosecution has also charged her in the current chargesheet under Sections 120B, 364, 201 and 302 of IPC besides a separate police case under Section 174 A of IPC.\"Even if she does not surrender or is not arrested, her trial will also begin along with all the 16 accused from May 2 as now she has been chargesheeted with option of interrogation still open,\" said Joshi. He said that her disappearance will not save her from conviction and all the charges will be read against her during trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12875118", "title": "MBBS seat at Rs 35 lakh, MD at Rs 1.5 cr in state", "text": "INDORE: The results of Class XII board examination and other competitive examinations are yet to be declared, but anxious aspirants for medical and engineering seats have already begun to look for options. If ensuring a seat in the private medical and engineering colleges of the state to pursue the course of their choice is the worry of a student, capitation fee is the added woe for the parents.Sources informed TOI, \"An MBBS seat costs anywhere between Rs 30 and 35 lakh while the price tag of post-graduate seat is between Rs 70 lakh and 1.5 crore in the state based on the desirable branch. Among the most sought-after courses are radiology, orthopaedics, dermatology, psychiatry, obstetrics and gynecology.According to an educational consultant, Arpit Pandya, \"Parents have begun search for seats as early as January, even before the board examinations begin. Though there is no dearth of seats, colleges encourage this because they want all their seats to get filled.\"If the hunt is for a top-of-the ladder college, then an MBBS seats will carry a price tag of Rs 35 lakh, and a seat in any of the subsequent colleges can range from Rs 25 to Rs 30 lakh, sources said.One of the parents said that he booked a seat for his son in a leading college outside the city. He had a budget of 35 lakh but could obtain it for Rs 30 lakh. It was a fixed price tag, he said, with no scope of bargain on the capitation fee. \"I have only one child, and don't see why he should travel out of the state or country for his medical degree. I thought it's best to avoid such problems,\" said Dharmesh Rane, a parent.These amounts prevail till the declaration of Class XII results. The capitation fees demanded by colleges post Class XII results may increase. \"In the last leg of the admission season, you cannot get a seat for this amount. After the results are out, the rates are likely to go up in top colleges and it could even double,\" said Pandya.As compared to the engineering colleges, the rush is more at medical colleges because of the limited number of seats on the block. However, to get a desirable engineering branch like mechanical and civil, one has to give anywhere ranging from Rs 50,000 to 1.5 lakh for a seat.Every year, thousands of students apply for MBBS seats in six government medical colleges. So, those who do not secure admission through the entrance examination will either appear for the MP All India Dental and Medical Admission Test or resort to backdoor entry.The cost of higher education in medicine too has been catapulted. However, in comparison to medical colleges in southern states, the capitation fee for a postgraduate degree in radiology, which costs Rs 3 crore there, costs about Rs 1 to Rs 1.5 crore apart from the tuition fee.However, it is not like anybody can just walk in and secure a seat in a top college for a price. The seat booking comes with a caveat. The student must have secured a respectable cut-off score in any of the medical entrance exam or state's MP DMAT, else the booking will be nixed.\"When a student becomes a doctor, none ask his qualifications. But in the compact medical fraternity, news spreads quickly and sometimes even spoils the image. So colleges don't want to jeopardize the future of all the students on campus for the sake of those who are willing to pay,\" said educational consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi.Box:Number of private medical colleges in state: 6Cost for MBBS seat- Rs 30-35 lakhCost for MD seat- anywhere in between Rs 70 lakh- 1.5 croreTop five MD branchesRadiology- 1 to 1.5 croreOrthopaedics- 80 lakhSkin- 80 lakhPsychiatry - 80 lakhObs-gynae- 70-80 lakh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12874009", "title": "City police lodge FIR against girl who tried to kill herself", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have lodged an FIR against the girl, who had attempted suicide at the Tehsil office premises by consuming poison on Tuesday. The girl is undergoing treatment in the Civil Hospital and the police are waiting for her statement.There was commotion in the office of the Naib Tehsildar after the girl, identified as Poonam, consumed a certain poisonous substance, apparently as a protest, on Tuesday.After the registration of a sale deed, the girl, who was a seller of the land, had approached the joint sub-registrar on April 20 claiming that although the document was registered the entire amount due to her was not paid to her. So she wanted the sale deed to be cancelled.The girl had earlier gone to the Tehsil office on April 18 for registering the sale deed of her land in the name of her close relative, Sunder lal. According to her, Sunder had given only Rs 5 lakh to her and her sister while the deal was for Rs 1 crore.On Tuesday, the girl wanted the balance amount due to her to be paid and threatened suicide to the additional sub-registrar. When she was told the sale deed could not be cancelled, she consumed poison.On Wednesday, Joint Sub-Registrar Rammehar Singh lodged a complaint with the Civil Lines police. \"We have lodged an FIR against Poonam on the charge of attempt to commit suicide and are investigating. We have also taken the statement of the accused Poonam soon,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12874352", "title": "Veteran artist remains unsung in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At 77, Bhubaneswar Mohapatra still creates magic on stone and wood with the help of a chisel. Notwithstanding several accolades from a cross section of people, the veteran craftsman from Puri remains an unsung artist in the state.\"My work was appreciated by people from India and abroad. Former Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru too patted me. But I am yet to get due recognition from the Centre and the state government,\" said Mohapatra, who started stone-carving when he was just 17 years old.\"I have been aspiring to receive the Shilp Guru award from the handicrafts wing of Union ministry of textiles for several years now. I am hopeful this time as well,\" Moharana said.The prestigious award is given to artistes with innovative and creative products of high excellence to their credit. The products are also required to be highly aesthetic, of high value and quality.He became emotional when Jagannath temple's chief administrator P K Mohapatra appreciated his work in public and handed him a letter of appreciation last week. \"He is a great artist and has been serving during the Lord Jagannath's Rath Yatra since long. He deserves national recognition,\" Mohapatra quoted the letter as saying.He is also gearing up to beautify the chariots of the deities of Jagannath temple for the ensuing Rath Yatra. Every year, Mohapatra carves out fine arts on the exterior of chariots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873056", "title": "Juhu accident: 2nd surgery for survivor", "text": "MUMBAI: The Juhu Tara Road drunk driving mishap's lone surviving girl, Priyanka Rai (22), underwent a second surgery on Wednesday to repair her nasal fracture. Doctors at the Criticare Hospital in Andheri (West) also removed a few glass pieces embedded on her face.Priyanka was grievously injured when the speeding car, in which she and five of her friends were travelling, crashed into a tree and later into an autorickshaw. Her friend Shivani Rawat (18), died within hours of the accident, while another friend Nimisha Mane (19) died two weeks later.Krishna Mani Thevar, who was also in the car, and Rahul Mishra (23), who was driving under the influence of alcohol, escaped with minor injuries.Doctors at Criticare, where Priyanka has been hospitalized for nearly a month, said Wednesday's surgery was to fix a her nose fracture.\"She had a fracture in the bone over the bridge of the nose that had to be corrected. Also, the doctors removed 2-3 glass pieces that were stuck under the skin of her face,\" said Dr Dr Harshad Argekar, the orthopaedic surgeon, who has been treating Priyanka.Earlier, Priyanka had undergone a surgery to fix the fracture on her right thigh bone. Dr Argekar said that she has recovered well from that surgery. \"We will remove stitches soon so that the bone heals well,\" he said.However, the team of doctors attending to the girl are now worried about her stalled neurological recovery as there has not been any sign of improvement in the last one week.Though Priyanka is no longer in a comatose condition, the 22-year-old is yet to regain full consciousness.Dr Abhay Vispute, who is also treating her, said, \"She can only respond to voice commands. She is doing good but it is a long road ahead for her recovery,\" he said.Dr Argekar added that Priyanka can breathe on her own but she still requires oxygen support from time to time. Priyanka's father Markandaya said her response to their voice commands is also sporadic. \"Sometimes she responds, sometimes she does not. But, we are not losing hope and doctors are trying their best,\" the girl's father said.The family is already reeling under a financial burden having spent close to Rs 10 lakh. \"We have taken loans from every possible acquaintance. Her medical expenses are adding up and they will keep increasing. We do not know what to do about that,\" said the father, who works as a supervisor in a transport company.\"Priyanka had saved some money for her marriage. We have used that, too. As of now, the priority is to see her talking, walking,\" her father said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873913", "title": "A S Rao Nagar in high street map of India", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city's status as a major retail destination has got yet another boost with the AS Rao Nagar area emerging as the surprise numero uno high street destination in terms of notching the steepest hike in rentals across the country ahead of other high street destinations in cities like NCR, Bangalore, Kolkata and Chennai.According to a retail real estate market study for the January-March quarter of 2012 conducted by global real estate consultancy firm Cushman &amp; Wakefield, AS Rao Nagar, which is emerging as a much sought after address by retailers, has recorded the steepest hike of 26.7% in monthly rentals that rose to Rs 95 per sft.The city's Punjagutta area emerged as the third fastest growing high street destination in the country with an over 20% jump in monthly rentals to Rs 120 per sft, according to the survey. Vittal Mallya Road of Bangalore was the second fastest growing high street destination in the country with a 25% rise in monthly rentals to Rs 250 per sft.A S Rao Nagar also beat other high street destinations like Kolkata's Park Street that grew 14.30% in terms of monthly rentals to Rs 400 per sft as well as Chennai's Khadar Nawaz Khan Road that saw a 10.8% rise in rentals to Rs 205 per sft per month and NCR's South Extension I and II that saw rentals rising 9.10% to Rs 600 per sft per month.Jaideep Wahi, director, retail services, Cushman &amp; Wakefield, attributed the steepest hike in rentals to the high retailer demand for space in Hyderabad due to favorable consumer demand and affordable rentals as compared to other cities in India.\"The persistent leasing enquiries and scarcity of suitable space in Hyderabad's prime high streets and mall locations had pushed rentals upwards in the range of 9% to 20% across the city. The high demand for retail has led to vacancy of less than 2% in existing malls where retailers are conceding to renew their contracts with developers on higher rentals to avoid relocation,\" he said.\"With several high-end/small format retailers actively evaluating space options, developers are willing to customize their spaces in order to accommodate expansion plans for the under-tapped retail potential in the city,\" Wahi added.The study pointed out that the first quarter of the year had been positive for the overall retail market in India with the mall space moving cautiously to ensure a stable demand-supply ratio to maintain rental values even as high street destinations have continued to see increased demand and interest from a range of retailers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874300", "title": "Child development official transferred", "text": "KOLKATA: Additional chief secretary of child development and women and social welfare departments, Tuk Tuk Kumar, has been transferred to the department of science and technology. Kumar has not been getting along with the new government for some time now.She has been shunted to the biotechnology department replacing K S Rajendra Kumar , who retires at the end of this month.The IAS officer, who has returned last year from a long stint at Delhi, had got into a row with the secretary to the chief minister over a note she had sent.She was asked to withdraw the note and her promotion as additional chief secretary last month was delayed as she refused to do so. Though, she got the promotion later, but the cheers did not last for long as she was transferred from her department. the transfer order now she has been transferred out of her current departments rather unceremoniously.Officials said that Kumar was having difficulty adjusting with the new dispensation because of her straight forwardness.matters got complicated when chief minister Mamata Banerjee took away child development from Sabitri Mitra and made Shyamapada Mukherjee the minister.Kumar had remained the secretary for both departments and was having problems with Mitra, who was the minister of women and social welfare department.Kumar will be replaced by Uma Mukherjee, special secretary, forest . Mukherjee has been promoted to the rank of secretary along with Nandini Chakraborty, secretary, information and cultural affairs department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12875251", "title": "These seniors, juniors share a great bond", "text": "LUDHIANA: What started as an humble approach to help their juniors from school developed in to an invaluable friendship between Vatika Jain, 17, Isha Aggarwal, 17, Chiranjeev Singh, 13, and Rachit Arora, 14. The group attends the same tution centre, where they started interacting with each other around four years ago.Kitchlu Nagar resident Isha says, \"Rachit and Chiranjeev are our juniors, so we try to help them in academics or other wise as well. We even discuss movies, games and share views on other issues.''Mall Road resident Vatika says she has known Isha since childhood and when they met Rachit and Chiranjeev, they bonded quite easily. \"Being younger to us, both the boys take our advise on all their issues and act accordingly,'' she adds.Vatika and Isha have both appeared for their Class XII exams recently.Kitchlu Nagar resident Rachit says he had seen his friends in school but became friends with them only when he joined the tution. \"They are always helping and guide us in the right way. We keep meeting each other frequently,'' he adds.Chiranjeev, who resides near PAU campus, says he respects his friends for their ever ready support. \"I recently had a problem in mathematics and they helped me understand it easily,'' he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12874993", "title": "Congress to go on rath yatra, chant the name of Ram", "text": "BHOPAL: Out of power in Madhya Pradesh for eight years, the state Congress has started adopting the BJP's electoral techniques for mission 2013. To defeat the BJP, the state Congress has decided to go on a rath yatra'' and chant the name of Ram.Seven months ago, veteran BJP leader LK Advani went on a cross-country Jan Chetna Rath Yatra for good governance, clean politics and against corruption.Now in BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh, the Congress will take out a rath yatra by the same name to expose alleged corruption, law and order breakdown and illegal mining activities against the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government.Congress, which always criticised the BJP for misusing the name of Ram for political mileage, will start its yatra from the temple of the deity in Orchha on May 11.Leader of Opposition Ajay Singh denied his rath yatra was similar to the BJP's or that the Congress was borrowing ideas from the rival political party. Taking a swipe at the BJP, he added: LK Advani went on rath yatras to become the Prime Minister of the country. We are taking out a rath yatra to bring the Congress to power in Madhya Pradesh.''Sources in the party, however, narrated a different story. According to the party insiders, after facing two consecutive defeats in 2003 and 2008, it has been decided to pay back the BJP with its own coin in 2013.The Congress has not forgotten BJP leader Uma Bharati's Sankalp Yatra which started in 2002 and brought down the Digvijay Singh government in December 2003.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873085", "title": "'Attacks on journalists unacceptable'", "text": "PUNE: Chairman of the Press Council of India (PCI) and former Supreme Court judge Markandey Katju said here on Wednesday that the Maharashtra government has been directed to ensure that strong measures are taken to prevent incidents of attacks on journalists and media establishments.Justice Katju, who is in the city to attend a three-day meeting of the 28-member PCI, also expressed concern over the Mumbai police's probe into the murder of senior scribe J Dey, in the wake of complaints by media representatives seeking a re-look into the murder investigation. Dey was murdered near his house in Powai, Mumbai, on June 11 last year.Katju told reporters at a meet-the-press event, \"We (PCI) are concerned about the matter as we are told that the police are trying to do a cover up. Also, we have been told that the probe has not been done in a scientific manner going by the chargesheet that implicates a female journalist. The media in Mumbai wants a re-look into the case,\" he said.Referring to attacks on journalists, Katju said 800 instances of attacks on journalists and media establishments like the offices of newspapers, have been reported in Maharashtra over the last 15 years. \"This is totally unacceptable. The media has the right to report and acts of physical assault or vandalism to prevent it from reporting, cannot be accepted.\"He said, \"The PCI had issued a show cause notice to the Maharashtra CM asking why the President should not be recommended for dismissal of the government over these attacks. The notice was withdrawn only after the chief minister's assurance of appropriate action in the matter. However, the withdrawal was subject to a directive that strong measures be taken to prevent attacks on journalists.\"Earlier, he said that a three-member PCI panel was investigating complaints about Bihar government's arm-twisting tactics against journalists to ensure that only stories that project the government in a positive shade are published.\"Journalists are scared of writing against the (Bihar CM) Nitish Kumar government out of the fear of losing their jobs. This is a violation of freedom of the press and we have reached a tentative opinion that it is a sort of undeclared emergency for the media. The PCI panel report will bring out the facts for us to take a final position on the matter,\" said Katju.Katju advocated the need for effecting a drastic amendment in the Contempt of Court laws, which, he said, are based on what the erstwhile British regime had provided to suit their own interest and to protect the authority of the crown.Katju was, however, of the opinion that social media should be regulated. \"It is high time that we regulate the social media which is like a double-edged weapon that can benefit but can also do a lot of harm,\" he said. \"Social media, if unregulated, can create anarchy. We must engage in scientific research to find ways to filter the offensive matter that often gets posted on social media sites. I am not talking of blocking these sites but I am for filtering offensive material that can not only affect individual reputations but can also cause social tension and disturbance.\"Katju said the PCI has sent a letter to information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni and to HRD minister Kapil Sibal seeking the setting up of a committee to find out ways to deal with social media sites. \"I am against control of the media but I am for regulation. Freedom is subject to reasonable restrictions in public interest.\" Like most other professions, the media also has to be socially responsible and accountable. Some balance has to be struck to see that the media is not allowed to do things left, right and centre,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12874830", "title": "Money luring youth to extremism, says CPM leader", "text": "KANNUR: The CPM recently made a statement that its workers were being threatened by extremists in the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) and that party activists were being forced to leave IUML hubs like Ariyil.Though this statement was made a few weeks after the murder of Muslim Youth League activist Abdukkul Shukkoor at Ariyil in Pattuvam panchayat more than two months back, the recent developments show that these allegations have some element of truth in them. And the threat is not confined to Ariyil alone.\"Though the party won't officially agree that its strongholds are under threat from such elements, it is a truth no one can deny,\" said a CPM activist in Pappinissery, a party bastion. \"There are many cases where people, especially those staying in rented accommodations, leaving places like Kaliassery, Pappinissery, and Uliyil, near Mattannur,\" he says.Incidentally, these are the places where the Popular Front of India (PFI), formerly known as the National Development Front (NDF), has a noticeable presence. The PFI however asserts that it has never supported any nefarious activities.Though the IUML would deny that any extremist elements have sneaked into it, the attack on CPM district secretary P Jayarajan, which led to the murder of Shukkoor on February 20, was the act of such a group. Two days before that incident, another CPM activist was attacked in Pattuvam by IUML activists.It was also the force behind the processions that raised provocative slogans in many parts of the district in connection with the IUML fifth minister issue. The IUML leadership remained a mute spectator on these occasions.\"In Kannur and many other places in Malabar, there is a vicious multi-layered circle connected to black money, terrorism and anti-national elements working for our enemy nation,\" said a police officer, who is apprehensive about Kannur transforming itself into the hub for youths inclined towards terrorist activities for financial gains. \"Thadiyantavide Nazeer is not an isolated case,\" he asserts.When Kannur police, this week, arrested two youths who are part of a gang that raised money by looting people allegedly for funds to influence the witnesses in the Kashmir terrorist recruitment case, police clearly said that some of the suspects in this gang were IUML activists.\"If the IUML leadership fails to control such elements, and takes no action to prevent the entry of such anti-socials into the party fold, that would prove disastrous to that party,\" said a police officer. He said he had conveyed this message to the IUML leadership.Though the IUML may deny there are extremist elements in the party, according to the Intelligence Department, this is a major problem that the party is facing. The party leadership is not ignorant about this though they might say that political rivals are behind such allegations.With police laying trap to nab more of those accused in the fund raising case, the IUML is clearly on the defensive, as is the CPM, which is finding it tough to handle the Shukkoor murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12875225", "title": "Pakistan comedian abducted for poking fun at militants", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A comedian who poked fun at the Taliban's practice of apprehending thieves and meting out summary punishment to them was kidnapped from Peshawar in Pakistan while he was entertaining guests at a wedding, according to a media report on Wednesday.Nisar Khan had recently written a comic song about thieves being caught and punished by the militants with lyrics like: \"Shave my head, paint my face black; Mount me on a donkey and make fun of me\" .Khan was entertaining guests at a wedding at Matani, a suburb of Peshawar, on Monday when around 20 militants entered the guesthouse where he was performing and abducted him.The militants told the gathering they \"needed an entertainer urgently\" . \"They told people not to panic and that Nisar is being taken away only for a few days. They said he will not be harmed,\" an unnamed person said.Residents said, Khan often makes militants the butt of his jokes. They said they believed this was the reason why he had been picked up by the militants. Khan had been kidnapped by militants last year and released a week later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874499", "title": "I-T conducts raid at over 20 places", "text": "JAIPUR: The income tax department on Wednesday conducted search and seizure operations at 20 different places in the city.Search operations were conducted on a prominent businessman who owns various hotels and factories.A senior official said, \"The search is going on at residences, offices and hotels in Jaipur, Dausa and Delhi and Mumbai.\" He added, \"The search operation has also been done on the few associated people.\" The businessman has three hotels at prime locations in the city. He also owns factories in Sitapura Industrial area and have residence near Trimurti circle, a prime location of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12874464", "title": "RTU revamps course structure to attract students", "text": "JAIPUR: The sudden spurt of private universities has created stiff competition for colleges affiliated to Rajasthan Technical University (RTU). The state has 33 private universities, with some of them innovating and experimenting with the content to make them industry-friendly.In a bid to counter the growing challenge that the private universities have posed by attracting students, RTU has come up with a major facelift plan to infuse energy in the entire academic setup.RTU has been bringing changes in every engineering branch making it 'industrially-friendly.' They have decided to shift tougher courses from the first and second semesters to other semesters.The university has identified subjects which the students find difficult to clear in the first semester and will shift them to the next semester. \"Computer fundamentals, computer programming and engineering mechanics have been moved to next year as only 2 out of 10 students passed in the exam this year,\" said R P Yadav, vice chancellor of RTU.The changes have been made in accordance with the feedback taken from prominent recruiters, promoters of education and students graduating from RTU colleges. Electrical and electronics have been shifted to first semesters as they are relatively easy subject. The university is reducing the number of subjects in the first semester, from 6 to 5 in the coming session. Chemistry and environment have been integrated into one subject to give relief to students in the second semester.Out of the total students almost 50 per cent of them come from Hindi-medium background and thus fall short on soft skills. Keeping in mind the need of the hour, the university sensitizes the students on etiquettes, cultural sensibilities, accountability, team spirit, values, etc. A new course of communicative English has been introduced in the first semester and communication techniques in the second.Sometimes, students fail to understand 'cultural sensibilities' while working in a globalised environment, hence they must be trained to conduct themselves well in such situations. For them a short course on professional ethics will be introduced, however, it has not been decided in which semester. RTU has 150 engineering colleges affiliated to it with an intake capacity of over 50,000 students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12873512", "title": "Girl shot dead for spurning advances by classmate", "text": "KANPUR: Teenaged daughter of an ex-armyman was on Wednesday shot dead in her house in chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's hometown Etawah by her classmate for spurning his advances. The youth later attempted suicide by shooting himself but survived and is hospitalized in a critical condition.Ritu Singh (18) daughter of a retired army officer, Abhay Ram Singh Yadav, was shot at about 6 am in front of her niece Indu in Hajipura village in Bharthana township when her parents had gone to nearby fields to harvest crop. The accused, Brijendra alias Bablu, later attempted suicide by shooting himself at a desolate place about a kilometer from the murder spot.Locals said Bablu was having a one-sided affair with Ritu and when she repeatedly rejected his advances, he decided to kill the girl and end his own life.The girl's family said Bablu had been harassing Ritu for about a year and had also created a scene outside their college a few days ago.Circle Officer Janardan Tewari said the police were questioning the accused's family members. \"The incident took place when Ritu's parents had gone to the fields. As Ritu and her elder sister's daughter Indu were doing some household chores, accused Bablu arrived on the scene and entered into a scuffle with Ritu. He then whipped out a gun and fired at her at point blank range. Even as Indu shouted for help, Bablu escaped unchallenged.\"\"Later, Bablu reportedly shot himself and was found lying in a pool of blood about a kilometer from Ritu's house,\" the officer said adding, \"while Ritu was rushed to a nearby hospital where the doctors declared her brought dead, Bablu was battling for life at the District Hospital.\"Abhay Ram Singh Yadav said Bablu and Ritu were classmates and had also appeared in the recently concluded UP Board Inter exams.The Circle Officer said the weapon used in the murder has been recovered and the girl's father has lodged an FIR against Bablu under Section 302 of the IPC with the Kotwali police. The girl's body has been sent for post-mortem and investigations are underway, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12877968", "title": "Anushka\u2019s special act in YRF's film", "text": "While we'd told you Anushka Sharma plays the second lead in Yash Chopra's yet untitled film, we can now reveal it's a bit of an extended cameo.Reportedly, Anushka agreed to play the second fiddle because Aditya Chopra convinced her of the role being modeled on that of Rani Mukerji in Veer-Zaara.A source close to the film revealed, \"Anushka plays a very quiet attentive character in the film. She makes an entry only in the second half. The reason she agreed to do it is because it is a YRF project and she can never say no to her mentors.\"Had Rani not done the Veer-Zaara role already and had there been no generation gap between Katrina and her, she would have actually taken over from Anushka.The source further said, \"In any case, there was no question of saying no to Aditya Chopra. Whatever hesitation Anushka might have had was washed away when she got to know about her role. Like Rani, Anushka plays SRK's soundingboard, the girl he confides in about his heartbreak. Anushka had to be a good listener and that's a tough one for her because she likes to talk.\"Buzz is Yash Raj is contemplating billing Anushka as guest appearance to make life easier for Chopra Sr. Explained the source, \"Yash Chopra still shudders at what he had to go through to cast the second girl in Dil To Pagal Hai after Madhuri Dixit was signed. And considering Anushka's role in the new film is far smaller than Karisma Kapoor's in Dil To Pagal Hai and she appears only in the second half, the Chopras definitely owe her one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12874004", "title": "'D-voter category not applicable in Meghalaya'", "text": "SHILLONG: In the backdrop of sporadic incidents of violence by suspected NGO activists on the issue of issuance of electoral photo identity cards (EPIC), the state government on Wednesday made it categorical that it was strictly following instructions of the Election Commission (EC) in this regard and that the \"doubtful voter\" category was not applicable in Meghalaya.Dwelling on the process of issuance of EPICs, chief electoral officer (CEO) Prashant Naik said it was an \"open process with enough safeguards\", even as he iterated that he had been following the directions of the EC. \"I have officially communicated this to the NGOs,\" the CEO said. He added that the authorities were prepared to look into specific cases of objection as per provisions of law.\"Our idea is to include all eligible voters without any communal divide,\" said Naik. We agree that no foreign national should be included in the electoral roll,\" he said. He added that there was a mechanism available for checks and balances.Asked about the issues raised by NGOs on alleged inclusion of foreigners in the electoral rolls, Naik exhorted them to formally file their objections. \"We will take action. I am always available to talk as I am a public servant. If anyone is a foreigner, he has to be deported as per provisions of law,\" the CEO said.Commenting on the issue of \"doubtful voters\", the CEO said the provision was applicable only to Assam and not any other state in the country because of \"certain specific issues\" related to the Assam agitation. Clarifying that there were two categories of Nepalese inhabitants in India, Indian Nepalese and Nepali Nepalese, he said only the former had the right to vote in this country as per provisions of the Indo-Nepal Treaty of Peace and Friendship, 1950.Emphasizing that electoral rolls were prepared on the basis that no eligible voter is left out and no ineligible voter is included, he said there are 13.75 lakh voters in the state at present. \"However, the projected number of electorate on the basis of census is 14.9 lakh,\" he added.He said voters' facilitation cells have been opened in the office of deputy commissioners and sub-divisional officers for issue of forms for inclusion, deletion, transfer and correction of electoral roll as per EC guidance.On the other hand, the state government on Wednesday invited the four NGOs agitating against the alleged enrolment of \"dubious voters\" in the state for talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873714", "title": "UK doctors operate on tender hearts for free", "text": "MUMBAI: A four-month-old baby, weighing 2 kg, lies on a bed in the ICU of Holy Family Hospital, Bandra. Her tiny body is strapped with tubes that connect to a machine monitoring her heartbeat and blood pressure. Till last week, she suffered from holes in the wall of her heart.Her parents were told before her birth that she had an irregular heartbeat. They could not afford corrective surgery after birth as it was very expensive. But the baby was among a lucky few who got treated at a subsidized rate. A group of doctors from the United Kingdom conducted a corrective surgery on the baby earlier this week.The team of eight doctors are from a charitable organization 'Healing Little Hearts', which collaborates with Holy Family hospital. They conduct surgeries on children with heart ailments whose parents cannot afford the treatment.Organization founder Dr Sanjiv Nichani points to disturbing facts: every year, around 2.5 lakh children are born with heart problems in India. Around 32% of these children need surgery but only 8% are operated upon. \"It's a hidden tragedy people don't know about,\" he said. \"Till now, we have conducted 152 such surgeries for needy children suffering from heart ailments,\" he said. Six children have already been operated upon; four others are lined up for surgery till Saturday.\"We have been doing this once every two or three months since the past five years,\" said Dr Brian Pinto, chief of cardiology at the Holy Family Hospital. \"Each time we aim to treat about ten cases from an economically challenged section,\" he added. The doctors from UK do not charge a fee for the surgeries. Parents pay a nominal fee while most hospital expenses are met with funds raised by social workers there.Five-year-old Nadine Barretto, for instance, is another child who suffered from cardiac problems since birth. The kindergarten student suffered from frequent breathlessness. Her fast recovery after the surgery last week, took the doctors by surprise. \"She has responded well post-surgery,\" says Anthony Barretto, Nadine's father. \"Though we had the option to get the surgery done when the doctors came in February, we were not mentally prepared then for the operation,\" says Barretto.Meanwhile, the four-month-old baby, who is yet to be named, is also recovering. \"We have not seen her yet, but we hear she's doing fine,\" says Das Muthulaxmi, her father. \"We are lucky that we got economic from the doctors,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873378", "title": "CBI takes Tatra trucks probe to foreign shores", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI's probe into the Tatra scam is spreading internationally, with the agency finding clues of a far more sophisticated web of money transfers than what was presumed until now. The agency is set to issue Letter Rogatories (LRs) to Hong Kong and Singapore, where it believes NRI businessman Ravi Rishi, the key figure behind Tatra trucks' supply to the Indian Army, had complex financial operations, and some of which could be linked to the Tatra contract.Army chief General V K Singh in his statement to the CBI had claimed that he was offered Rs 14 crore by Lt Gen Tejinder Singh on behalf of Rishi, and he was told that officers before him have collected similar bribes. It is possible, sources admit, that Rishi could have been transferring money across secretive tax havens to pay off some of his Indian contacts. CBI has already issued LRs to Czech Republic, Slovakia, the UK and Liechtenstein, seeking details of Rishi's companies and trusts. Sources said Rishi has been operating companies in both Hong Kong and Singapore for the past several years, and may have been transferring money from these countries to tax havens and other destinations.ToI has already reported that he operated at least one trust in Liechtenstein since 1986, and this trust had been controlling at least one of his Hong Kong firms.Besides, the CBI has established that the \"supply of Tatra trucks to the Army was very irregular since 1997\" and that \"indigenization process of the Tatra was very slow\", said sources, indicating that the noose may be tightening around some BEML officials.According to sources, BEML chief V R S Natarajan failed to give satisfactory response on both the counts during his questioning by the CBI. On Wednesday, BEML's director (finance), J B Diwale, was questioned for several hours. The CBI is now certain, based on documents from the UK, that Tatra Sipox was just an \"agent\" for the manufacturing company. Indian military procurement rules do not permit dealings with agents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875396", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party farmers' rally in Delhi on May 16", "text": "NAGPUR: A couple of days after a Vidarbha farmer in his suicide note exhorted people against voting for the Congress and the NCP in next elections, the Nationalist Congress Party led by Sharad Pawar created a political stir on Wednesday with announcement to hold a massive rally in Delhi's Jantar Mantar. The rally on May 16 is to support major farmer related issues like removing curbs on agriculture imports, continuing of subsidies and increasing minimum support prices for farm produce.The rally is being seen in political circles as muscle flexing by the NCP after the UPA government did not pay much heed to Pawar's recent letter demanding lifting of curbs on exports of cotton sugar and some other agriculture commodities. Not surprisingly, immediately after the rally announcement, Congress president Sonia Gandhi sought to placate the Maratha strongman at a meeting held at 10, Janpath on Wednesday.Last Friday Gajanan Gothekar, a farmer from village Kothoda in Yavatmal district, committed suicide citing economic distress. But before he ended his life in desperation, he left a note in which he said the Congress and the NCP were insensitive to farmers' issues and hence people should desist from voting these parties to power in future.\"The NCP decision to support farmers is welcome. But from March 4 when the ban was imposed on cotton, prices have slid by Rs 1,000 a quintal of cotton. Since then around a 100 farmers ended lives in the cotton belt, also the farmers have suffered a heavy loss. Who is responsible for all this,\" asked Kishore Tiwari of Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti. But BJAS will support the NCP rally in the larger interests of farmers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12874419", "title": "No takers for Congress tickets in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: There are no takers in the Congress for tickets for the bypolls. A day after the Election Commission announced that the bypolls for 18 assembly seats and one Lok Sabha constituency would be held on June 12, at least eight candidates shortlisted by the PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana have backed out.A desperate Congress high command is now sending AICC leaders Ghulam Nabi Azad and Vayalar Ravi to Hyderabad this weekend to persuade Congress leaders to take on 's YSR Congress in the bypolls being dubbed as mini-assembly elections.Botsa had prepared a list of 14 names as candidates for the bypolls last week. However, Congress sources said many of them were mere probables who are now conveying to the state party bosses that they would prefer not to contest. \"Publicly, the leaders are saying that they are backing out because they do not have the Rs 6-7 crore needed for bypoll expenditure. However, the reality is that the candidates think they don't stand a chance as the YSR candidates are very strong,\" said party sources.Take the case of Ananta Subba Reddy, who the Congress had shortlisted as its candidate from Anantapur urban assembly seat. Subba Reddy is not averse to contesting the polls, but his brother and Anantapur MP A Venkatram Reddy is against Subba contesting on the grounds that he would suffer a humiliating defeat at the hands of sitting legislator and YSR Congress nominee G Gurnatha Reddy. The Congress is now scouting for a leader from the minority community to be fielded from Anantapur urban.From Allagada assembly seat in Kurnool district, the party had shortlisted the name of Gangula Pratap Reddy but on Wednesday, he told the media that he is not keen to contest the bypolls.According to sources, the candidates named for many other assembly seats are still to confirm their candidature, while the ruling party does not as yet have a nominee for constituencies like Payakaraopet (SC), Prathipadu (SC), Ongole and Macherla. Similar is the situation in Parakal in Warangal district, the lone assembly segment going to the polls in the volatile Telangana region.The main reason for the paucity of candidates for the Congress is said to be former chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy's policy of grooming his protege as the sole leader in each assembly segment. As a result, with the sitting Congress legislators jumping into the Jagan bandwagon, the Congress now has no leader of stature left in the 18 constituencies.With the Congress is facing a crisis even before the bypolls are held, Azad and Ravi are expected in Hyderabad on Sunday. However, with May 25 being the last date for filing nominations, the Congress is hopeful that it would have its candidates ready at least by that date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874316", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation issues tender for Calico dome's repair", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Calico Dome which once represented the fashion of Ahmedabad is all set to be restored. The structure was badly damaged in 2001 earthquake and was removed by the AMC heritage cell. Now, the civic body has decided to restore it at a cost of Rs 40 lakh.The first fashion show in Ahmedabad was held under Calico Dome, a unique structure which had become part of the city's proud heritage. Even the Bollywood beauty of yesteryears, Parveen Babi , had walked the ramp here in the 1970s when she was a student in the city.The AMC recently issued tenders for restoration of the basement and reconstruction of the Calico Dome situated on Relief road. The place was earlier earmarked for an office building of a mill to be designed by famous American architect Frank Lloyd Wright . But the plan was scrapped after civic authorities did not give permission.Gautam Sarabhai and his team had then designed the dome. It was constructed at the peak of the textile industry boom, said AMC officials.The central portion of the structure had collapsed during the 2001 earthquake. Its foundation had weakened after heavy rains in 2003.The dome has played a crucial role in creating heritage awareness in Ahmedabad. Around 2006, the AMC approached Gujarat High Court to buy the dome and the land for its heritage value. Calico Mills was in the process of liquidation then. The court asked the civic authorities if they had notified the list of heritage buildings in the city, which the authorities had not done.AMC officials said that as per the tender, a contractor would be engaged in the repair and restoration work of the structure. The dome will be rebuilt to its original shape so that the heritage piece is maintained.The restoration work is to be taken up at a cost of Rs 40 lakh. The project is expected to be completed within nine months of the issue of the work order and by end of financial year 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12875079", "title": "Jharkhand Olympic Association to observe Olympic Day", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Olympic Association (JOA) has decided to observe Olympic Day movement in consonance with the International Olympic Committee from June 23 to June 30.JOA secretary general S M Hashmi said the International Olympic Council observes Olympic Day movement during the same period throughout the world. \"JOA has been selected by the Indian Olympic Association to organize Olympic Day Run and various other programmes, including competitions for children and sportspersons, during the week,\" he said.Accordingly, JOA has decided to start Olympic Day movement in Ranchi on June 23, organize similar programmes in Giridih the next day, following which Olympic Day Run and contests would be organized in Madhupur and Deoghar. tnn on June 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12873645", "title": "MLA felt state not doing enough to rescue him", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha MLA Jhina Hikaka reportedly agreed to quit the assembly in return for his freedom from the Maoists as he felt the state government was doing little to secure his release.A Maoist identifying herself as Aruna called Koraput-based lawyer Nihar Patnaik and told him of the release. \"The caller (Aruna) told me the MLA would be freed exactly at 10am,\" Patnaik said. He quoted her as saying that the MLA was \"frustrated\" with the \"stoic response\" of the government and felt \"there was no sincere effort made for his release\".Sources said she also spoke to the MLA's wife, Kaushalya, over phone and asked her to come to Balipeta in Narayanpatna in the district around 10am on Thursday and take her husband. While the MLA's family was tightlipped about the call, Patnaik said, \"I will go to Balipeta along with the MLA's wife and other family members to bring him back.The state government reacted cautiously. CM Naveen Patnaik said he heard of the offer on TV and reiterated his appeal to the Maoists to free Hikaka \"unhurt immediately\". Behera said the government was committed to facilitating bail for the prisoners and withdrawal of cases against some of them. \"Seven persons have already got bail. Four have since been released. The process for releasing the remaining 18 people would start once they move their bail applications,\" he said. The home secretary declined to comment on the MLA's reported allegation from the Maoist den that little was done to secure his freedom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874285", "title": "Missing student's body found in river", "text": "KOLKATA: The body of a 20-year-old youth was recovered from the Hooghly river on Wednesday afternoon by River Traffic Police. The deceased was identified as Ashesh Ghosh, a resident of Bagmari Road near Maniktala. Police said that Ghosh is a BA second year student of City College at Amherst Street. He was missing since April 23 from his residence.Probe revealed that Ashesh was rebuked by his father on April 23 evening after he returned from college. Ashesh's father was worried over his studies and had reasons to feel that Ashesh was ignoring his studies. Sources said the family was also worried about Ahshes's affair with a north Kolkata girl.His kin told police that after the incident, Ashesh had told his father that he would commit suicide and left home with his motorcycle around 9pm. An hour later, when his family members called him up again he picked the call and reportedly said he would end his life.After that his phone remained unreachable and on Tuesday evening police from Bally informed the family that the motorcycle and a money purse have been recovered near Bally bridge. From the identity card found inside the wallet, police traced his family. The family identified both the vehicle and the wallet. From the circumstantial evidence, police had reason to suspect that the youth jumped into the river from the bridge. On Wednesday afternoon, police recovered a body of a youth near Chitpur pumping station and later in the evening Ghosh's father identified the body as his son's. Police said that no external marks of injury were found on the body. Police believe that Ghosh committed suicide. The victim's family did not lodge any complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874645", "title": "Koli leaders felicitate Narendra Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The leaders of Koli community felicitated chief minister Narendra Modi for appointing a Koli community leader as Rajya Sabha member.The BJP had appointed Mansukh Mandavia as the Rajya Sabha member. Modi, while addressing the Koli leaders, stressed upon the need to promote education for the all-round growth of their community and to work for freeing the community from addictions and ill customs.Stressing the need for education in the community, the chief minister said the state government has allocated Rs 100 crore for building new hostels for the students of Koli community and Baxi Panch. He expressed desire to make the socially and educationally backward communities partner in state's growth. tnnMinister of state for labour and employment Liladhar Vaghela and minister of states for youth and cultural affairs Ishwarsinh Patel along with MLAs were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12874617", "title": "Panel finds chinks in Army\u2019s armour", "text": "NEW DELHI: The parliamentary standing committee on defence is likely to substantially endorse Army chief General V K Singh's concern about critical shortages in Army's ammunition and border connectivity in its upcoming report on the demands for grants of the defence ministry. However, it is unlikely to paint an extremely alarmist picture as Gen Singh's letter to the Prime Minister did.The committee has found that there are huge gaps in at least four areas. It has found significant gaps between the number of sanctioned and existing helicopters. It was told by the Army that not one of the sanctioned 60 weaponized advance light helicopters has been inducted. It was also told about the shortage of another 76 advance light helicopters, and about 20 Cheetah and Chetak helicopters.The committee was told about critical shortage of tank ammunition. The situation, especially regarding FSAPDS (Fin Stabilized Armour Piercing Discarding Sabot), has been worsened by the recent blacklisting of its supplier, Israel Military Industries, the panel has found.The Army vice-chief told the committee that the Army should ideally have ammunition for 40 days of fighting, but there were deficiencies on some counts. He said FSAPDS holding was available for just three or four days of war. However, the committee was told that in case of infantry and armour ammunition, the Army was okay, while in artillery there was shortage of electronic fuse.The committee is expected to express anger over the way in which the deficiencies have been allowed to persist, leading to the present criticality. It would also put special focus on the way artillery modernization has suffered ever since the Bofors scandal broke in the mid-80s.The committee is likely to recommend an increase in the financial powers of the service headquarters, which is presently Rs 50 crore, to Rs 150 crore or Rs 200 crore.The panel found that bureaucratic hurdles blocked construction of strategic roads and railway infrastructure along the border areas. The defence secretary told the committee that the Planning Commission was not providing any additional allocation to railways for upgrading rail infrastructure along the border. The committee is also expected to call for a quicker dispersal of cases pending for clearance from the environment ministry on border roads. There are 14 forest and wildlife cases pending clearance from the ministry for India-China border roads. There are another 162 cases pending similar clearance from the ministry for other road links.The committee is also expected to note that some retired defence officers are working with private sector firms and act as middlemen for defence procurement. In light of this, it has recommended that the government should impose a five-year ban for retired military officers before they can join any defence firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12878275", "title": "Item songs have become the face of films: RGV", "text": "Maverick director Ram Gopal Varma feels that though the item songs are intended to boost overall entertainment value, they have now become the face of contemporary films.\"The technical definition of item songs is that they are supposed to be an item and to give hype and additional bonus to a film. But in today's times item song has become face of the film. But in Department the item song comes according to the situation,\" Varma told PTI.RGV is all praise for the Brazilian-Indian model Nathalia Kaur whose sensuous number 'Dan Dan' in Department is fast becoming a rage.Howver, more than the song, the director seems more impressed with Nathalia's sizzling performance and is promoting her.\"Right now the promotion is going on because of the item song that is on air. The idea of promoting Nathalia is to promote the song. No film is eventually made without the purpose of promoting certain actor. It is the marketing team that decides how to promote the film and all,\" he said.'Dan Dan' song is the first song that I am promoting after 'Khallas' and it is the second item song that I did. Like I said, item song has become face of the film. The promotion of the item number and that of Nathalia's go hand-in-han, he said.The much-hyped number from Department launching Nathalia is, however, not original. The song 'Dan Dan Dana Dan' has been based on 'Aasai Nooru Vagai', the song featuring Rajinikanth in 1983 film 'Adutha Varisu'.\"The song was the biggest hit of all times for Ranjinikanth. I have been a huge fan of him and the song. It is almost 30 years that the song came up. So we all thought if we could do something with the song. I believe ideas never grow old; it is just the packaging and presentation that get updated with technology and times,\" the director said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12874072", "title": "Shortage to hit water supply", "text": "GURGAON: Electricity shortage at the water pumping station near Badli village in Jhajjar has reduced the canal water supply to Basai plant in Gurgaon. Experts say that this means that in the coming few days, the city's water supply will be badly affected.The pumping station's power system collapsed on Tuesday and its effect was felt on Wednesday morning when the water supply was severely hit in many of the HUDA sectors.While the city needs 70 Million Gallon Daily (MGD), it gets only 45 MGD water every day. In the current scenario, the plant's share of water has reduced to less than 30 MGD, forcing the HUDA to draw water from the four underground water tanks for ensuring better supply.The four underground tanks have a water capacity of 320 MLD, which can meet the city's requirement for three days. \"The plant is not getting sufficient canal water and if this continues, resident are likely to face water problems soon,\" said a senior HUDA official.HUDA officials further claimed that the water supply would definitely be hit if the canal water is supplied through the diesel generator (DG) set at Badli pumping station, as is the case now.\"The DG sets are being used to run the pumping station but not all the motors are working. This has reduced the water supply. To ensure the supply of 45 MGD, water is being drawn from the underground store tank,\" said HUDA officials.The plant has been caught in a string of controversies after an inspection was carried out to find out its operational capacity. HUDA sources claimed that the underground tanks are not clean enough and due to the presence of mud, only 217 MGD water stored in the underground tanks can be used.\"The underground tanks are in bad condition; there is a lot of mud in the tanks which further reduces the total storage capacity,\" said another HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12873298", "title": "Vindicated after 25 years, says Big B", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor Amitabh Bachchan felt vindicated after the whistleblower of the Bofors scam said in an interview to a website that his name was planted by Indian investigators during their trip to Sweden in 1990.Speaking to mediapersons, Bachchan said, \"My family and I are happy to note the statement made by former Swedish police head Sten Lindstorm investigating the Bofors-India Gun deal. Lindstorm stated we were innocent and there was never any evidence to indicate our involvement. It took Lindstorm 25 years to come out with the truth. For us, as a family that has borne humiliation and insults for the past 25 years, this comes as a vindication of our stand.''Bachchan said he is upset the truth didn't come out when his parents were alive. \"When these allegations were levelled, my father asked me if I had done anything wrong, but I could not say anything that time. Today they are not with me to hear about this (clean chit),\" he added\"What has been most disturbing was the pain of insinuation that my parents had to bear during their lifetime,\" he said. \"What has also been alarming was the statement given by the police head that my name was \"planted\" deliberately when he had indeed, through his investigation, found us not guilty. When the accusations were made, my family and I moved the London courts and proved our innocence. We won our case and were delighted that truth had been justified. For the police head to have not stated then what he always knew, is most surprising,\" Bachchan added.The actor clarified that he quit politics as he did not understand it but said assumptions were made that he resigned because of the Bofors scandal.Earlier, the actor's wife, Jaya, who was sworn in as a Rajya Sabha MP, said, \"The truth has finally come out,\" adding, \"I want to know how to erase those things which were written about him then. This should serve as a lesson that nothing should be done in haste,\" she told reporters.Bachchan blogged, \"No one shall be able to remotely fathom, the hours and days and months and years of anguish of petulant blame, I had to go through.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12873991", "title": "Probe panel will look into ryots' problems", "text": "MYSORE: When farmer Shekar committed suicide, he left a note demanding that the state government pay attention to farmers, who are facing numerous problems. On Wednesday, district minister S A Ramdas announced a magisterial probe into Shekhar's death. The officer conducting the inquiry will also look into issues agriculturalists are facing in H D Kote.Additional deputy commissioner Naga Nayak will study the farmers' problems, and submit a report within two months. To cut the farmers' losses due to the sudden crash in prices, the ADC will see whether they can limit the cultivation of the commercial crops, and whether the government can extend insurance cover to them.About the abnormal increase in the cultivation of commercial crops, Ramdas said: \"We've to counter this mindset.\"Referring to sugarcane growers, the minister said they get loans easily due to the guarantees they secure from sugar factories. The problem is that the sugar units extend guarantees over and above the farmers' installed capacity.The family members of Shekar are critical of the district administration for delaying the compensation of Rs 1 lakh announced by the government. \"We don't understand why he came this far if he is not able to make officials pay the compensation,\" they said minutes after Ramdas left.Asked about this, the minister argued that there are formalities to be completed, and that Shekar's family had got Rs 4 lakh from the sugar factory because of the government's intervention. He ordered that the family be paid Rs 1 lakh on Thursday. The case filed against factory officials will not be withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873916", "title": "Task force nabs man with gun", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths arrested a gym trainer and recovered a country-made revolver and six live rounds from his possession on Wednesday.Task Force sleuths nabbed Panjala Ainish Goud, 20, a gym trainer, at his house in Kavadiguda for having a country-made revolver and six live rounds.Police said that Anish's father Venkatesh is a history-sheeter of the Toopran police station. Following the footsteps of his father, Anish accompanied him in attacking rivals in Toopran recently.Another assault case was booked against him at the Gandhi Nagar police station. To further his career in crime, the accused wanted to procure a fire-arm and for this purpose he contacted their tenant, Ranjit, an auto driver from Bihar.\"In March 2012, Ranjit took Rs 15,000 from Anish and went to Bihar. He returned with a country-made revolver and six live rounds,\" Task Force inspector Ch Y Srinivas Kumar said. Acting on a tip-off, police arrested Anish from his house on Wednesday and launched a man-hunt to nab Ranjit, who is absconding.A businessman from Chanchalguda was nabbed for having four passports.A Task Force team arrested 41-year-old Syed Moinuddin of Chanchalguda and seized four passports from his possession.Police said the businessman had obtained the passports from Hyderabad and Nanded of Maharashtra in his real name, two other names, Syed Moinuddin Amir and Arif Mohammed Shamshuddin, inspector R G Shiva Maruthi said. Using the passports, he had visited the US, Malaysia and Thailand on visiting visas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12874278", "title": "JEE students can check answer scripts", "text": "KOLKATA: Students taking the West Bengal Joint Entrance Examinations (WBJEE) are set to get a breather.The examinees, who always wanted to know the mistakes they have made on answer papers, will soon get a chance to take a look at those. \"From this year onwards, we have decided to show answer scripts to all the examinees. No fee will be charged by the board for showing answer scripts. We may also upload model answers for each question on the website,\" said chairman of WBJEE Bhaskar Gupta.According to him, they have also introduced new rules in case of a tie in the engineering or technology rank. It will be broken by sequentially applying a set of rules. \"The sequence under the rules is in the following order andwill be applied step by step till the tie is broken. In fourteen steps, the maximum marks and minimum of negative marks scored in Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry together and individually will be taken into consideration. If the tie still persists, then the older candidate will be given preference.\"First, the maximum marks scored in Mathematics, Physics and Chemistry, secondly, the minimum of negative marks in total, third the maximum marks scored in Mathematics and Physics, fourthly the minimum of negative marks in Mathematics and Physics, fifthly the maximum marks scored in Mathematics and Chemistry, step six the minimum of negative marks in Mathematics and Chemistry, step seven the maximum of marks scored in Physics and Chemistry, step eight the minimum of negative marks in Physics and Chemistry, step nine the maximum marks scored in Mathematics, step 10 the minimum of negative marks in Mathematics, step 11 the maximum marks scored in Physics, step 12 minimum of negative marks in Physics, step 13 the maximum marks scored in Chemistry, step 14 the minimum of negative marks in Chemistry and, finally, if the tie still persists, the older candidate will be given preference.The expert committee on higher education has suggested making some radical changes in the JEE. The committee report said the seat arrangements should be made randomly and not according to the number of forms. Also, the question pattern should be changed. Care must be taken so that they are not picked up from the popular guide books. It also recommended uploading the students' answers along with model answers on the website. \"We have decided to implement all the suggestions from this year's examination,\" Gupta said.The WBJEE board has also decided to cut down on the number of questions from 90 to 80 from the 2012 examinations. Not only will there be fewer questions to attempt, students will be judged only on multiple choice-questions (MCQs). Earlier, students had to attempt 90 questions, of which 80 were of one mark each and 10 questions were short-answer-type and carried two marks each.From this year onwards, students will have to tick the right answer from multiple options. There will be 60 questions of one mark each and 20 questions carrying 2 marks each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12875179", "title": "Enforcement Directorate awaits top authority's nod to attach Chhabra's property", "text": "INDORE: The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has reserved its decision to attach the property of city-based builder Bobby Chhabra, who is charged with embezzlement of about Rs 2.5 crore from the funds of Karmcharigan Grih Nirman Sanstha.The ED is investigating into the matter under the Money Laundering Act. It is learnt that the property can be attached only after the instruction from the New Delhi-based adjudicating authority. Chhabra has been given time till April 30 to reply. It was recently that the ED had attached the property of Chhabra worth Rs 98 lakh while property worth Rs 1.52 crore are yet to be attached.Chhabra, who was the then president of Transport Co-operative Bank, is alleged to have siphoned off funds to the tune of Rs 2.5 crore from the society account. The embezzlement had come to the fore during an internal audit conducted by the co-operative department. It was then that the department had lodged a complaint with the ED.Talking to ToI, an ED official said that they were free to attach any property of the accused. \"We are just waiting to hear from the authority before taking any action against the accused,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873978", "title": "Couple robbed at knife point", "text": "HYDERABAD: Posing as electricity department employees, three robbers entered the house of a retired deputy collector and escaped with Rs seven lakh worth booty at Domalguda on Wednesday. Only 80-year-old retired deputy collector Ramanarasimha Chary and his wife Atulayamma were in the house when the robbers struck.At about 1.30pm, the three miscreants came to Chary's house claiming they were from the electricity department and came to check the meter. As soon as the couple opened the door, the trio entered the house and whipped out knives. \"The robbers threatened to kill them if they raised alarm and ordered them to give away all the valuables in the house,\" Chikkadpally inspector K Subbirami Reddy said. They picked up 20 tolas of gold and Rs 1.4 lakh and fled. Police booked a case under section 392 (Robbery) of the IPC and launched a man-hunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12875272", "title": "Hitler's book back in German schools", "text": "LONDON: Adolf Hitler's autobiography 'Mein Kampf ', not printed in Germany for the last 67 years, is set to return to the country's schools. Authorities said on Wednesday that when the copyright to the book expires in three years' , an 'annotated' version will be made available to students in the country.Mein Kampf, which translates as 'My Struggle or My Battle' , combines elements of autobiography and Adolf Hitler's political ideology.The state of Bavaria in Germany, which became the heir to everything Hitler owned following his suicide in Berlin in 1945, said it was important for Germany to publish versions for children with expert analysis and comments from historians in them which refute his ideology , the Daily Mail reported.While the book is not illegal in Germany, the state has not allowed it to be printed amid fears that it could promote Nazism. Other countries have printed foreignlanguage editions since then, despite the restrictions but Germans have been unable to get a version in their own language for 67 years.But now Bavaria has given permission for the rest of Germany to freely print the book, with includes diatribes against Jews and Slavs and the prophecy of a German war of conquest in the east.\"The editions we plan will contain comments from experts that are clearly understandable to the young so they can clearly understand and therefore interpret the dangerous ideas within,\" Markus Soeder, Bavaria's finance minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873838", "title": "First judge back in Vijay Sai bail hearing", "text": "HYDERABAD: B Nagamaruthi Sarma, the second CBI additional special judge, on Wednesday took up hearing in the bail plea of V Vijay Sai Reddy, accused number two in the Jaganmohan Reddy illegal assets case.The move follows an order from principal special judge A Pullaiah who sent the matter back to Sarma in tune with a high court order. Earlier, while cancelling the bail granted to Vijay Sai, high court sent back the application saying it wanted the trial court to hear the matter afresh and pass an order after duly recording the reasons for the same.Appearing for the accused, senior counsel Sushil Kumar told the court that his client was entitled to bail after passage of 90 days of arrest.He was arrested on January 2 of this year with the only charge against him being that he got the share price of Jagathi enhanced to Rs 350 per share, the counsel said.There are more than 20 GOs issued by the state and a case is already pending in Supreme Court regarding the need to book at least six ministers and 14 IAS officers for their role in issuing these GOs, Sushil said. If that were to happen, the Kiran Kumar Reddy government is sure to collapse, he added.Judge Sarma posted the case for hearing on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12875537", "title": "Five get lifer in murder case", "text": "AKOLA: Additional sessions judge MR Manthanwar of Washim sessions court sent all the five accused in the Santosh Wankhede murder case to life imprisonment.The investigations revealed that the murder was committed over eve-teasing. All the accused, Wasim Bhavaniwale alias Bhurya, Abdul Wajid alias Guru, Ejaz alis Ijju, Nikhil Ingole and Anil Mote, were conviced.The deceased Santosh and his friend Nitin had approached the five to enquire about an eve-teasing complaint made by a young girl on March 3, 2009. The ensuing quarrel led an attack on Santosh and Nitin. Later, Santosh succumbed to his injuries at Akola general hospital.Man murdered for buying fishAkola: A 35-year-old man of Parad village near Murtizapur was brutally murdered by his two friends over a trivial issue near Purna river on April 22.Santosh Soundale (30) and Rajesh Kavanpure (36), residents of the same village, assaulted Janrao Waghmare (35) following a quarrel. Janrao was strangulated to death and his body was later thrown into the river.A post mortem conducted on April 23 confirmed the strangulation. Offences under sections 302 and 201 read with 34 of IPC were registered. Both have been remanded to police custody. Further investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873766", "title": "High court deadline for Jangpura Metro foot overbridge", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday gave five to six months time to the state government to construct a foot over bridge near the Jangpura Metro station. HC's deadline came on a PIL seeking direction to build the bridge as the residents of nearby colonies face the risk of being run over by vehicles while crossing the Lala Lajpat Rai Marg.\"The entire procedure (of constructing an FOB) should be completed within a period of five to six months,\" a bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said after the Transport Department submitted that a design of the FOB will be made by Delhi Integrated Multi-Modal Transport System (DIMTS) and the same shall be handed over to unified traffic and transportation infrastructure (Planning &amp; Engineering) centre for approval.The bench was hearing a PIL filed by Jangpura Residents Welfare Association, filed through advocate R K Saini. \"It appears we were asking for building of an Eiffel Tower instead of a FOB as more than five years have passed since it was approved in Jan 2007,\" Saini said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12875516", "title": "Bhojpur police demand additional forces for chief minister yatra", "text": "PATNA: The state police headquarters is in a catch-22 situation as to how to cope with the demand of the Bhojpur police which has sought over 3,500 policemen and 13 companies of armed policemen, besides heavy arsenal to meet the exigencies, if any, during chief minister Nitish Kumar's three-day Seva Yatra which is slated to cover both Bhojpur and Kaimur districts from April 27.Since the two districts are Maoist-affected and the manner in which Sukma DM Alex Paul Menon in Chhattisgarh and an MLA in Odisha were kidnapped, the Bhojpur police are not taking any chance considering the security situation in Naxal areas and hence sent requisition for heavy deployment.Apart from the police personnel, the district police have also asked for six anti-landmine vehicles, five bulletproof vehicles, five water cannons, six Swiss cottages, plus several heavy, light and small vehicles so that nothing untoward happens during the CM's visit. As if these were not enough, the district police are also asking for deployment of at least five companies of CRPF for the purpose.But what is more perplexing the police headquarters is that whether the Bhojpur district administration has the capacity to house so many policemen at a time and that too in the scorching heat condition which is reeling the state. Besides, providing water to the police personnel would be another tough task for the district police.According to sources, about 1,500 police personnel drawn from five neighbouring districts were deployed during the CM's visit in East Champaran.A senior officer of the police headquarters told TOI that the Bhojpur police's demand was definitely a big one. \"We are in a catch-22 situation. The question is how such a large number of police personnel could be pooled in,\" he said. Whatever it may be, the officers in the police headquarters have put their heads together to meet the demand of the Bhojpur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12875181", "title": "Cops announce cash reward for information on Matric paper theft", "text": "CUTTACK: The crime branch of police on Wednesday announced a cash reward of Rs 2 lakh for information on the theft of matriculation question papers.\"Members of the public are requested to come forward with any information leading towards detection of the case,\" said a crime branch release.The question papers of seven subjects were stolen from an examination centre at Bajapur village in Puri district on March 21, leading to the rescheduling of the Class X exams in the state.Later, the state government had handed over the investigation to the crime branch.Sources said at least 15 officers are working on the case and the team had visited the spot of occurrence number of times.However, over a month has passed and the investigating agency has not managed to get any clue in the case. So it has now sought the help of the public to solve the case, the sources added.\"There are many missing links in the matriculation question paper theft case and we feel information from the public will be really helpful in solving the case,\" said a senior crime branch official on condition of anonymity.\"It seems this is not a case of paper leak as the question papers were stolen, but they were not circulated in the market. We are trying ascertain the motive behind the crime,\" said another official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "12873254", "title": "Woman ends life in Tunga after a quarrel with her boyfriend", "text": "SHIMOGA: A love story ended in the dark waters of the Tunga river after Roopa, 21, jumped in on Tuesday evening while taking a boat ride with her lover Mounesh, 22. A quarrel reportedly broke out between the two. The couple had come to Sakrebyle elephant camp. Roopa's body is yet to be found.Roopa, from Nelamangala, near Bangalore, and Mounesh, from Koppal, fell in love while working in a factory in the past one year.They arrived in Shimoga on Tuesday and visited Sakrebyle, 25km from Shimoga. As there were no elephants in the camp, they decided to take a boat ride on the Tunga river in the evening.According to locals, the two started quarrelling with each other. When the boat was returning to base, Roopa, who was sitting near the edge, suddenly jumped into the river and was swept away. There were six inmates in the boat, who shouted out in shock to see her jump, but none dared follow her in and rescue her.Locals informed police, whose attempts to find Roopa's body were wasted as darkness was setting in. On Wednesday too, divers continued their efforts but could not find the body. The families of Roopa and Mounesh arrived at Sakrebyle and are waiting for the body. Shimoga Rural police have taken up the investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875716", "title": "Senior citizen knocked dead by state transport bus", "text": "NAGPUR: Hundreds of people took to violence after senior citizen Tukaram Sahare was allegedly crushed under the wheels of a speeding state transport bus near a bridge on the Nagpur-Chhindwara road, under the jurisdiction of the Koradi police station on Wednesday evening.Soon after the accident, people began pelting stones on the bus and dragged the driver out of his cabin. The passengers alighted and one of them alerted the police control room.Police said that people were about to set fire to the bus but were prevented on time by the traffic cops who were on duty nearby. Cops had a tough time to bring the situation under control. Angry people staged a protest for 30 minutes on the spot and there was a traffic jam for more than an hour.The Koradi police have arrested the driver and also detained some protesters.A resident of Gopal Nagar, Sahare had gone to his relative's house at Palloti Nagar. He was walking on the road when he got knocked down. While some claimed that the driver was driving rashly, others said that Sahare was trying to avoid a stray cattle and landed on the path of the bus.Sahare leaves behind wife, son and two daughters.Two more youths were fatally hit in separate road mishaps on Tuesday afternoon. New Diamond Nagar resident Yogesh Patankar (25) died while his friend, Dhiraj Manekar suffered serious injuries when a speeding car driver hit their scooter near Pagalkhana Square in Gittikhadan.Police said both were returning from a friend's wedding and were heading home when the car driver, Pravin Sahoo collided head-on with their scooter. Patankar, who was driving the scooter, died while being treated at a private hospital while Manekar is still serious.At Nandanvan, 21-year-old Rahul Ugale, of Pavanshakti Nagar, was knocked dead by a truck near Prajapati Square.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874626", "title": "Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University students in fix over course's pending clearance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of 'School of Liberal Studies' at Pandit Deendayal Petroleum University (PDPU) are a worried lot. Even as the first batch of the students is already in the third year, the four-year programme is yet to be recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC).At the time of joining the programme, the students were told that the programme will get UGC recognition very soon. However, around two weeks back, university officials informed the students that the UGC had denied recognition of 'Bachelor of Liberal Studies' (BLS) programme. The students had paid around Rs10 lakh fees (including tuition, hostel and mess and other fees) at the time of joining the programme.The officials had also told the students that in case the programme did not get recognition by the time they finished their fourth year, they would be issued a UGC recognized Bachelor of Arts (BA) degree along with another certificate which will certify that they studied the liberal studies' programme. The certificate will, however, not be recognized by UGC.This has annoyed the students. A student said, \"What is the use of spending four years and the huge amount if we get just a BA degree. We came here in anticipation of getting a BLS degree.\"Talking about the issue, PDPU director-general PK Banik said, \"When a committee from the UGC visited PDPU in 2009, they offered us to either apply for the inclusion of BLS in the UGC-approved nomenclature of degrees or apply for one from the already approved nomenclature of degrees. We chose the first option. However, a communication from the UGC recently informed us that BLS has not been approved by UGC and we can apply from the already approved nomenclature of degrees.\"There are 90 students studying in first year and second year of the programme, while the batch of third year has 40 students.The school of liberal studies was set up with an aim to develop skills like communication ability, team work, leadership, analytical mind, adaptability and creativity in its students. The students will go through 40 courses in four years. While PDPU was established by an Act of Gujarat Legislature in 2007, the liberal studies programme was introduced in 2009.Parents to help varsity move caseFollowing complaints from the students, the university has called for a parents meeting. After the university informed the parents about the situation , the parents decided to form a committee and take the matter forward.\"Liberal studies are popular in various countries. The approval committee at the UGC, however, seems to not have understood the concept of the programme which is much needed in the country today. We will be forming a parents committee and approach officials, seeking approval of the programme,\" said Piyush Mehta, a Rajkot businessman, whose son is studying in the programme.\"The parents have told us that we should not give up but try once again. We will once again appeal to UGC officials to consider and approve the programme,\" said Banik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12875066", "title": "Programme for MBA students", "text": "RANCHI: \"In this age, the future of students will be decided through knowledge. Therefore we are trying to impart special knowledge in the MBA students and make them employable,\" said L N Bhagat, the vice-chancellor of Ranchi University, at a nine-day career development programme being held in the premises of the MBA department of the university here on Wednesday.The nine-day programme aims to expose the students to the corporate world through playful techniques. \"There will not only be seminars, we will have games and quiz shows as well. Through this, students will get the opportunity to enjoy and learn things rather than a monotonous way of gaining knowledge,\" said Akansha, another student who participated in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12874385", "title": "Healthcare funds elude cancer patient", "text": "KEONJHAR: The state government's efforts to provide better medical facilities to the poor seem to have failed to make any difference to rural healthcare in the state. Sara Naik, a 45-year-old tribal woman from Madhapur, who has been suffering from breast cancer, has not received any financial help for her treatment.Dr Pravati Behera, CDMO, Keonjhar, said, \"Sara is suffering from breast cancer stage four. She requires immediate treatment. We have referred her to Cuttack Acharya Harihar Regional Cancer Centre for examination and asked the centre to make an estimate of cost of treatment so that we can help her financially from the Orissa State Treatment Fund (OSTF).\" The CDMOP had also personally written to the centre asking for a detaikled estimate.According to the patient, they went to the cancer center at Cuttack and waited for two days to get the estimate. But the center authorities allegedly did not entertain them. \"They sent us back and said 'it is not a dharmashala',\" Sara said.\"I can not sit or lie down properly due to severe pain. It is difficult for me to move. Despite that, after getting assurance from the district administration we had gone to Cuttack. We waited there for two days in the cancer centre. On the second day, a doctor told us to go back home and come after one or two days. As Keonjhar is 200 km from Cuttack, we requested the doctor to allow us to stay in the ward for one or two days. He told us it is not a Dharmasala. We returned back as we could not afford to stay in some hotel,\" She added.\"The local administration had given me Rs 1,000 for going to Cuttack for check-up. The said they would help us after getting an estimate of the cost of treatment. We cannot go to Cuttack again as we have spent the money.\" Sara further said.Sudhir Kumar Nanda, a councilor of Keonjhjar municipality, who had arranged for Sara's treatment, said, \"The present system of treatment of poor people has proved meaningless for Sara. The district administration has finished their responsibility by referring her to Cuttack. Due to lack of co-ordination among the district administration and the cancer centre, the patient is suffering and struggling for life. No one is coming forward to follow up the condition of patient.\"State health minister Prasanna Acharya , while attending the golden jubilee celebrations of the Keonjhar district healthcare hospital last month, said the government had formed the OSTF recently to ensure better healthcare for the poor in the state. As part of it, Rs 20 lakh had been deposited at every district healthcare hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12874437", "title": "Is it right for KTC to hike inter-state bus fare during peak season?", "text": "Its not going to be very good for the public who frequently use KTC transport, but again this is the only occasion wherethe government can earn a small revenue by hiking up the fares. It is quite reasonable compared to the private transport fares.Natasha NoronhaMD. Travel and tour agency, MargaoNo, it's definitely not right. If the government undertaking is going to hike prices according to the season who will thefinancially weak turn to? The rich can definitely afford it, but the middle and lower classes will definitely feel the pinch. They are the ones who utilize the more or less subsidized rates. People need to travel especially in the peak season. If at all they should increase the price, it should be done gradually and not all at once.Michelle Souzahomemaker, RaiaNo, a hike in fares by the government for its inter state Kadamba Transport Corporation (KTC) during the peak season is unfair on the people, especially tourists. Its injustice for the person who travels by buses. Mostly it is the common who man will be affected by it. On the one hand the government is decreasing the price of petrol and on the other it is increasing bus fares.Dnyandeep Volvoikartourist guide, BetimOf course not, the government transport authorities should not join the private bus operators who hike their prices during the peak season. They should think of poor people who need to travel in an emergency and may not be able to pay the high prices. The common man needs a cheap option to travel inter-state for various reasons like health, recreation, business etc.Sandesh Barazankarteacher, Surla, Bicholim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "12875534", "title": "Tattooed are tabooed for army recruitment rallies", "text": "AMBALA: This may dishearten young boys of the state aspiring to join Indian Army during the recruitment rallies. After its strict implementation in Jammu, the Army Recruitment Board has reiterated to ensure implementation of curbs on tattoos during the recruitment rally to be held in Dronacharya stadium of Kurukshetra from May 30 to June 7.This is the second such rally to be held after defence authorities strictly decided to enforce this rule. Interacting with mediapersons here, Col S K Parsad, director, Army Recruitment Board, however, added that tattoos showing religious sentiment on the wrists would be an exemption.\"If a candidate come with tattoo on any other part of the body, he will be ousted from the recruitment process with immediate effect. It is better if the youths willing to appear in the recruitment process to erase the tattoo from their body,'' Parsad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "12873437", "title": "Train cancellation: Irate passengers block line", "text": "KARWAR: Passengers of Karwar - Goa train blocked the Karwar - Margoa railway line for more than six hours in protest against the cancellation of Karwar train from Margoa after the engine of the train developed a technical snag in Ballim railway station in Goa on Wednesday.The train had left Karwar station at 6.30 am. The regular passengers who go to Goa for work travel by this train. The railway engine developed some technical problem at Ballim station in Goa which borders Karwar. The passengers protested demanding Konkan railway authorities to make alternative arrangements. The Konkan railway officials promised that there would be no such problem in future. But the passengers wanted it in writing.This led to heated exchange of words between the passengers and the railway officials. When the situation turned violent, the police resorted to lathi charge. The Goa police arrested four persons from Karwar.Later, they were released on bail. More than 500 people travel every day to Goa by this train.The incident had led to the disruption of traffic on Karwar - Goa railway line for more than 6 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12875650", "title": "Aamir Khan stars in wedding function", "text": "VARANASI: Bollywood stars' dancing at high-profile weddings has since long ceased being news. But when a top star assures to attend the wedding of an auto-rickshaw driver's son to express his gratitude, it's certainly a welcome gesture and a cause for added rejoicing for the family members of the bride and groom.Aamir Khan came down to Varanasi to attend Rajeev's wedding - son of Ramlakhan Paswan alias Nathuni, an auto-rickshaw driver - scheduled on Wednesday.It was in December 2009 when Aamir Khan had visited Varanasi and booked an auto, belonging to Nathuni. Masquerading as a commoner, Aamir had travelled across the narrow bylanes of Varanasi. During the trip, Aamir had succeeded in locating his maternal grandmother's house, thanks to Nathuni's knowledge of the city. Incidentally, the masquerade was a part of promotion for Aamir's film '3 idiots'.A native of Usari village in Chakia area of Chandauli, Nathuni, who runs an auto-rickshaw to earn livelihood, has still not forgotten that how he was sitting outside the Cantonment railway station, when a stranger booked his auto and indulged in a friendly interaction. Nathuni said that when he recognised him as Aamir Khan, the latter asked him to keep his visit a secret and help him in searching the place of his maternal grandmother. After Aamir returned to Mumbai, a messenger visited Nathuni's residence with two air tickets and a golden ring. Nathuni visited Mumbai and enjoyed the premiere of Aamir Khan's '3 Idiots' in December.Now, more than 2 years later, Nathuni visited Aamir's residence in Mumbai on April 14, to hand him an invitation card of his son's wedding. Rajiv, Nathuni's son, has completed his MBA recently. \"Initially, Aamir had assured to send his blessings through a video CD, but recently he confirmed that he would be attending the marriage function in person,\" said Nathuni.With this confirmation about the arrival of a 'special guest', the celebrations at Nathuni's house as well as the home of Rajiv's to-be-wife, Vijeta, got tinged with added excitement. The bride, Vijeta, just couldn't bring herself to believe that she would tie the knot in the presence of Aamir Khan.Even as both the families were busy with preparations for the wedding function on Wednesday, to take place in a lawn in Mehmoorganj area, the anticipation of meeting a Bollywood star was quite palpable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12875292", "title": "Smuggled timber seized in Cuttack", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Forest officials on Wednesday claimed to have busted a major timber smuggling racket by seizing huge quantity of sal and teak logs, worth over Rs one crore from Cuttack.Acting on a tip-off, Bhubaneswar forest division personnel and vigilance wing officials swooped down on a timber depot located at Deulisahi of CDA area and found the logs.\"We shifted the smuggled logs from the depot to our warehouse. Current market value of the seized logs would be more than Rs one crore,\" said assistant forest conservator (city division) Sasmita Lenka. \"This is the fist time the city forest division made such a big haul,\" Lenka said.Though the exact weight of the seized timber was not known, Lenka said eight trucks were used to transport the logs.Lenka said the owner of the depot was absconding at the time of the raid. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12878221", "title": "Nandi\u2019s life and times: H R Das's exhibition", "text": "Artist H R Das has captured the mythological animal Nandi - Lord Shiva's mount in all its glory, finds Debarati S Sen.Among the many words that can aptly describe H R Das's paintings, powerful, is the one that really fits. The artist's bulls are dominant, vibrant, and full of character. The paintings in the current series titled Evolutionary Strokes have his bull, Nandi, trying to tell stories and manifesting different moods and avatars.\"I began with the thought of Lord Shiva's vahan Nandi when I started on this series. I have tried to depict a lot in these paintings. My mythological bull has many poses and many different expressions as well - there are some that look as if they are laughing, some are pensive,\" says the artist.The slow evolution of his Nandi, over the years, from tempestuous to mellow has been accompanied by a slight tweak in the artist's preferred colour palette as well, and has now introduced shades of blue. His works also have a religious twinge to it with symbols like swastika and lotus. There are paintings that have a background of Lord Ganesha, Krishna with the flute, while also manifesting his Vishawa-roop in the background. Other paintings have Goddess Durga and Goddess Laxmi in monochrome behind the protagonist - Nandi.Das has also showcased how his bull evolves. The artist explains, \"When the bulls are in water, they become playful and this is what I have tried to show in the painting titled Hot Summer, where I have painted bulls that are half-fish with a large tail fin instead of hind legs, swimming in water.\"The expert use of bright reds, crimsons and burgundy-like shades makes the bulls stand out in their basic black and white colours. \"I have used a lot of red because of its vibrancy. This colour shows a lot of power.\"There are fiber-glass sculptures of bulls with paintings on them. \"I have first made the statue of the bull and then I have painted on the fibre-glass,\" he says.The artist creatively expresses his point of view with the help of his works and his inimitable style.The exhibition is on till May 1, Jehangir Art Gallery, M.G. Road, Kala Ghoda, Mumbai, from 11am to 7pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875478", "title": "Fearing failure, girl ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: Fearing failure after not performing well in her examination, a BSc first year student hanged herself at her Bhuteshwar Nagar residence on Tuesday evening.Priyanka Sonkusre, 19, was depressed since the last few days after she didn't perform well in her English paper and practical examination. Her parents said that a depressed Priyanka had talked about ending her life due to her poor performance.\"She told us that her practical exam was not good but we encouraged her by saying that she still have a chance to perform well in her theory papers,\" said her father Shantaram, a bank employee.Priyanka had keen interest in biology and had taken admission in the CBZ group. Parents said that although not brilliant, Priyanka was a very hard working and ambitious girl.Priyanka's younger sister Shrutika found Priyanka hanged to the ceiling hook with sari at her room on the first floor. Priyanka took the step when Shantaram was busy with his work in his room on the ground floor. Her mother, Sunanda, a homemaker, Shrutika and brother Rahul had gone for a relative's marriage.\"Since she was depressed and had talked about suicide, her family tried to encourage her and would not leave her alone. She was having botany paper on Thursday and told her father that she was going to study in her room,\" said a relative.Parents rushed Priyanka to a private hospital immediately but she was declared brought dead. Kotwali police registered a case of accidental death.In another incident, a 20-year-old Sarita Choudhary jumped into a well near her home at Smruti Nagar in Koradi on Tuesday afternoon.A Std XII passout, Sarita was working as a labourer in packaging department at a juice factory in Koradi. Family members claimed to be clueless about the reason behind her extreme step.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "koyna (karad)", "code": "12873410", "title": "Lake tapping done in Koyna dam", "text": "KOYNA (KARAD): The second lake tapping at Koyna hydro electric project was carried out successfully on Wednesday morning.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar witnessed the event. Chavan pressed the button at 11 am and a medium impact was felt. The water rose 15 ft high, creating waves.A lake tap involves excavating a tunnel almost to the water/rock contact and then blasting out the final protective rock to allow water to suddenly inflow into the tunnel from the lake. The first lake tapping was carried out at Koyna dam 13 years ago. For the second lake tapping, an additional tunnel, 4 km long, had been excavated, approximately 40 m below the surface of the lake.This tunnel is expected to carry water with a tremendous force and run turbines to generate 1,000 MW power. The water from the dam is released in Kolkewadi dam, near Chiplun tehsil of Ratnagiri district. Before releasing the water into the sea, a separate power station generates additional 320 MW power. All phases put together, Koyna dam generates 1,960 MW power.The second tunnel, 4-B, will enable the state power utility to generate electricity during summer. The fourth stage of the Koyna project can generate power till the water level drops to 630 m. Once the water level in the reservoir drops below 630 m, the 4-B tunnel will be used, since it is deeper than the earlier tunnel and can run the turbines till the water level drops to 618 m. At the time of lake tapping, the water level in the dam was 642 m. The fourth stage commenced in 1999, when the 630 m level was sufficient.The water distribution tribunal recommends the supply of 25 TMC water to Tembhu, Takari and Mhaisal lift irrigation projects to supply water to the drought prone areas of Satara, Sangli and parts of Solapur districts.Koyna dam is located 190 km south west of Pune. The explosives used for the lake tapping were specially bought from Denmark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873465", "title": "Hush-up bid after rape by cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has ordered the registration of an FIR following allegations made by a 35-year-old woman that a Delhi police constable raped her after which she was thrashed by cops.This comes as a jolt to Delhi police, which had so far only registered a case of theft after the woman was allegedly mugged.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate (ACMM) Sanjay Sharma directed the SHO, New Friends Colony (NFC) police station, to register an FIR for rape, outraging the modesty of a woman, voluntarily causing hurt, among various other sections of Indian Penal Code on the basis of the statement of the complainant.\"This court is of the opinion that on the basis of the allegations made by the complainant in her statement, a cognizable offence is made out,\" the court said while directing the deputy commissioner of police, southeast district, to get the matter investigated by \"any other competent authority\" except for the police officers of NFC police station.Even as police claimed before the court that the woman was found \"exhibiting abnormal behaviour\", the judge noted that \"the complainant is sane and fine\" after examining her in the chamber.It also noted that the woman was \"under psychological trauma\" and that she had lost faith in the police.During the hearing, the woman told the court that two persons had snatched her purse on April 23, 2012, after which she called police. She alleged that instead of helping her, some police officer tried to rape her, outrage her modesty and tried to take undue advantage of her.She also alleged that a sub-inspector and several lady constables had at Sarai Kaley Khan assaulted her inflicting injuries on her left knee.Police, however, claimed that the complainant was examined at a hospital and no injuries were reported in her medical report.After recording her statement, the court said, \"Her statement was recorded. I am satisfied that complainant has given a true account of the events and narrated the incident to the court. Further, the complainant has not taken meal since April 23, 2012 and is also a sugar patient.\"Therefore, she is suffering from weakness and dizziness.\"The court directed the SHO of NFC police station to ensure that the complainant is safely taken back by cops to her residence and that a report in that matter be submitted to the court.Earlier, police had claimed that the woman, a native of Haridwar, who had been mugged before allegedly being raped by a Delhi Police constable, was sent home after she refused to get a medical examination conducted. She was found wailing at the spot by locals, who then helped her approach an NGO, the cops had alleged.The story, however, took a U-turn when the woman moved court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12875422", "title": "Litti-chokha, Maner's ladoo delight Aamir", "text": "PATNA: He came, he saw and he took the city by surprise before leaving for Varanasi by road on Wednesday.'Hey, it's Aamir Khan !\" shouted a young man when he spotted the star in his car moving on the Bailley Road. Very few people had the inkling of Aamir's maiden visit to the city though his plan to attend a wedding in Varanasi was made public earlier.The news, that one of the '3 Idiots' was in the city, spread like a wild fire. People inside and around the zoo felt lucky to have a glimpse of the film star who took time off in the sweltering heat to enjoy Bihar's famous cuisine, 'litti-chokha', near the Gate no 1 of the zoo. Traffic on the road came to a standstill as many of his fans were seen capturing him on their mobile phones when Aamir was licking his fingers after enjoying the state's famous delicacy.After landing at the Patna airport from Mumbai in the afternoon, the 'Ghajini' of Bollywood spent almost three hours in the city before leaving for Varanasi to attend the wedding of the son of a rickshaw-puller, Ram Lakhan.It might have been Aamir's maiden visit to the city, but the actor-director had come prepared with the menu of tasty and popular delicacies of the state.After the litti-chokha, his caravan took a break at Maner where he relished the famous 'Maner ka ladoo'.Aamir was on way to Varanasi to attend the wedding of a rickshaw puller, Ram Lakhan's son. Lakhan had taken Aamir on a tour around Varanasi during the shooting of his film '3 Idiots'. When Lakhan went all the way to Mumbai to invite Aamir for the wedding, the actor could not disappoint him.Meanwhile, Patna police had a tough time controlling the crowd of the actor's fans. \"Bihar police escorted the actor up to Kaimur border,\" said Manoj Kumar , Patna SP (rural).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874991", "title": "Women opt for artificial lactation too", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Its not just about wearing artificial tummies. Many childless couples also opt for drug-induced lactation to complete the picture of a normal delivery even while opting for surrogate motherhood.Many women, who have opted for surrogate motherhood wherein their embryo is transferred into the womb of another woman to conceive and carry the pregnancy for nine months, also choose to take hormone injections from fifth month so that when the surrogate delivers the child, they produce breast milk and feed their children.\"Nearly 30 percent of Indian women opting for surrogate pregnancy synchronize their hormone injections from fifth month onwards so that their bodies produce breast milk which they can feed to their child. While some women do this to protect their secret wherein they have not told the family about the surrogate pregnancy, some women do this for the sheer experience of motherhood wherein they may not carried the child but want to breastfeed him or her to bond with the child,\" says Anand-based IVF and surrogacy specialist Dr Naina Patel.Dr Patel says that while the jury is still out on whether the nutrition content of the milk produced by mother who has delivered the child and milk of mother who took hormones to stimulate lactation is the same, many mothers say it helps them connect with the child.\"Since I started lactating before the child was delivered by the surrogate, I stored milk in bottle in the deep freezer which I will use to feed the child later when I go back to the UK,\" said an NRG woman who had opted for surrogate pregnancy and has come to India for the delivery of her child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875460", "title": "Woman cop, son thrashed at Nagpur railway station", "text": "NAGPUR: A female police personnel, her son and daughter-in-law were thrashed by railway passengers over reservation of seats on Tuesday night. The Chhattisgarh express was delayed 40 minutes due to the fracas.Sources said that 48-year-old Anusuya Yadav, posted as ASI at Ajni police station, her son Chandan Yadav and daughter-in-law reached Nagpur railway station at 9.45pm. Yadav had come to see off his wife and mother, who were to board Chhattisgarh express.According to their reservations, Anusuya and her daughter-in-law occupied seats in S-6 coach. However, a few minutes later three people, Joginder Singh Tahel Singh (48), Gurucharan Singh Multani (23) and JItendra Singh Amit Singh (25), all residents of Ramai Nagar in Jaripatka, claimed the seats were in their name.The three picked up an argument and thrashed Chandan Yadav. They also hit Anusuya and Yadav's wife, when they tried to intervene. The two ladies suffered swellings while Chandan fainted due to the beating. The three accused men also pushed railway personnel and other passengers. GRP has arrested all three accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875377", "title": "50 couples tie knot at Paradsinga mass marriage", "text": "NAGPUR: The mass marriage organized by Vasantrao Deshmukh Foundation at pilgrim centre of Paradsinga on Katol Road saw 50 couples entering wedlock in an all-religion ceremony. NCP leader and food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh is the man behind this annual event that entered tenth year. Till now 700 couples have tied the knot at this venue at mass weddings.Organized on the auspicious Akshay Tritiya day, thousands of people from all over the region attended the ceremony. Buddhist high priest Nagarjun Surei Sasai presided over while Anil and Arti Deshmukh also blessed the newly wedded couples. A dance troupe from Vrindavan (Mathura) presented a scintillating performance of Krishnaleela on the occasion.\"One of the causes of economic distress among farmers is the huge spending on weddings. They often mortgage their land to get loan and the borrowed money is spent on elaborate weddings just to follow tradition. Many times, the farmer unable to clear the loan also loses his land and is driven to desperate measures like suicide. That is why we decided to organize this event under the aegis of the Foundation,\" said Deshmukh.Besides providing utensils and other household goods under the government scheme to the couples, all guests were provided a feast at Anusayadevi temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873259", "title": "Virtual friendships touch new high", "text": "PUNE: Anjali and Viren have known each other for almost eight years now. They describe each other as '3 am' friends. Ask Anjali how many times they meet in a week, and she smiles. \"We have never met,\" says she, and continues, \"We met online when he commented on a blog post I had written. Soon we were mailing each other every other day.\"But, how could they have not met and continued to be friends for so long? \"Life has changed in these eight years. We have graduated from being college students to professionals. I'm based in Pune where as Viren stays in Lucknow. Both of us lead separate lives, but we are always there for each other.\"Long back we had pen pals, technology turned that into e-mail friendship. One often hears of cases where people meet online, chat and mail for a while then lose touch. Or sometimes, their relationship evolves into a more mature one that leads to a walk down the aisle.All the same, there are many who have mail friends, but have never met. In fact, when contacted, Viren says, \"I'm happy with the friendship that I have with Anjali. She had invited me for her wedding four years ago, but I declined. I think the space that we have given each other has added to the maturity of our friendship.\"IT entrepreneur Mayank Jha met Melanie Biel online in a gameroom. Their mutual passion for games brought them together. Melanie is based in Idaho, but that didn't deter their friendhsip which has been going strong for six years now. In between Mayank relocated thrice, and Melanie relocated once. They lost touch for about six months, admits Mayank. But, once they got back, there was nothing stopping them.\"Both of us belong to different cultures. I come from a very conservative background, where as she has always enjoyed freedom in every sense. We are both amazed by the other's ways and lifestyle. The difference has been the binding factor. Both of us have gained through this friendship. We bring different perspectives to a certain situation and that helps us tackle life better,\" says Mayank.Homemaker Sunita Paul says, \"Five years ago I found myself suddenly alone. My husband and son used to leave in the morning and get back home only in the evening after my husband's office and my son's basketball practice and tuitions. I had a lot of time on my hands and practically nothing much to do. I came across another woman like me in a chatroom. In the beginning both of us were skeptical as you never know with the virtual world. But, soon we were regularly mailing each other and swapping homemaking tips and recipes. The fact that Rati is settled abroad and we have never met just doesn't matter.\"Asked about their friendship, Rati says on mail, \"I feel nice knowing that Sunita is there for me at the other end of the line. We swap childhood stories and share our failures and success. The fact that we are physically apart has somehow broken down inhibitions. It's like writing a diary.\"Like Rati, Anitha V also agrees that being physically apart sometimes helps break inhibitions. She says, \"I met Nitin in a chatroom six years ago. I was going through a low phase, and found myself sharing my innermost feelings with him. After that, I admit, I was a bit apprehensive. But, the way Nitin supported me through his mails built my confidence. Now, if anything new happens in my life, he is the first one to know after my family. Sometimes, he gets to know before my family.\"Now Anitha plans to start an e-mail friends group on Facebook, so that more people like her can come together and share their views. But, what about her family? What do they think about this strange equation? Anitha says, \"Before I got married I told my husband-to-be about Nitin. In fact, I introduced both of them. In the beginning he too was a bit skeptical, but now he understands how much I value this friendship and how it fulfills me.\"Making online friends may be the answer to many people's loneliness, but what does the medical fraternity have to say?Psychologist Swapnil Deshmukh says, \"Often those who are introverts by nature or lack social skills, go in for making friends online. Also, sometimes when a person does not have the unconditional support of the family, s/he tends to look for that support elsewhere. We also find people with an anxiety disorder leaning towards online relationships.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12872814", "title": "Aarushi murder case: CBI slams Nupur Talwar for \u2018bench hunting\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation , which had filed a closure report in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case, on Wednesday opposed Nupur Talwar's plea for reconsideration of the Supreme Court's January 6 order asking her to face trial and accused her of \"forum shopping and bench hunting\".Nupur had claimed that the CBI had ignored \"clinching evidence\" against servants and the trial court too did the same mistake while issuing summons to her on February 9 last year asking her to face trial in the case. A bench of Justices A K Ganguly (since retired) and J S Khehar had dismissed her petition challenging the trial court's decision on CBI's final report.The review petition is scheduled for hearing before a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar on April 27 along with her anticipatory bail plea and petition seeking stay of non-bailable arrest warrant issued against her by the trial court. On April 13, the CBI had promised the bench that she would not be arrested till hearing on her bail plea.In its reply to Nupur's review petition, the CBI said, \"Despite tall claims in the last four years about believing in the justice system and about being fully willing to participate in the endeavour to obtain justice for the victims Aarushi and Hemraj, her behaviour since special judicial magistrate's February 9, 2011 order has been anything but cooperative.\"It said Nupur and her husband Dr Rajesh Talwar had made several attempts to approach the Supreme Court to obtain some form of stay of the trial.\"In effect, these repeated attempts by the accused have virtually rendered the Supreme Court as a trial court. The petitioner has constantly interfered with the smooth and effective commencement of the trial from the time she obtained a stay on March 19, 2011 from the apex court and even after its vacation by the January 6, 2012 order,\" the CBI affidavit filed through advocate A K Sharma said.The CBI said the apex court traditionally allowed re-hearing in \"rarest of rare cases\" on the basis of a review petition and cited the order of the court in dismissing the Union government's plea for reconsideration of judgment in the case Manmohan Singh vs Subramanian Swamy. The SC had said, \"In the garb of review, the petitioner cannot seek re-hearing of the matter and re-consideration of the issues decided by the court.\"In its response drafted by advocate Padmalakshmi Nigam, the agency said, \"As one of the accused in the murder of Hemraj and Aarushi, it does not lie in the mouth of the petitioner to aver before the Supreme Court that there is 'clinching evidence', which are a matter of trial and yet to be tested before the special judicial magistrate.\"\"It is not for the Supreme Court to appreciate evidence much less in a review petition. It has been a constant endeavour of the petitioner and Dr Rajesh Talwar to mislead and avert the attention of initially the UP police, then the CBI and now the courts, including the Supreme Court, away from them,\" the agency added.It also mentioned the March 2 order by a bench of Justices B S Chauhan and J S Khehar rejecting Rajesh Talwar's plea for transfer of trial from Ghaziabad to Delhi and said, \"The averments and conduct of the petitioner to constantly do forum shopping and bench hunting clearly shows that she wishes to conduct the trial before the Supreme Court.\"The multiple proceedings initiated by Nupur had delayed commencement of trial, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12874436", "title": "Pre-monsoon preparations at a standstill", "text": "KOCHI: After most of the major locations in the city got inundated following sudden showers on Tuesday night, city residents got a preview of what is in store for them in the coming monsoon season. The speed with which roads got water-logged brought to the forefront the fact that the corporation is not ready to meet this year's monsoon.While the city administration claims that since 2007 projects to clean and desilt waterways and improve the drainage system are under way under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), Tuesday night's downpour proved that Kochi might struggle this monsoon season.\"Even posh areas like Panampilly Nagar experienced water-logging and I had to struggle to get my scooter across the stretch. If a summer rain can create such a situation it is better not to think of the situation in June and July,\" said Junaid S, a businessman.However, town planning committee chairperson Soumini Jain said the corporation was trying to finish pre-monsoon preparations by mid-May and was confident about tackling the issue.\"Across the city, works amounting to Rs 200 crore are in various stages of implementation. These include cleaning of small drains, culverts and large canals across the wards in the city. Thanks to Metro Rail, the Thevara Perandoor canal cleaning is moving ahead and we are monitoring the process and providing assistance. Similar clean-up works for canals are in progress to ensure free and fast flow of water during the monsoon season. Attention is also being given to the culverts along the railway lines that cut across the city and which are major contributors to water-logging,\" Soumini said.\"While the election procedures related with Piravom bypoll prevented the early initiation of the projects, minor issues with government agencies like Kerala water Authority, BSNL, PWD and KSEB, who have their lines going through these areas has also delayed the works. But we are confident of completing all projects by mid-May,\" Soumini said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12873816", "title": "Zoo, lake will be open on Tuesdays", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore zoo and Karanji Lake will remain open on Tuesdays for the next three weeks to facilitate visitors, especially students, this summer season.Zoo executive director and conservator of forests BP Ravi, said, \"Though Tuesday is a weekly holiday for people working in the zoo and Karanji Lake, it will still be kept open to public on May 1, 8 and 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12874986", "title": "Barkatullah University website gets 12 crore hits in 1 yr!", "text": "BHOPAL:The official website of Barkatullah University received 12 crore hits, a record of sorts in 2010, according to the 39th annual report of the university.The report stated the official portal of the university received 12,16,12,985 hits from January 2010 to December 2010. The programme coordinator of the university, Amit Dutta, claimed that BU's portal has become the most visited website in the state among all government universities. \"Even I was also surprised after reading the report that BU's website received a huge number of hits,\" Dutta said.Dutta said the site was developed in 2004. \"I have been making gradual changes in the website since it was launched. Earlier, there was limited information. In the past two years, I have made it comprehensive with most possible information about Barkatullah University and students,\" Dutta claimed.\"Taking information from website is easier for students wanting information about the university. The number of visitors' increased exponentially after portal started providing on-line results, details of teaching department and the list of colleges affiliated to the university among others,\" Dutta said.The website has received 70% hits from Asian countries. The remaining hits were from other parts of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12874454", "title": "Gandhinagar to host 2nd edition of Agritech Asia", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The second edition of the international exhibition on technology in agriculture sector - Agritech Asia-2012 - will be held in Gandhinagar from September 3. The show is likely to have more than 150 exhibitors from across the country apart from a large contingent from Israel .The event, being organized with the support of state government's business facilitation arm Industrial Extension Bureau (iNDEXt-B) is hoping to get over 1 lakh visitors. The first edition of the expo was held in Mumbai last year. This is also one of the first major events being organized ahead of the Vibrant Gujarat Summit - 2013.\"We have tried to provide a platform to all stakeholders in the agriculture sector to know what the latest technological developments across the globe are,\" managing director of MD iNDEXt-b Mukesh Kumar said.Dan Meiri, GM Agritech, which is the Israeli partner for expo, said it was looking to increase export of Israeli technology and India was an important destination for Israel.\"The Israelis have worked under water stressed conditions and have developed these technologies. India has just begun to get into that mode and started adopting those technologies,\" joint secretary, National Committee on Plasticulture Application on Horticulture (NCPAH) Krish Iyengar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873094", "title": "Fees, admissions to professional colleges to be regulated", "text": "PUNE: The state-appointed Shikshan Shulka Samiti (fee fixation panel) and Pravesh Niyantran Samiti (admission regulation panel) are all set to acquire greater legal teeth.The department of higher and technical education (H&TE;) has decided to bring an enactment for regulation of fees and admissions at higher and professional colleges in the state. \"A legislative bill is to be tabled in the state assembly during the coming monsoon session,\" H&TE; deputy secretary Abhay Wagh said.As of now, the two regulatory panels are working on the basis of the policies that are chalked out every year to deal with matters relating to fixation of fees and admissions. \"The powers and functions of these committees will be legally well-defined and clear on account of the proposed act,\" said Wagh.\"The draft for the legislative bill is currently being prepared by a high-level committee comprising the secretaries of H&TE; and the medical education and research departments, among others,\" said Wagh, who is also a part of the committee.He said, \"The panel will also take into account the various recommendations made by the three committees, under nuclear scientist Anil Kakodkar, academicians Arun Nigavekar and Ram Takwale, for reforms in higher education , while finalising the draft bill.\"Wagh pointed out that the two regulatory panels, each headed by retired high court judges and comprising other members like a chartered accountant and academician, among others, were set up as part of an interim measure that was recommended by the Supreme Court through its landmark judgments on cost-based education in 2002 and 2003.The apex court had then asked the central government and the state governments to pass their own enactments for regulation of fees and admissions at higher and professional colleges. Some of the states like Kerala, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu have already passed their acts, but Maharashtra government had taken a stance that it will wait for the central government to pass the act first before replicating the same in the state.Also, there was no coordination on the matter between the state departments of H&TE; and medical education and research. The latter conducts the MHT-CET, which is the combined entrance test for admissions to health sciences, engineering and pharmacy courses in the state.However, the government's latest decision is a shift from the earlier position of waiting for the central enactment. \"The state can always go on its own and it has made a move now,\" said Wagh. \"The committee for drafting the proposed act will also consider the acts passed by the southern states while finalising the draft,\" he said.It may be noted that the fee fixation panel annually handles more than 2,200 fees revision proposals for H&TE; institutions and another 200 proposals for health sciences institutions. In the past, members of the state assembly had raised concerns over the delay in passing the enactment for regulation of professional fees and admissions.Minister for H&TE; Rajesh Tope had informed members at a recent meeting organized by the director of technical education and the Consortium of Management Education (COME) that the regulatory act is in the offing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "berhampurr", "code": "12874458", "title": "SC judge refuses honorary degree", "text": "BERHAMPURr: Supreme Court judge Dipak Mishra has refused to accept an honorary Doctor in Law degree from Berhampur University.\"Justice Mishra has declined to accept the honorary degree due to some personal reason. He recently communicated this to vice chancellor Jayant Mahapatra,\" a university source said on Wednesday.The varsity had proposed to give honorary degrees to 10 persons, including Mishra, on its next convocation on May 2. The recipients include leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitly, Berhampur MP Sidhant Mohapatra, Puri MP Pinaki Mishra, leading advocate Iqbal Chagla, woman activist V Mohini Giri, Planning Commission member Syed S Hammed, sand artist Sudarshan Patnaik, senior journalist Soumya Ranjan Patnaik and spiritual leader Chandrabhanu Satapathy. The university selected these persons for their contribution towards society in their respective fields. Although the Puri MP Puri and Chagla have agreed to accept the degree, they however would not be able to attend the convocation due to prior commitments, sources said.Noted cardiologists Kabi Prasad Mishra would be conferred with an honorary D.Sc at the convocation, which will be held after a gap of four years. The last and sixteenth convocation in the university was held in 2008. Planning Commission member Syed S Hammed will present the key note convocation address, sources said.As many as 221 persons will also receive the certificates of the Ph.D, D.Sc and D.Lit at the convocation. The certificates of the undergraduate students of the year from 2008 to 2010 will be given in their respective colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12875528", "title": "Over 300 demonstrators demoted", "text": "PATNA: The Magadh University (MU) syndicate reverted over 300 redesignated demonstrators to the post of laboratory in-charge in different colleges, placing them in the non-teaching staff category.The decision was taken following a state government order which had declared them as non-teaching staff, said MU acting VC Arun Kumar. The syndicate also approved three new pay scales for them based on their service conditions and educational qualifications.It may be recalled that those labs in-charge with graduate qualifications were redesignated as demonstrators and placed them in the teachers category as well.Semester system: MU is working out details to introduce semester system at undergraduate level in all colleges from the current session itself. It has already decided to introduce the system in 26 PG courses in 2012-2013, MU VC Arun Kumar said.New course: RLSY College, Bakhtiarpur, is likely to start new vocational courses in library science and communicative English from the current session, said its principal P K Verma.Mass media education: B S College, Danapur, is to start a course in mass media from the current session. Admission to the course will be made on merit. The college would announce the dates soon for applying to this course, said principal Pravin Kumar.Demand for permanent principals: The All India Students' Federation (AISF) has launched a peaceful agitation for posting permanent principals at College of Commerce here, Nalanda College, Biharsharif, and Dalherata College, Lari (Jehanabad). The stir would continue till the demand is fulfilled by the university, they said.Seniority claimed: A senior chemistry teacher of College of Commerce, R K Mehra, claimed to be the seniormost teacher to be 'professor in charge of the college' till a permanent principal is posted there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873832", "title": "Orders today on Acharya bail plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: Principal special judge A Pullaiah on Wednesday reserved his orders to Thursday on the bail application filed by B P Acharya, the accused No one in the Emaar scam case and the former MD of APIIC.The bail applications filed by mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy and former industries secretary Y Srilakshmi, the two accused in the illegal mining scam, were posted to April 28 for further hearing.Orders on the petition filed by G Vijaya Raghav, an Emaar MGF official, who wanted the court to declare his arrest as illegal because the CBI did not show any grounds or made out any case against him so far, too were reserved to April 27. While countering arguments of Dil Jit Singh Ahluwalia, the counsel for Vijaya Raghav, the CBI counsel stated that once prima facie case was made out against an accused, Article 21 of the constitution would stand suspended. As such, the petitioner was not entitled to any protection under Article 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12873431", "title": "Revenue inspector held on bribe charges", "text": "HUBLI: Revenue Inspector and his personal assistant were arrested for allegedly taking a bribe of Rs15,000 from a farmer at the Mini Vidhana Soudha in Hubli on Wednesday.Lokayukta DYSP Almalekar told TOI that revenue inspector Ganesh Chalakeri demanded a bribe of Rs 15,000 to move files of Channabasayya Pujar, a farmer from Byahatti village, who was seeking entry of the six acres of his fields. Pujar lodged a complaint with the Lokayukta on Wednesday morning and acting on the complaint, Lokayukta police has arrested revenue inspector and his assistant in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12874713", "title": "Documentaries find audience now", "text": "BANGALORE: As Mumbai's rat killers carry carcasses of rodents every morning to earn a living, multiplexes across the country have audiences cuing into the topic. What awakened Bangalore-bred Miriam Chandy Menacherry's attention to the issue was a small article in a Mumbai newspaper. '' It said the municipality was holding auditions for rat killers and 2,000 candidates had applied. I was intrigued,'' she says.When Miriam met the rat killers and learnt that some were studying engineering, others were post-graduates and their supervisor an aspiring dancer for Bollywood films she found in it a bigger narrative. '' It told me of people coming to the city in search of dreams and their struggle to earn a livelihood. The rat then became a vehicle for me to portray issues of livelihood, sanitation and development through the stories of people who have to kill these rodents,'' she explains.This story went on to captivate the Cannes international jury in 2010 and had three sold-out shows in Amsterdam (2011), where it premiered at IDFA, one of the biggest international documentary festivals. With this boost, the film is being shown commercially at multiplex theatres like PVR and Big Cinemas in Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore.Miriam, after seeing the movie strike a chord at Cannes and in Amsterdam felt it important to take it to multiplexes across India, to reach out to a fresh wave of audiences wizening to documentaries. \"Across the world, documentaries are bringing a lot of fresh energy and perspective. Theatre chains are recognizing there is an audience for this kind of content, and are hence willing to take the risk,\" explains Miriam.The risk seems well calculated with 'The Rat Race' selling out in Amsterdam. \"At the International Documentary Festival of Amsterdam, it was only one among hundreds of documentaries that theatre-goers there paid to see,\" says Miriam. \"I was amazed that people were paying 21 euro for my premiere show, I wanted to take photos of the ticket. I was even more amazed by the kind of films playing there. It was humbling to see movies like 'Five Broken Cameras' the story of a Palestinian father using a home-video camera bought at the time of his son's birth, to document Israeli occupation of his village. The story is only about footage got from each of his cameras before they broke. It is the most powerful cinema anyone can experience and can only leave you changed.\"Influenced by realism, Miriam's film is creating an enduring impact in India. \"Everyone who goes to see the film has been inspired. Documentary is breaking ground even if it is slow. In fact, Bangalore as a market has shown the strongest response with an over 50% turnout as on Monday\" she smiles.Even so, India is only yet flirting with the documentary genre. \"But I am sure we will embrace this culture very fast as a nation which is hooked to breaking news,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873263", "title": "Airlines feel the pinch as Delhi International Airport Limited hikes fees", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the hike in landing-parking charges and the new user development fee (UDF) is implemented, the goal of IGI's Terminal 3 to become a hub like Dubai or Singapore , say airlines, will become difficult to reach.Already, Malaysian low-cost carrier Air Asia has pulled out of Delhi and Mumbai citing high airport charges. This will create additional strain for cash-strapped airlines like Air India or Kingfisher. IndiGo president Aditya Ghosh said: \"We are extremely concerned at the unreasonable burdening of passengers and airlines. All airlines under the aegis of Federation of Indian Airlines (FIA) had filed comprehensive comments with AERA. Other elements which formed the basis of this increase, particularly, the escalated project cost of Rs 12,857 crore from the initial estimated Rs 8,975 crore, has also been challenged by FIA in an appeal to the regulator... While we evaluate next steps, we feel that such increase is against the interests of common consumers.\"Pieter De Man, India head of Air France-KLM, said the collective impact of UDF and hiked charges is going to be very steep. \"We foresee an approximate increase of $50 (Rs 2,600)-$100 (Rs 5,200) per ticket owing to this hike, which might lead to many airlines reassessing their operational viability in terms of capacity and frequency from the country. Delhi will not be a financially viable airport to operate to,\" De Man said, adding that \"this increase makes Delhi airport the most expensive airport in Asia Pacific region as compared with Hong Kong and Kuala Lumpur , which are 70% cheaper and (even) more expensive than Osaka, Tokyo and Sydney .\"DIAL, however, said: \"Delhi airport will compare favourably with other major global airports where passenger fees range between $25 (Rs 1,300) and $30 (Rs 1,560) on an average, thus making a very soft impact on the passengers...Considering additional investments done as per the terms of the concession, capacity building and new features are factored in; the tariff hike effective from May15, 2012, is less than half of requested increase and is therefore inadequate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12878002", "title": "Bofors issue rocks Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of Bofors rocked both the Houses of Parliament on Thursday.There was ruckus in the Lok Sabha as the BJP and the Left took on the government in the case after former Swedish police chief's allegation that payoffs were made in purchase of Bofors guns during the then Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's tenure.The Left demanded reopening of the case.Congress leader Sanjay Nirupam strongly defended the govt and said the case should not be reopned under any circumstances.Later, the House was adjourned till 2pm.In the Rajya Sabha Leader of the Opposition Arun Jaitley raised the issue.With the opposition and the treasury benches refusing to listen to the Chair, the Upper House was also adjourned till 2pm.Earlier, Rajya Sabha witnessed two adjournments in the pre-noon session after uproar by Opposition BJP and AIADMK.BJP and AIADMK members displayed copies of a newspaper interview given by Swedish police chief Sten Lindstrom where he said Gandhi did nothing to prevent the cover-up to protect Italian businessman Ottavio Quattrocchi, who is alleged to have received pay-offs in the case.Chairman Hamid Ansari said the Question Hour will not be suspended and asked members to resume their places.When the House met again, similar scenes were repeated with BJP members shouting slogans: \"Quattrocchi ko kis ney bachaya (Who saved Quattrocchi)\". Ansari repeatedly asked the members to take their seats and raise the issue during Zero Hour. \"Please sit down. Allow Question Hour to proceed. Raise the issue at 1200 hours,\" he pleaded with the agitated members.Every time BJP members shouted \"Who saved Quattrocchi\", ruling Congress members joined the chorus shouting \"BJP ney bachaya (BJP saved him)\". Mani Shankar Aiyar (Cong) said Leader of the Opposition Arun Jaitely was the additional solicitor general who had done paper work in the Bofors investigation case.Ravi Shankar Prasad (BJP) said very serious questions have been raised by the former Swiss police chief while his party members continued shouting slogans. Amid din, Ansari adjourned the House till noon.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12875713", "title": "Need for speedy waste disposal at ghats", "text": "VARANASI: Among all the reasons polluting the river Ganga, the dumping of degradable and non-biodegrable solid waste into the river is going unnoticed and unrecorded in the city. The Varanasi Nagar Nigam does collect silt, floral and plastic waste from the river, but the heaps of this garbage remain deposited at the ghats. The delay in collection of the deposited solid waste at the ghats forces people to dispose of the garbage back into the Ganga.According to additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh, there are three boats deployed for the purpose of transporting the solid waste collected from the ghats to the other side of the river. \"These three boats take care of all the ghats from Asi to Rajghat and are functional throughout the day. The garbage is filtered well before it is lifted in the boat,\" said Singh.However, if the boatmen and locals are to be believed, the garbage has not been collected from the ghats since a long time. \"There is only one functional boat of VNN which operates at all the ghats for this purpose, all other boats are damaged,\" alleged Vinod Manjhi, a boatman who spends most of his time at Dasaswamedh ghat.According to Vinod, heaps of waste collected on the ghats are creating trouble for devotees, daily bathers and boatmen (as their boats cannot reach the shore).Jitendra Nishad, another boatman at Rajendra Prasad ghat, said, \"The VNN boat is yet to collect this garbage, which is why we force the waste material back into the river, so that tourists and devotees are not troubled.\"The stairs at most of the prominent ghats, including Dasaswamedh Ghat, Rajendra Prasad Ghat, Sheetla Ghat, Panchganga Ghat and Asi Ghat, are covered with heaps of garbage.Commenting on this, the additional municipal commissioner said, \"There is no information on such activity as of now, but throwing garbage back into the river is punshiable and action will be taken against anybody caught doing so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12873071", "title": "Republican Party of India holds agitation against water crisis", "text": "PUNE: The Republican Party of India (RPI) on Wednesday held an agitation outside the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) building against the severe water crisis faced by residents in the city. The RPI alleged that the ruling NCP has failed to provide uninterrupted water supply to the city even though there was enough water storage in dams.The agitators demanded immediate solution to the water crisis.RPI leader Datta Pol asked if water shortage was expected, why was it not announced after monsoon? \"The NCP leaders should give an explanation. Let the residents know where the water has gone,\" said Pol.Pol said that a significant chunk of the city's population resides in slums which face immense shortage of water. Even with the PMC preparing a revised time-table for water supply, slums receive very less water.Firoz Mulla, another leader, said that there was no equitable water supply. The administration should take steps to streamline the water supply, he added.The RPI has threatened to intensify the agitation if the ruling party and the administration fail to take steps to streamline water supply to the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12873775", "title": "Tariff hike likely for Arogyasri surgeries", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Arogyasri Trust has recently embarked on a package pricing exercise to address the long-pending demand of private hospitals for a hike in the tariffs. But the catch here is after this \"scientific\" exercise, the trust may end up increasing the tariffs marginally or even decrease, whichever necessary.Senior officials at the trust said that now tariffs would be based on the latest WHO approved methodology, that is elaborate and scientific. The trust that currently has around 390 empanelled hospitals started the exercise a few days ago. Expert teams comprising specialists from both private and government hospitals have been constituted and group discussions would be held to arrive at logical conclusions. In fact, this exercise is a part of the larger evaluation of the scheme being done in collaboration with Administrative Staff College of India and Public Health Foundation of India.The existing tariffs for the 938 procedures under the scheme were fixed when the scheme was launched about five years ago. Private hospital representatives argue that over the last five years, the prices of essential hospital and medical supplies have seen an almost 100% increase. Also, not only the salaries, even petrol prices, equipment, rent and pharma costs too have gone up.Going by the inflation rate, the tariffs need to be doubled, claimed the managing director of an Arogyasri empanelled hospital. However, he said the hospitals would be happy if there is at least a 50% hike.All in all, private hospitals have been asking for an annual 10% hike or a hike as per the ongoing market rates. \"All the complicated surgeries and procedures are being managed by the private sector ever since the government reserved 133 procedures for state-run hospitals. But when it comes to the tariffs, they are not even willing to talk to us,\" said a doctor from another private hospital. A few of the hospitals, however, were convinced that the trust is not going to increase the rates. \"An official hinted that the trust is not in a position to increase the tariffs,\" said a senior doctor from private hospital.Trust officials said that this exercise will take a few months at least. They said that if the demand is genuine, only then there would be a hike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12874794", "title": "Village pins hopes on Congress chief", "text": "BANGALORE: Nagasamudra village in Chitradurga district, a quiet village about 222 km from Bangalore, is a Congress bastion. The village, which falls under the Molakalmur assembly constituency represented by former CM and stalwart Congressman late S Nijalingappa, is eagerly awaiting AICC president Sonia Gandhi's visit on Saturday.The village has been reeling under drought for the last two years. Congressmen chose the village to show the dried up tank to the Congress president, as an empty water body is the most visible sign of drought. The century-old tank (about 170 hectares) will not only be a testimony of the prevailing drought in the region, but of the entire state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12873788", "title": "Bugging row: Tejinder moves SC against Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: After filing a defamation suit in a Delhi court against Army chief General V K Singh for accusing him of offering a bribe in the Tatra truck deal, Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh on Wednesday moved the Supreme Court accusing the Army chief of unauthorizedly recording conversations in breach of his right to privacy.He requested the apex court to \"seize from the possession of Gen V K Singh, his immediate staff, family members and relatives and to keep in sealed cover any recording or document relating to private life of petitioner (Lt Gen Tejinder Singh)\". The petitioner said he has \"obtained incriminating evidence against the Respondent No 5 (Gen V K Singh) which are being submitted to the SC in sealed cover\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "new delhi/kanpur", "code": "12873205", "title": "Robbers run amok, loot train passengers", "text": "NEW DELHI/KANPUR: In yet another incident that exposes the shoddy security arrangements at important points in the capital, 14 armed men boarded the general coach of the Orissa Sampark Kranti Express from New Delhi Railway Station on Tuesday. Around 8am when the train crossed Ghaziabad, the robbers shut the two entrances to the coach and overpowered the only railway police force (RPF) officer in the coach.The robbers then forced the 159 passengers inside the coach to hand over their cash and valuables. Those who resisted were beaten and attacked with knives and pistol butts. Six passengers were injured during the robbery.\"The men demanded cash and jewellery. Midnapore resident Pramod Das was gashed on his hands and his watch and rings were pulled off. After this we were terrified and nobody protested. The robbers ransacked and looted our luggage,'' said Mamoni Khatun, one of the victims. \"The men then packed the loot into two bags and got down at Kalwa railway station,'' said Khatun. The North Central Railway authorities said the robbers pulled the chain at Kalwa railway station in western UP.\"Cash, cellphones and jewellery were looted at gunpoint. Even women were beaten up and their ornaments snatched. The travel ticket examiner was also robbed,\" said Prabuddh Das, one of the injured. Four of the injured are residents of West Bengal.When the train reached Kanpur Central Railway Station, the passengers got down and raised a hue and cry. Passengers said a complaint was lodged at Kanpur Central station four hours later.Officials from the government railway police (GRP), UP, said they had acquired the CCTV footage of passengers boarding the train at New Delhi Railway station. \"We have taken down the addresses of passengers who can recognize the attackers. We will get in touch with GRPs of these states. We have alerted police in western UP about the incident,'' said the chief spokesperson, North Central Railway. Railway minister Mukul Roy could not be contacted . His office said that he was aware of the incident.While it is befuddling how 14 men managed to get across the security check at New Delhi Railway Station with firearms, the robbery also highlights the poor deployment of RPF officers on trains. Recently, the Orissa Sampark Kranti Express had been provided with extra security personnel as it passes through Maoist-affected areas. However, railway officials defended this by pointing out that the deployment takes place only after the train reaches Kharagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12875638", "title": "Undertrials create ruckus at sessions court lock-up", "text": "KANPUR: High drama ensued at the sessions court lock-up in Kanpur Nagar on Wednesday, after the police stopped the undertrials from bringing edibles and other utility items inside the cells. The restrictions irked the undertrials and they created a ruckus. Later, senior officials reached the spot and pacified the undertrials, bringing the situation under control.It all started at around 2.00pm, when the cops posted at the lock-up gate caught an undertrial smuggling beer inside, as the beer bottle fell on the ground. The cops, thereafter, stopped others from bringing any item along with them. This angered the undertrials and they started a protest, raising anti-police slogans. The undertrials even alleged that the cops misbehaved with women members of their family, who had come to meet them and demanded that the guilty cops be suspended.Later, the undertrials held beer bottles from inside the lock-up claiming that providing beer was one of the several facilities given to them by the cops themselves, in exchange for money. Now all of a sudden the cops were not allowing them to carry even drinking water during transportation and in lock-ups. This was an inhuman act.Countering their allegations, the cops said that after finding the beer bottle during checking, they took to strictly following the guidelines issued by the senior officials. Meanwhile, Devesh Kumar Pandey, circle officer Kotwali, deputy jailer Rajendra Singh, Avinash Singh, ADM city and additional city magistrate reached the court to bring the situation under control. After being pacified, the undertrials came out from the sessions lock-up and were sent to the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12873792", "title": "'Make all Indian rivers pollution-free'", "text": "NASHIK: The Akhil Bharatiya Tirtha Purohit Mahasabha (ABTPM), the national-level association of priests from all pilgrimage centres in the country, has asked the state government to ensure that all holy rivers across the country, including the Godavari, are free from pollution, or else face an agitation. The priests have also demanded that a a special national fund be set up for the purpose.The ABTPM has warned of a series of agitations in front of the Parliament in Delhi if the government does not take any action in this connection. The decision to this effect was taken at a two-day national-level conference of priests from all 84 pilgrimage centres across the country, organized by the ABTPM.Satish Shukla, vice-president of the ABTPM and president of the Nashik-based Ganga Godavari Purohit Sangha, said, \"Our national-level conference of priests from 84 pilgrimage centres across the country was held recently at Allahabad in Uttar Pradesh with the president of the ABTPM Prakash Mishra chairing the meet. A resolution was passed to ask the government to make all rivers, including Godavari, free from pollution and set up a special national fund for the purpose. We have decided to meet the PM Manmohan Singh in this connection shortly. The association has also decided to stage agitations in front of the Parliament in Delhi if the government does not take action in this connection.\"Situated on the banks of the river Godavari, Nashik is one of the major centres of pilgrimage in the country as thousands of tourists and devotees visit the spot daily. Generally, pilgrims drink and take away holy 'tirtha' (holy water) from the Godavari. But cleaning and sanitary work in the river and its nearby areas in Panchavati are not carried out properly.Religious activities are continuously performed here in the Ramkund area, but water is not released here constantly. Hence, regular cleaning and constant water flow in Ramkund are needed. This is the same situation with other holy rivers too. In most of the places, the Godavari has been covered with weeds for the last several years. But, the river has not been freed from the plants,\" Shukla said.Mishra said, \"All the holy rivers across the country, including the Godavari, Yamuna and Saraswati, are polluted, and this causes inconvenience to priests and pilgrims. We, at our two-day conference, have decided to meet PM Manmohan Singh and urge him to make all rivers, including the Godavari, free from pollution and set up a special national fund for cleaning and maintenance of these rivers. We have also decided to stage agitations in front of the Parliament in Delhi if the government doesn't take any action.\"\"Apart from this, resolutions which were passed at the conference include connecting all 84 pilgrimage centres across the country by rail, formation of tirtha vikas nigams (pilgrimage centre development corporation) by the government for the development of pilgrimage centres in the country, reservation in government tourism sectors for priests who perform rituals at pilgrimage centres and continuous follow-up of resolutions passed at the conference with the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12874138", "title": "Tainted contractor attends meeting", "text": "GURGAON: The amount of influence the contractors have on the officials of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon and the councillors can be gauged from the fact that one of the tainted sanitation contractors was present in Wednesday's House meeting and was found exchanging notes with the officials before he was caught and thrown out. On top of it, a councillor's husband, who too did not have any business in the meeting, showered praises on the contractor and made a desperate appeal that he should be awarded a contract.As TOI reported on Wednesday, the issue of sanitation contract was widely debated in the meeting. However, no resolution could be taken at the end of it. While the councillors demanded that the ongoing tender process should be terminated and fresh bids should be invited, the commissioner was of the view that the process should not be stalled.\"The very fact that the contractor of Balaji Security Service had the audacity to be present in the House meeting proves that he is desperate to get the contract and is working in connivance with the MCG officials. It was only after I brought it to the notice of the mayor and commissioner that he was sent out of the meeting hall,\" said councillor Sunita Kataria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12873739", "title": "A late-night dining outlet for nocturnals", "text": "MANGALORE: When Mangalore sleeps, the gastronomically minded can go for a quick bite or sumptuous meal even after the stroke of midnight.The concept of a midnight buffet was not totally alien in this coastal city with a restaurant in trading capital Bunder, Bombay Lucky, being open till dawn. This stopped after the region became communally sensitive and the joint now shuts shop at midnight.Now, for those who are inimical to visit Bunder with family can opt for midnight buffet at Ocean Pearl. Started a couple of months ago, the midnight buffet is served from 11.30pm to 2.30am and extends even beyond that, on demand.What prompted the hotel to start this? Nagarajan Udupa, vice-president, Ocean Pearl, said, \"My past experience in similar towns prompted us to start this. Mangalore definitely has the potential but nobody tapped it. I noticed that the number of times people dine out here is higher than that of Bangalore.'' Mangalore is a happening and fun-loving town. \"After we launched the joint, there have been serpentine queues, with guests urging us to expand the joint,\" Udupa said.What gets served at the midnight buffet is the usual fare, but the chefs have taken care to see that it's less taxing on the stomach. \"We have taken a conscious decision to make dishes less oily and serve soft breads instead of hard rotis and neer dosas with vegetarian and non-vegetarian accompaniments,'' he added.The clientele extends from families, late night film goers to party hoppers. The hotel is also the only place where the coffee shop is open 24X7, unlike many places here which closes at midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12875496", "title": "Rs 4 lakh theft at MLA hostel", "text": "NAGPUR: A robbery of valuables worth Rs 4 lakh was reported from one of the rooms at the MLA hostel in Civil Lines on Tuesday afternoon.The Kosarwar family and their relatives had come to Nagpur from Indore early on Tuesday morning. They were staying in room no. 254 while their relatives were in the neighbouring rooms in building no. 2 of the hostel. The theft took place in the span of an hour, when the family had locked the rooms and gone for breakfast at the canteen.A similar theft had been reported some six months back from the MLA hostel. The cops are yet to solve the earlier robbery.The Kosarwar family questioned the lack of security even in the MLA hostel premises. The family reported that 11 tola gold jewellery was kept inside the bag owned by Kosarwar's relative Rupali Bhalavi. Interestingly, the jewellery boxes were left inside the bag while the valuables were missing.The family lodged a complaint at Sitabuldi police station. Cops have registered the value of stolen jewellery as Rs 3.12 lakhs while Kosarwar and Bhalavi claim it is more than Rs 4 lakh.\"We cannot stop any visitors because the MLAs use some reference to permit their relatives and friends to enter and stay in their rooms,\" said a staffer of the MLA hostel. He added that the incident could have taken place due to some such guest allowed by an MLA.The staff also pointed out that someone from among the relatives too could have committed the robbery. \"On investigation, police said that a duplicate key appears to have been used by the robbers. The family might have given the room keys to a relative, who stole the valuables,\" said the staff.The Kosarwar family and their relatives had come to city to attend a relative's marriage the same evening. They also said that a duplicate key must might have been used to enter the room.\"When we came upstairs, the lock was not damaged. Even the room was not ransacked and the everything was untouched. Everything was in the same position it was in when we locked the room,\" said Nikita , a family member.\"There are guards at the entrance and exit, they never enquire about people entering the building. We even spotted some people playing cards at the rear gate of the building, and the guards let them continue,\" said the relative.Sitabuldi police said they are gathering information about the occupants, guests and room attendants in the hostel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12874788", "title": "KSRTC strike plan dropped", "text": "BANGALORE: The five trade unions of Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC have called off their statewide strike even before they could announce it on Wednesday afternoon. KSRTC officials held day-long discussions with union leaders to settle their demands on wage revision and decided to take their pleas to the labour court.\"Earlier KSRTC used to give a unilateral hike for all cadres every four years and have it approved from the government. Their only demand was to sit with them for their wage revisions and not set out a stipulatedhikefor allunilaterally. The wage revision was to come into effect from January 1, 2012, which has not yet happened. We will soon start elaborate discussions with them and take these cases to the labour court to finalize the wage revision as per pay scale and labour law\" said N Manjunath Prasad managing director KSRTC.The five union leaders had called for a press conference on Wednesday afternoon to announce their indefinite strike from April 27. These unions would together include more than 32,000 drivers conductors maintenance staff and other ground staff on administration work of the four corporations including BMTC. Wage revisions have happened every four years starting 1992.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12873818", "title": "'Controversial' priests banned from Kumbh", "text": "The Akhil Bharatiya Tirtha Purohit Mahasabha (ABTPM) has decided to ban all controversial godmen and sadhus during the forthcoming Kumbh Mela in 2015. The decision to this effect was taken at a two-day national-level conference of priests from 84 pilgrimage centres across the country, which was organized by the ABTPM.Speaking to TOI, Prakash Mishra, president, ABTPM, said, \"There are some controversial godmen or sadhus who cheat people and this sullies the reputation and image of all priests performing rituals at pilgrimage centres across India. Hence, we have decided to ban all controversial godmen and sadhus during the upcoming Simhastha Kumbha Mela in 2015. Besides, they will also not be allowed to enter pilgrimage centres in the country. -Tushar Pawar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12873555", "title": "Rahmankhera tiger finally tranquillised", "text": "LUCKNOW: The stray tiger of Rahmankhera was safely tranquillised, then trapped and sent back 'home' on Wednesday. The forest department officers and WTI experts had been tracking the feline for the last four months.The tracking team started their combing operation as early as 4am on Wednesday. The team had laid a 'khabad' (a net) to trap the tiger. Finally, the tiger was spotted eating the kill at 6:30 in the morning. The combing team closed in from three sides, mounted on elephants. \"The tiger, in fact, charged at one of the elephants,\" said J S Asthana, chief wildlife warden, UP. But, forest department's expert, Dr Utkarsh Shukla managed to tranquillise the feline. The team took some time to track the sedated tiger. After which it was trapped in a cage and revived.But, even before the department could end the operation by safely moving away the big cat from the spot, a crowd of onlookers from nearby areas gathered at the spot to have a glimpse of the tiger. \"People had even come from Lucknow to have a look. Even the passersby, on their way to work in the morning stopped by,\" said a forest staff.However, the forest department had covered the enclosure with a black cloth in order to keep the tiger away from the public gaze. \"The feline might have got agitated on seeing the crowds,\" said Asthana, chief wildlife warden. The tiger might have also injured itself in agitation. In order to break free from the cage, it was trying to bite off the iron rods of the cage.Meanwhile, after trapping the tiger, the forest officials poured a lot of water over it to lessen the impact of heat and also the drug. It would have been difficult to transport the tiger in its agitated state. Later, the forest department transported the tiger from Rahmankhera to Dudhwa. By early noon, the Rahmankhera operation was finally over.Earlier, the tiger had killed the bait (buffalo carcass) on Monday (April 23) night at a dense forest patch in Rahmankhera with Sheesham trees all around. It was the same buffalo carcass that it was preying upon when the combing team located and trapped it.The tiger will be radio-collared so that its movements can be monitored. Considering that it has ventured out once, keeping an eye on its movement becomes important. More so, because the department does not want the feline to repeat its stint in the human-dominated area.The tiger had ventured out of South Kheri, sometime around December 2011. Its presence was noticed in Hardoi on January 1, 2012. Then the pugmarks confirmed its presence on the Central Institute of Subtropical Horticulture (CISH) campus on January 8. Since then, the feline had been living a localised life in Rahmankhera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12872620", "title": "Ailing bizman shoots self at Andheri home", "text": "MUMBAI: A 51-year-old businessman, who had undergone surgeries for a heart ailment and gangrene some time ago, shot himself in the bathroom of his apartment at Lokhandwala in Andheri (W) on Wednesday.Rajendra Singh Sehmi took the extreme step a day after his younger daughter got engaged in a ceremony at Peninsula Grand Hotel in Andheri on Tuesday. He was reportedly upset that he wasn't able to help out much with the preparations for the ceremony due to his ailments. A machine supplier, Sehmi lived at Meghdoot Apartments along with his wife, a son and the younger daughter. Sehmi's elder daughter, who is married, had come to attend the engagement and was at home when the businessman took his life.The Oshiwara police have registered a case of accidental death and ruled out foul play. The police didn't find any suicide note in the house. \"Sehmi had several health complications. He was probably upset because he was unable to attend to most of the guests during his daughter's engagement ceremony,\" said Dilip Rupawate, senior inspector of Oshiwara police station.According to the police, many guests had come from Jalandhar for the engagement and some of them were in the house at the time of the incident. \"His family told us that Sehmi was unhappy during the ceremony as he wasn't able to attend to the guests. The family counselled him and there was no argument between Sehmi and any of the family members before the incident,\" said an officer.Around 10am on Wednesday, Sehmi told his wife that he was going to take a shower. Without the knowledge of his family members, he took his revolver to the bathroom and shot himself in the head. As there were many guests in the house, Sehmi's family didn't hear the gunshot, said the police. When the businessman didn't step out of the bathroom for a long time, his family forced the door open and found Sehmi lying in a pool of blood on the floor. The licence for the revolver was issued from Punjab, said the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-26"}
