{"city": "raipur", "code": "16793418", "title": "Rs 76 crore fine imposed on 3 pvt schools in Chhattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: The School Education Department in Chhattisgarh has imposed a fine of Rs 76 crore on three private schools here for taking capitation fee.Raipur District Collector Siddharth Komal Pardeshi told PTI that a fine of Rs 25 crore has been imposed on Holy Cross Pensionbada School, while fine of Rs 49.45 crore has been imposed on Krishna Public School for recovering capitation fee and other illegal fees from the students.Similarly, Jain Public School is facing a fine of Rs 1.77 crore, Pardeshi said, adding that as per the rules fine amount can be as much as 10 times the total illegal fee taken by the school.He said that authorities had started an inspection drive following complaints from parents.Authorities from the schools were not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790304", "title": "Ayush came with blood stains on his T-shirt", "text": "NAGPUR: Raja Gaur, helper at the shop owned by Pugaliya brothers Navin and Nitin at Dosar Bhavan, deposed before the district and additional session judge G J Akarte on Friday that there were blood stains on Ayush's T-shirt when he came to the shop on October 11, the day eight-year-old Kush Katariya was kidnapped and murdered.Gaur, who is currently not working with Pugaliyas, told public prosecutor Ujwal Nikam that he knew Ayush when he was working at Mangalam agency owned by Pugaliya brothers Navin and Nitin. He said Ayush was their youngest brother. Gaur informed that he and three others, Ravi Sawarkar, Yogesh and Lala were working as helpers at the shop.He recalled that around 5.15 pm, Navin was in the shop when he got a call from Ayush. \"Ayush told Navin that he had met with an accident and asked him to bring some clothes for him. Navin told Sawarkar to bring clothes for Ayush from their residence,\" said Gaur adding he was standing near Navin when latter received the call from Ayush.Gaur said that after some time, Ayush came to the shop on the scooter (Activa). At this point there were blood stains on Ayush's T-shirt. \"When Ayush came, Sawarkar was still working in the shop. Navin immediately sent him to bring the clothes. Sawarkar gave clothes to Ayush. After a few minutes Ayush stepped out of the shop, wearing fresh clothes and walked away towards Central Avenue,\" he said.The defence lawyer Ambarish Sonak threw many twisted questions at Gaur but he remained firm on his narrative. Sonak claimed Ayush didn't come on the shop and didn't change the clothes but Gaur said it was false. Sonak asked Gaur why he had not mentioned Navin receiving call from Ayush and about Ayush's accident in his statement. Gaur claimed he had told everything to the police and had no idea why the points were not mentioned in the statement.On questioning by defence lawyer R K Tiwari representing Navin and Nitin, Gaur said he was working at the shop till 5.45 pm. Later he went to the site at Teka Naka and didn't return to the shop. He also clarified that he had given the statement in Hindi to the cops. Reliance nodal officer Chandrakant Bhor confirmed to the judge that the landline number through which Ayush made the call for ransom was of his company.Pradeep Dixit, head of forensic department of GMCH, during his cross examination by Sonak stated that the injuries on Kush's body were ante-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16790299", "title": "Tulsiram encounter case: CBI court hears cops' objections", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The special CBI court on Friday began hearing the applications by the accused cops in the Tulsiram Prajapati fake encounter case, in which they have questioned action against them without prior approval by the state government.Five cops - then DGP P C Pande, then CID (crime) chief O P Mathur , former supervisor of investigation additional DGP Geetha Johri, suspended IPS Rajkumar Pandian and former investigator DSP R K Patel have filed these pleas under section 197 of CrPC which mandates the prosecuting agency to obtain sanction for criminal prosecution against a government employee.Former minister of state for home Amit Shah has also filed such an application claiming that the provision is applicable to him as well, since he was holding a public office in December 2006 when Tulsiram was killed.Another suspended IPS, Vipul Agarwal also filed a similar petition. He has been behind bars for more than two years now in the same case. He did not raise this issue when arrested by Gujarat police in 2010. Now he questions the court's decision to take cognizance of CBI chargesheet against him, since no prior sanction had been obtained by the probe agency.Johri's counsel S V Raju began arguments on Friday. Lawyers of other co-accused are to continue their submissions at least till Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16792187", "title": "Teacher scored zero in subject she teaches", "text": "UT administration might claim that the city is an education hub, but a complaint against a teacher of Government Model Senior Secondary School in Sector 26 shows the other side of the coin.A Panchkula resident sent a complaint against teacher Preeti Bansal to education secretary V K Singh, claiming she had scored three '0's in MA/Msc (mathematics) in first semester. This is the same subject she has been teaching to the school students.Following the plaint, education secretary asked the director public instructions (schools) to check the performance and past records of the teacher. \"This is a reflection of kind of education our children in government schools are getting. MA might not be a requirement for getting a job as a teacher but it shows how well the teacher knows the subject she is imparting education in,\" said the complainant.However, the education secretary refused to comment on the point of quality education being imparted to the students. He said there can be many reasons why the teacher failed.\"It is just the result of one semester and so we cannot say the teacher does not know her subject. She might have taken the exam to enhance her qualification but may be she could not prepare well or give the exam due to some reason. I have asked the DPI to look for her documents and performance records. For now, it is too early to jump to conclusions,\" he said.Director public instructions (schools) Upkar Singh said, \"I am not aware of the case as yet. Untill it comes before me I cannot comment.\"The teacher could not be contacted for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16790839", "title": "Bike-borne man gets shot at in back", "text": "BHOPAL: Feeling a stab of a hard object in his back, a bike-borne man turned to feel for it. When he ran his hand over it, he found blood oozing out of a wound. To his surprise, it turned out be a bullet shot injury. Even then he did not know that the bullet was lodged in his back. The incident took place with a farm owner in Gunga area on Thursday.The police said the incident took place when Malkhan Singh, a resident of village Arwalia village, was riding his bike in the afternoon.Singh had no idea who shot at him. He told TOI \"I felt like itching in back. But when I checked it, I found something sticky. It was blood. It was only after reaching hospital with the help of local villagers that I came to know that it was a bullet injury.\" \"The victim is out of danger now. He was probably shot at with a .32 bore bullet. We have registered a case against unidentified accused and send the bullet to the FSL for further investigation,\" said town inspector Kuarsingh Mukati.In his statement, the victim did not mention enmity with anyone. He reportedly told the police that two persons on a bike had crossed him shortly before the incident. But their behaviour did not suggest that they shot him, the victim told the police.Further investigations are on, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16791221", "title": "Foresters seize birds from market &amp; free them", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The forest department has seized birds and animals which were openly sold in a market in town flouting norms. A youth has also been arrested and sent to jail.Acting on a tip-off, divisional forest officer (wildlife) R N Mishra conducted a raid in Indrapuri Chowk of Nawabgunj locality on Thursday evening. \"The seized birds which are of rare varieties are not available in this part of the country. They are rose-ringed parrot, Alexandrine parrot, wild pigeons numbering 27 and other foreign variety of birds and rabbits.\"The arrested youth was Kaiser, a resident of Miscatoli, Patthar Masjid of Patna.Immediately after the seizure of the birds, some were freed on the spot by the range officer.\"The foreign variety of birds which were seized are being sent to Birsa Munda Zoological Park and the zoo near Ormanjhi in Ranchi,\" the DFO said.The youth was selling the birds for the past five months and feigned ignorance about doing anything illegal. The DFO said they were examining in detail from where these varieties were captured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16794005", "title": "Alternate cheaper AC car pool to avoid fare hikes", "text": "MUMBAI: If you are fuming over the fare hikes for autorickshaws and taxis in Mumbai metropolitan region, you have an option to travel in an AC private vehicle for as low as Rs 8 per km. The car pool service is being offered by sharedcab, which operates a fleet of AC taxis and provides it at affordable rates to commuters.The auto fares in Mumbai were recently hiked to minimum fare of Rs 15 and Rs 9.87 per km while the taxi fares were hiked to minimum Rs 19 and Rs 12.35 per km. N V Subramaniam of sharedcab told TOI that three passengers, especially office-goers, can share one cab (a sedan) and travel in AC comfort to office daily. \"It not only reduces the congestion on road as three people share one cab, but also suits the budget of customers. You pay less than an autorickshaw fare to travel in AC car, which could be a Logan or a Swift Dzire. Also, you sit comfortably \u2014 with one passenger in the front seat next to driver and two passengers sitting with ease on the rear seat,'' he said.The sharedcab service is already in operation and they have a tie-up with fleetcab operators and individuals who lease out the vehicle for daily travel. \"We have been plying passengers, especially office-goers, on popular routes like Andheri to BKC, Bandra to Nariman Point and Nariman Point to Parel,\" he said. \"Commuters can go to our website and book cabs. We have to get minimum three passengers on a particular route to allot the cabs,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789146", "title": "Christians to rally for cemetery", "text": "MUMBAI: Five lakh Christians who live on the eastern side of the western suburbs, from Khar to Dahisar, dread the prospect of a death in the family for logistical reasons. The misery that strikes a grieving household is compounded by the fact that there is not a single cemetery across that distance.The June 21 Mantralaya fire destroyed the documents sanctioning their request for a cemetery were destroyed.On Sunday, around 4,000 parishioners from Borivli, Kandivli and Malad have invited MP Sanjay Nirupam , MLAs Ramesh Singh Thakur and Rajwant Singh as well as three local corporators to a Kandivli church hoping to convince them to expedite the release of land for a burial ground.Joachim Colaco of the United Christian Community Centre says, \"There is no cemetery for our community from Khar (E) to Dahisar (E). People have to hire a hearse for the corpse and buses to take mourners across the other side of the suburb through rain and shine. They often find the burial ground authorities on the western side reluctant to accommodate outsiders because their parishioners get priority.\"Around 5 lakh Christians populate the area and their pleas to be spared trauma during the last journey is yet to draw results. The community has requested MP Gurudas Kamath to help release a demarcated burial plot in Goregaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16793971", "title": "Tolly actors remember their childhood days", "text": "From Dhunuchi Naachand Bhogto Bhaasanand Para theatre, our Tolly actors still remember the mellow romance of the festive season before they became stars. TOI takes them on a walk down memory laneProsenjit Chatterjee Tirish bochhor dhore Durga pujor gondho ta khub miss kori... the phol prasad, dhunuchi, aarati, dhup, bhog, flowers, new clothes, the various perfumes that people wear. It's impossible to explain how I crave for those familiar smells of childhood. There was a time when we would compete with our cousins over who got how many outfits for Pujas. And now I don't even wear new clothes during the festival! Stepping out of the house in the festive season is impossible as fans stand at the gates for a glimpse of me since they know I don't shoot during the Pujas. Such is life!Dev You see me dancing on screen \u2014 but would you believe it if I told you I am brilliant at dhunuchi naach? Years back, I used to take part in dhunuchi naach competitions at twothree Pujas. So, when I see people doing the dance on TV, it makes me very nostalgic. During those years, I would go pandal hopping with friends from midnight till the morning. All of us would buy bhenpus and blow them whenever we saw a gang of good-looking girls. I'm a good cook and would help in making the bhoger khichuri. Now, I savour bhog sitting at home and watch Ma Durga on television. SOHAM I was the volunteer at the para Puja, which meant that I had the licence to ogle at good-looking girls and usher them through the crowded puja pandal safely. Today, I sit at my balcony and watch my friends doing the same. How I envy them! We would have programmes on each of the Puja days and I would be part of the plays. Last-minute rehearsals, costume trials, makeup \u2014 what a gala time we had. Ashtami meant going with five school friends to Tangra for lunch. Those days are gone, but the memories are still fresh.Koel Mallick During Pujas, when I look out of my car, I see people having a gala time on the Ferris wheel and carousel at the Northern Park Puja near Mallickbari. It makes me so nostalgic... In my childhood, we would wait for the sandhya aarati to get over so that all of us kids could run to Northern Park. Dinner meant phuchka, churmur, aloor dum and masala cola to round it off. And then we would queue up for the rides. All of us would whoop and holler as the Ferris wheel turned and people would think we were straight out of the zoo!Rituparna Sengupta I used to offer pushpanjali at one of the pandals near my house, but even that has become difficult now. As the puja was on, I would see the women take more interest in my clothes and jewellery than in the rituals! In breaks between the pushpanjali, they would ask me, \"Anjali shesh holei apnar sange ekta chhobi tulbo\" \u2014 it's almost as if they can't wait till the rituals are over. I've heard husbands complain, \"I told you to buy a sari like Rituparna, tumi tokhon kinle na!\" Really, I feel sad that I can't even offer my prayers to Ma Durga in peace.Mithun Chakraborty Earlier, Puja meant nirbhejal adda and being involved in all the Puja activities at the para pandal. Oh, how we loved to dance during bhaasan! Things were a little different once I shifted to Mumbai. During Pujas, organizers would invite me for inauguration. And you wouldn't believe how it helped me collect money for my NGO, Aamra, that takes care of almost 4,500 children. The money would go into funding their studies. But I've gradually stopped accepting such offers, since people can get rowdy when they see me. What if someone gets hurt?Swastika Mukherjee Oh, how I miss mixing booze in a cola bottle and having it with my gang during Durga Puja. We were a group of 15 friends and all of us would hang out together at the para pandal. Through the evening, swigs of the 'cola' would go with chatpata stuff like aloor chop or churmur. When we got a bit high, the adda would shift from the pandal to the rok, where we would be hidden from the watchful eyes of our elders. None of this is possible today. Pandal-hoppers will get a heart attack if they see Swastika having a soft drink (they will not know it's 'boroder soft drink') with 15 guys in a Puja pandal at midnight!Subhashree Till three-four years back, my mum was my only companion for Puja shopping at Gariahat and New Market. Our day would start with window shopping. We would walk around, see the stuff on sale, haggle. We would then go to the tailor and argue over the length of the skirt and the cut of the blouse. Today, no one scolds me about my clothes! The excitement of buying new clothes has also gone, since I keep shopping through the year now. Ma still goes to Gariahat and calls me up to discuss her shopping expedition, but no, her daughter can't be with her on these lovely trips anymore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "16790629", "title": "'Ashram' raided, nine boys rescued", "text": "THRISSUR: The town west police on Friday raided an illegal ashram, Sivashram on Sankaraya Road, and rescued nine boys who were staying there. They also arrested the person who was running the ashram. Police also found dogs and around eight snakes in the ashram.The raid was conducted as directed by social welfare minister Dr M K Muneer who had received complaints about the ashram. The minister has also asked the social welfare director to conduct an inquiry into the case.The person who was arrested, Shriram Sharma (55) alias Raman, used to be an autorickshaw driver. He has been booked under section 23 of the Juvenile Justice (care and protection of children) Act 2000, for running the ashram illegally.A Ramachandran, the west police circle inspector, said Sharma had been running the ashram for a few years. He, in fact, had been an authorized snake-catcher who would hand over the snakes he had caught to forest officials. Child welfare officials and forest officials also took part in the raid.The rescued children were taken to the child welfare committee office in Ramavarmapuram. They apparently were brought to the ashram by their parents. District child welfare committee chairman P O George said, \"Seven are in the 6-12 age group; one is 17 and the other 18. The ashram wasn't registered with the orphanage control board. nor does it have permission from the child welfare committee.Most of these children are from broken families.\"The child welfare committee has handed over five of them to their parents. Others will be handed over when their parents produce the relevant documents.Sharma and his auto used to be stationed near the Thiruvambadi Temple in the 1998-99 period. His efforts to restart the banned Elavoor Thookkam (a ritual in which a man is lifted on to a scaffold by two hooks that pierces the back of his body) in 2001 had raised opposition from many quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16790985", "title": "Campus interviews take a beating", "text": "MYSORE: After affecting schools' academic schedule, Cauvery issue is dealing a major blow to engineering students in the city. With the Cauvery crisis taking a serious turn with a series of agitations, several top IT companies have rescheduled their campus recruitment process, leaving wannabe engineers in the lurch.Mysore has many well known engineering colleges, from where thousands of students are hired through campus recruitment conducted by IT companies.However this year, the Cauvery agitations have prompted the companies to postpone the interviews. According to the authorities at engineering colleges, the companies may even cancel the postponed interviews if the agitations continue for long.About 15 firms have scheduled interviews in October. But the Cauvery issue has made them postpone the same, said Pradeep, placement co-ordinator at Sri Jayachamrajendra College of Engineering.\"The interviews were scheduled from October 1. But we are worried about their possible cancellation. The companies have asked the students to attend interviews in Bangalore. But it is difficult,\" he added. Students choose and register for certain companies. They will be worried if the companies turn away. The firms may definitely visit the college at a later date, but till then, the students are disturbed because of uncertainty.It's during September-December duration that many engineering students get placed.Maharaja Institute of Technology's placement head Chiranthana G A said that a college was to visit a top IT firm. But it has apparently cancelled the campus interview, Chiranthana added. The interview, scheduled for October 2, has now been postponed to October 15. The Supreme Court judgment on Friday will have a bearing on the fate of students. The company offers per-annum package of Rs 5.5-Rs 9 lakh.Also, these companies select only some candidates. If they get the required number of candidates in Bangalore alone, those in Mysore will stand to lose a golden opportunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789483", "title": "Cops alert after inputs on another terror strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the special cell arrested three IM operatives and thwarted their plans to strike in Delhi and Bodh Gaya, intelligence agencies have received specific inputs about 13 terrorists - all of them Indians, trained by Lashkar handlers \u2014 entering the country to target the capital.The agencies say these men have been instructed to strengthen the sleeper cells in their respective states and attack the capital during the festive season. \"We have alerted the police chiefs concerned and are making efforts to intercept communications to Pakistan and Middle East,\" said a source. Special cell said they receive routine inputs before the festive season, so nothing definite could said about the present alert.Among those in the list are five men from Maharashtra, four from Karnataka and two from UP. The agencies say four of them were found to be connected with dubious property deals, linked with the hawala trail. They are also suspected to have arranged passports for those trying to reach Middle East from India \u2014 the same profile as accused Sayyed Feroze and Asad Khan Jamshed Khan, the IM men arrested by the special cell recently\"Just as the IM operatives have found new methods to communicate with each other \u2014 by sharing a common email ID and using Skype \u2014 they seem to have devised new ways to travel in and out of the country. This explains how the accused could visit Saudi Arabia so often without being questioned,'' said a source.The developments come a day the Maharashtra ATS picked up the brother of accused Asad Khan, Jamshed Khan, who occupied two travel agent 'desks' near Aurangabad and helped people \"arrange passports for the Middle East\".\"We have found some documents from his eight-room apartment, which indicate there was a massive forgery. The accused had sold off two properties at Latur and Jamala in Maharashtra before finding this perfect sanctuary.The second brother of the accused was picked up from Naigaon, 15km from Aurangabad. Cops said since Asad's father was on ventilator support for the past three and a half years, the two brothers were trying to find a safe business that allows them to continue their jehadi activities and also help them earn money to support their father.It was then they contacted the IM bosses, including Fayyaz Kazgi, and they told them to open a travel agency. The plan was simple. When needed, this agency could facilitate travel of both IM and former SIMI members. \"The ATS and Special are collecting all travel details available here,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790286", "title": "'Faulty policies hurting agriculture'", "text": "NAGPUR: Policy distortions, in the form of schemes like minimum support price, high subsidy on fertilizers and free power, have led to drastic changes in the cropping pattern of the country, mostly for the worse, say agriculture experts. Farmers are growing crops like rice and sugarcane, extremely water intensive crops, where there is little or no rainfall. Soil quality, weather condition, water availability and rainfall pattern no longer govern the cropping pattern.Such schemes have allowed farmers in Punjab, where the average rainfall is just about 500mm, to take up rice cultivation, and ending up with a drastically lower groundwater table. Similarly, farmers in Marathwada are growing sugarcane. All this is extremely damaging to natural resources like soil and water.\"The situation has worsened to an extent that only regional crop planning consistent with natural resources of that area can save further degradation of resources like land and water,\" said Prof Ramesh Chand, director of National Centre for Agricultural Economics and Policy Research ( NCAERPR).Chand was is in the city for the national seminar on 'Managing land resources for sustainable agriculture' being hosted by the Indian Society of Soil Survey and Land Use Planning ( ISSLUP) at the city-based National Bureau of Soil Survey and Land Use Planning (NBSS&LUP;).\"I am not saying that subsidy and MSP are not needed at all. But we shouldn't ignore the other dimensions and ramifications of these schemes. There should be a rationale behind the subsidies. Free canal water and power have done more damage than good,\" said Chand.At present, out of the total income of farmers growing rice, 80% is from subsidy and only 20% from actual agriculture. \"This way, we would cross the subsidy levels of China as well as western countries like USA and harm our agriculture more. India uses just 420 gm per hectare of pesticides, whereas Japan consumes 10kg. But still there is no residue in their grains, vegetables and fruits, whereas our products have very high residues. So, while improving fertilizer and pesticide subsidy we need to use it scientifically,\" said Chand.Central government is planning a new mission on sustainable agriculture to counter and repair the damage that has come along with green revolution. Twelve major challenges in front of the XII plan planners in agriculture include addressing regional imbalances, improving food and nutrition security, managing degrading and shrinking natural resources, judicious use of all inputs in agriculture, preparing agriculture to face changes in operating environment and harness modern science to tackle climate change.SECOND INTERVIEW'Not matching crops to soil has degraded land'Not just scientists, but farmers also know very well that different soils have different nutrients. Yet, they have never cultivated crops suited to their soil type. This has led to land degradation to an unimaginable extent, says Anil Kumar Singh, deputy director general, natural resource management of ICARTaking serious cognisance of this, the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) is working towards site specific nutrient management by first preparing fertility maps for the country. Indian Institute of Soil Sciences has prepared the nutrient and fertility maps at the district level for 21 states and up to taluka levels in 12 states. The exercise is aimed at working out the nutrient ability of soils in 92 districts.\"It is actually possible to point out the exact nutrient levels and requirements for a crop. Crops should be grown based on the soil type and nutrient content. But unfortunately, most soil testing laboratories in India are in bad shape,\" said Singh. He too was in the city to attend the national seminar at NBBS&amp;LUP.;Soil has 17 different macro and minor nutrients. Even if one is deficient it affects the productivity of the crop. Thus, soil type should be the basic deciding factor for choosing a crop for any area. But unfortunately there is no standard of soil quality index in country. Most physical, chemical and biological indicators of soil are never measured.One of the biggest causes of concern for the country is excessive use of fertilizers. During the onset of green revolution, use of major nutrients (NPK) was suggested in the ratio of 4:2:1. But since then it is being blindly followed for all soil types across the country for almost all crops.\"We need to switch to precision farming, which is extremely site specific, to tackle the damage that has been done due to excessive use of natural resources like water, soil and land. There is also a strong need to promote integrated farming system,\" said Singh.Climate change is another factor that needs serious consideration with respect to soil health, and agriculture being a state subject, land use policy at state level is a must, he added. On its part, ICAR is guiding farmers about handling extreme weather conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16791036", "title": "Lucknow's KGMU students seek better facilities for rural stint", "text": "LUCKNOW: The meritorious students of the King George's Medical University are unwilling to serve in the rural parts of the state unless the government provides better health infrastructure.The view is in contrast to what the President Pranab Mukherjee stressed in his speech. The students, however, say they will head the villages if the government promises to take care of basic needs of a doctor such as power supply, roads and educational facilities.Deepansh Dalela, who topped the MBBS exam and bagged 22 medals, including the prestigious Hewett and Chancellor medals, besides six book awards and eight certificates said, \"Doctors are not magicians who can change life and scenario with a magic wand. He is helpless without the support of diagnostic facilities, work force like nurses and paramedical staff. Rural stint is a paradox. In the college, we get to use ultra-modern equipment to diagnose a disease but in the actual facility, we have almost nothing.\"Deepansh is carrying forward his family's legacy. \"My father also bagged the prestigious Hewett Medal when he completed his medical course,\" he shared.Both father and son draw their inspiration from one woman -- Deepansh's mother Abha. \"I started courting Abha in the first year. But she told me to study hard and secure good marks or she will forget me. So i studied so much that i secured the maximum marks. This time, she gave the same warning to her son and the formula worked again,\" said the proud father Dr Divakar Dalela.Like Deepansh, the dental faculty topper Rani Ranabhatt also feels that doctors cannot work in hills or rural areas till the right kind of atmosphere is provided to them.\"We all set aims in life and work very hard for it. But the ultimate aim is to lead a comfortable life. I'm not saying that we need a mall near a village primary health centre. But we can at least hope for a good connecting road so that one can head to the city when we want,\" she stated. Rani was awarded eight gold medals besides several certificates, book and cash awards.About the solution to this problem, another student Shipra stated that not all doctors are reluctant in going to rural areas. \"I come from Haidergarh which is a suburb. The problem lies in planning. We need to think of some innovative ways. I know of a hospital which conducts periodic camps in rural areas. In these camps they identify the patient in need of hospitalization for surgery. They bring the patient alongwith them and treat him. The purpose is achieved. While the villager has got quality medical advice, the doctor was saved from the culture shock of living in the village,\" she told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "16792262", "title": "No clarity over tax, say Panchkula residents", "text": "PANCHKULA: The municipal corporation has decided to extend the deadline for payment of revised property tax, for residential property.The earlier deadline given by the corporation expired on Friday.Several residents complained that there was confusion over the rates of tax on self-occupied and rental property. In fact, MC officials were themselves not clear about the slabs of revised rates and were seen seeking help from officials of department of urban local bodies of the state.O P Sihag, the secretary of Panchkula MC said, \"We have decided to call a meeting of resident welfare association of the district, and members of other public and social groups to tell them broadly about the slots of revised tax. Even we are confused on some slots, thus we have decided to take help of department of urban local bodies of the state to understand things in a better manner\".Meanwhile explaining the new structure, an official said, a person who is has been residing in a house of 250 square plot, which is over 25 year old will have to pay Rs 188 as annual residential tax. On the other hand for some one, residing in the house of same area, which is less than 25 year old, the tax would be Rs 250. The difference lies because the owner with a house, which is more than 25 year old, will get a rebate of 25 per cent. While in commercial properties tax has been increase 3 to 6 percent. Earlier, as per the tax policy 2009-2010 there was no tax on self occupied house and on rental property, 9% tax was collected on the basis of annual rent.Criticizing the move, B B Signal, former vice-president of Panchkula municipal committee said, \"New tax is an extra burden on the residents as collector rates have already increased over 50% in last two years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16792199", "title": "400 take CAT exam", "text": "LUDHIANA: Common Admission Test (CAT) 2012 took off at Indo Global Colleges, Abhipur, near Mohali on Thursday. A total of 400 students appeared for the examination in two batches on Monday. It is the only center for CAT aspirants from the Tricity, Punjab and HP, where over 9,000 students have been registered to take the test from October 11 till November 6. On an average over 600 CAT aspirants are expected to take the test everyday at this center.On the first day, the candidates gave a mixed response regarding how difficult the exam was. Sonia Khandelwal, a CAT aspirant who gave the exam on Thursday said, \"The maths part was difficult, while the rest of the paper was okay.\" Rahul Singh, another CAT aspirant from Talwara, Punjab who too took the exam said, \"It was my first attempt and I had not even prepared for the exam but I found the first half more difficult than the second half.\" The results of the exam will be declared on January 9, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16789927", "title": "Exporters' meet held in city", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha investment and export promotion office (OIEPO) in association with textile, handlooms and handicraft department organized an exporters' meet on handlooms and handicrafts of Odisha in Mumbai on Thursday. The one-day event was organized with the support of federation of Indian export organization at Indian merchants' chamber.Around 15 entrepreneurs from Odisha participated in the event and displayed exquisite products. The products included stone carving, wood carving, dhokra, tribal jewellery, palm leaf painting, pattachitra, golden grass, silver filigree, hand-woven items and organic jewellery. This is for the first time that OIEPO in the Office of the Principal Resident Commissioner, New Delhi, organized such an event in Mumbai.The event was inaugurated by Shri Sunil Porwal, Principal Secretary, textiles and handlooms department, Maharashtra. Consul General of China, deputy Consul General of Russian federation and acting Consul General of Iran were present at the inaugural ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789612", "title": "Girl falls into open drain in northeast Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another incident of civic apathy, a three-year-old girl is believed to have died after she fell into an open corporation drain while playing outside her house in New Usmanpur in northeast Delhi on Friday evening. Police said the rescue operation was still on as no body could be found.Angry locals complained that fire brigade officials had arrived late and allegedly pushed two of them in the drain, claiming that the rescue operation would gather pace only when their own men would be inside the drain.Fire officials said two of them had been forcibly pushed into the drain without any protection and a separate rescue operation had to be carried out to save them.Prima facie, it seems Sama Parvin is dead. Police ruled out any foul play and said the girl slipped while playing outside her house and fell into the drain. Her family lives at street number 40, Gautampuri, and her father Akram is an auto driver.Police said they received a call around 5pm following which a team of rescue officials, including fire brigade personnel, was sent to the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789305", "title": "BSES Yamuna told to pay Rs 2k damages", "text": "NEW DELHI: BSES Yamuna Power Ltd has been directed by a consumer forum to pay Rs 2,000 as compensation to one of its customers for sending him an incorrect bill of nearly Rs 4 lakh.The North District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum rejected the discom's argument that as the bill was corrected the complainant is not entitled to any relief, saying BSES had made the correction only after the complaint was filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789347", "title": "Probe into rly mishap leads to dead end", "text": "MUMBAI: The police probe into Thursday's mishap, where four persons fell off an overcrowded CR local, has hit a roadblock, due to inability of the victims to recollect the sequence of events.Saurabh Merawala (16) and Kedar Yadav (28) were killed while Zia Rasool Ansari (26) and Uday Sharma (31) are recuperating at Sion hospital. They had fallen off a CR local between Sion and Matunga stations.\"A fifth commuter, Kanhaiya Yadav, had a narrow escape as he had slipped back into the compartment. However, he is currently not traceable,\" said inspector Nitin Bobade, Dadar GRP. The police have primarily concluded that overcrowding was the reason behind Thursday's incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789511", "title": "Autos may go on strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: The autorickshaw unions are threatening to go on strike after October 15 if their demands are not met. The unions have been asking for a welfare board for the autorickshaw drivers as the condition for installing the GPS devices in three-wheeled rickshaws.The transport department has made it mandatory for new autorickshaw permits to have the GPS-based fare meters installed. The unions, which had been protesting the installation for a long time, say the drivers would accede to the rule only if the department sets up a welfare board for the drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "16791148", "title": "Harry's nude pics a $23m publicity boon for Las Vegas", "text": "LOS ANGELES: The Sin City has hit a jackpot! Harry's naked pictures gave Las Vegas a $23 million worth of free publicity, as the images were seen by 154 million people. The 28-year-old British royal caused controversy when nude photographs of him playing strip billiards with a bevy of beauties were published on-line in August.The city's tourism board has estimated the scandal's publicity value for Las Vegas at $23 million.According to a new report issued by the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority (LVCVA), the incident has given the city a major tourism boost as the images were seen by an estimated 154 million people.\"God bless Harry. He made us a bunch of money,\" TMZ.com quoted LVCVA Board chairman Tom Collins as saying. The city rolled the dice on a tourism campaign pegged to the TMZ's posting of pictures of Harry 'cavorting' with women in his suite at the Wynn and Encore hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16793524", "title": "Shot fired at Obama campaign office in Denver", "text": "WASHINGTON: A single shot was fired at the Obama campaign office in the western US state of Colorado, damaging a window, a local media report said.No one was injured, though people were inside the offices when the incident occurred on Friday, Denver police spokeswoman Raquel Lopez.\"It looks like it was one shot that was fired into the structure,\" she was quoted as saying by The Denver Post.The police has a description of a \"possible vehicle of interest,\" she said, adding that detectives are reviewing any available video footage of the incident and pursuing leads.President Barack Obama was in Washington when the incident took place.According to Politico, the Obama Campaign has some 30 field offices in this battle ground state of Colorado.Obama campaign officials did not immediately comment on the incident, which comes as he and his Republican rival Mitt Romney battle into the final weeks before the November 6 presidential election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16791916", "title": "Shakersinh Vaghela's plea questioning 2009 poll defeat junked", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Friday rejected Congress leader Shakersinh Vaghela's petition questioning the outcome of the 15th general elections for the Panchmahal constituency, where he had lost to a BJP candidate.Justice J C Upadhyay has also turned down Vaghela's demand to disqualify wining contestant Prabhatsinh Chauhan of BJP. In doing so, the court has discarded all contentions that Vaghela raised about alleged irregularities during the 2009 polls.Vaghela had also accused the Election Commission officials of not performing their duty. He alleged that Chauhan had deliberately concealed information regarding his criminal background and his family while filing his nomination papers. Vaghela told the court that he had brought this fact to the EC's notice, but the officials didn't take any action.Vaghela had challenged the elections in June 2009, after he lost by mere 2,081 votes. This former RSS-BJP leader and former CM, who joined the Congress in last decade, complained that his rival had flared up passions of electorates by inciting them on communal lines.On Vaghela's election petition, the high court framed six points for adjudication and the main issue that was discussed was whether the BJP candidate had actually delivered provocative speeches on religious lines.After lengthy discussion in his order, Justice Upadhyay concluded that Vaghela could not establish that Chauhan had provoked people on religious lines to gain votes. The court also concluded that Vaghela also could not prove that the speeches made by the BJP candidate on religion, case and communal lines had actually affected the outcome of the election.Moreover, the court also held that Vaghela's petition in this form could not be said to be maintainable. \"It can safely be said that so far as the petition as it stands, the verification as it stands and the statutory affidavit as it stands, they remain unamended and the defects as pointed out by Chauhan and as discussed at length in this judgment shall continue. In that background and in light of the entire above discussions, the petition is not maintainable in the present form,\" the court ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "sirsa/panipat", "code": "16789766", "title": "Sirsa teenager held for raping married woman", "text": "SIRSA/PANIPAT: The Haryana police on Friday arrested a 19-year-old for raping a married woman, 30, in Sirsa's Jalalana village two days earlier. The arrest came a day after a 16-year-old boy was arrested from Panipat for allegedly raping a minor girl last month.Sirsa police said the accused, Jaskaran Singh, had allegedly raped the women at her home when she was alone.A police complaint in the case was filed on Thursday. Both the accused and the woman belong to a scheduled caste community.Station House Officer Bhartender said, \"A case of rape under 376 of the IPC has been registered against Jaskaran Singh.\"In Panipat case, the boy was arrested after the 14-year-old's mother registered a rape case against him and another person on September 26.SHO Ram Kumar told TOI that rape was confirmed after the girl's vaginal swabs and DNA samples were sent to a forensic laboratory in Karnal. The girl's preliminary medical examination had not confirmed rape.''The girl's mother alleged that the accused, who is their landlord's son, tied her and raped her daughter in front of her. She alleged that the accused was accompanied by one more person, who also raped her daughter.The mother had accused the police of inaction, forcing Rohtak IGP to order the local police to register a case on Wednesday.Over a dozen rapes, including those of minors, have been reported from the state in just over a month and provoked outrage across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16791617", "title": "'Prostate cancer on the rise in Mangalore'", "text": "MANGALORE: There is a sharp increase in prostate cancer cases in the city, according to Dr Kumar Swamy, senior consultant, radiation oncologist, Health Care Global (HCG) Enterprises Ltd of Bangalore.Speaking to mediapersons here on Friday he said, \"In 1982, only about four prostate cancer cases were reported in Mangalore. However, in the past few years we are witnessing nearly 60 cancer cases in a year. There is a need to create awareness on the disease among people and HCG is ready to offer free treatment to curable cancers for poor patients.\"\"Over the years, prostate cancer treatment has seen a sea of change. Earlier, patients' testis was removed during treatment. Today, we don't remove the organ. Instead of normal radiation therapy, which last for eight weeks, patients are given an option to do robotic radio surgery. Its duration is just two weeks,\" he added.He pointed out that advanced treatment methods have reduced the side effects of the radiation therapy.Dr Radheshyam, consultant, medical oncologist of HCG, said, \"Prostate cancer is increasing because of changing food habits, and lack of exercises and physical activities. It is found mostly in people in the age group of 50 to 60. It is recommended to individuals with a family history of this disease to undergo screening as early as 35 years of age.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16790814", "title": "Ramesh writes to Chouhan demanding action against Ratlam collector", "text": "BHOPAL: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh has written a firm letter to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Friday after six Congress MPs from the state, including PCC chief Kantilal Bhuria , met him in New Delhi with a complaint against district collector Ratlam Rajeev Dube for Monday's altercation incident. Congress MPs Kantilal Bhuria, Prem Chand Guddu and Meenakshi Natarajan had rebuked and fiercely criticised the bureaucrat for not paying them a visit in the rest house and coming to attend an Evaluation and Monitoring Committee meeting late by a few minutes.In the letter to the chief minister, Jairam Ramesh wrote: This is a serious complaint that the fundamental directives issued by the Union Rural Development ministry for holding Evaluation and Monitoring Committee meetings have been violated.'' The Evaluation and Monitoring Committee assesses the implementation of Centre sponsored schemes by the state government.It is necessary for both the union and state governments to hold such evaluation meetings because thousands of crores of rupees are spend on rural development and other schemes,'' Jairam Ramesh wrote. I am sending this letter hoping that you will take the matter seriously and initiate necessary action as expected by the MPs. The matter was not just a violation of the rules and guidelines of the rural development ministry but in my view it is also related to special privilege of MPs.''Jairam Ramesh even persuaded Chouhan to act on behalf of the Congress MPs. He wrote: I will be obliged if you please let me know about the action initiated from your side before I decide what my course of action will be on the matter.''On Monday, Ratlam collector Rajeev Dube was shouted at by Bhuria, Guddu and later criticised by Meenakshi Natarajan in full public view as he entered for the evaluation committee meeting a few later than the scheduled 12:30 pm. Bhuria is the chairman of the committee while Guddu and Natarajan are members. The Congress MPs were peeved that the collector had not paid them a courtesy call according to protocol at the circuit house and neither did he brief them about the agenda to be discussed during the meeting. The collector was misbehaved and bullied for more than 15 minutes and after which Bhuria threatened to gherao'' all district collectors who did not co-operate with the Congress MPs.The following day, all bureaucrats in the state submitted a memorandum to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan against the Congress' highhandedness. Chouhan immediately ordered a high level inquiry under additional chief secretary Antony D'sa. This made six MPs of the Congress party including Bhuria, Guddu and Natarajan to rush to New Delhi and seek action from the Centre on the issue. Bhuria had even claimed that he would meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and complain against IAS officers of BJP-ruled Madhya Pradesh. Sources in the state party office said, the MPs succeeded in meeting Jairam Ramesh over the matter and the letter to Chouhan reached by evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789529", "title": "50% dip in forest clearances during Jayanthi\u2019s regime", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan gave more than 1,126 forest and 209 environment clearances to various projects between July, 2011, and July, 2012, the data released by her ministry on Friday showed.Figures revealed that forest clearances have dipped during Natarajan's regime. The area of forest land diverted during the period was less than 50% of the average rate at which they were cut down for economic activities.The 1,126 forest clearances added up to 15,639 hectares of forest land. The projects included 993 proposals from the public sector, accounting for 10,268 hectares of forest land, and another 133 from the private sector involving diversion of another 5,371 hectares of forest land.While the ministry does put out case specific information on projects, the collated data comes at a time when it is under renewed pressure to ease the clearance regime, with the latest salvo coming in the form of the National Investment Board (NIB) mooted by the finance ministry. NIB has been roundly criticized by both Natarajan and her cabinet colleague in charge of the tribal affairs ministry, Kishore Chandra Deo .The highest rate of forest clearances since 2001 was in 2009, with 1,577 projects, requiring 86,353 hectares, approved in a single year. In 2010, 37,247 hectares of forest land were permitted for diversion, while last year 1,714 projects were approved that require 27,189 hectares.Natarajan has been, akin to her predecessor Jairam Ramesh , caught between the green groups, who are asking for more transparency and a stronger clearance regime, and the various arms of the government like mines, coal, road, transport and highways and finance along with the PMO, who are in favour of easing norms to fast track approvals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790432", "title": "ACP's son injured in accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: The son of an assistant commissioner of police (Mahankali division) and two other youths suffered critical injuries when the bike they were riding was smashed by a speeding lorry from the opposite direction at Alwal on Friday.Alwal police said that Mayank, son of ACP GP Vasu Sen was driving the bike while his friends-Akash Reddy and Mallikarjun- were pillion-riding. \"They were on their way to Shamirpet. When they reached Kaokoor darga, they were hit by the lorry. The condition of Mayank and Akash is serious while Mallikarjun escaped with injuries,\" police said. Alwal inspector Pushpan Kumar said that the youths were on their way to Kaokoor dharga and the condition of Mayank is critical.Mayank is a student of engineering first year while Akash is a student of Little Flower Degree College. Mayank was admitted to Yashoda hospital. while the other two youngsters are being given treatment in a private hospital in Alwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16790061", "title": "Woman found dead in pit in Sector 126 IT company", "text": "NOIDA: The body of a woman gardener was found from a pit in a private company's premises in Sector 126 in Noida on Friday. The woman had been reported missing since October 10 and security guards had stated that her exit entry was registered at 5.30pm. The pit is hardly 100 metres away from the main entrance of the company where heavy security is deployed.Police said the deceased, identified as Rajwati, was a resident of Sadarpur area. The pit from where she was found is part of a drain that runs through the premises of IT company HCL. The woman was working as a gardener on a contract basis. Police said that the entry and exit register maintained by the security showed that Rajwati had entered the premises on October 10 around 8.30am and left at 5.30pm.The deceased's family said that when she did not reach home till late in the night, her son Vinod came to the company and enquired about her, but he returned empty handed. He also went to the Sector 39 police station, but cops refused to lodge a complaint. Family members suspect foul play in the incident. \"The security guards did not let me inside the company premises when I went there to enquire about my mother. They did not listen to anything I had said,\" Vinod said.When asked about the incident, senior superintendent of police Praveen Kumar said, \"The body has been sent for post mortem. Prima facie it appears that the deceased was strangulated. The reason of her death is being investigated. We are talking to the family and probing the case from all angles.\"\"We have registered a case of murder against HCL as it has been named in the complaint submitted to us. We have already questioned some of the employees of the IT company. Those found responsible for the incident would be charged with murder in the FIR,\" Kumar added.The deceased is survived by husband Kanhaiya Lal, a tailor, and four children, including two sons. \"My wife had planned to resign from the job on October 12,\" said Kanhaiya Lal.When contacted, HCL officials refused to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789739", "title": "\u2018Courier boy\u2019 stabs 72-year-old", "text": "MUMBAI: A 72-year-old was injured when a youngster, posing as courier delivery boy, tried to sedate her with cholorform before stabbing her in the abdomen, leaving her with an eight-inch-deep gash.The incident occurred on Friday afternoon when the accused visited the victim Anusaya Dhyani's flat at Chheda Nagar in Chembur, apparently to deliver a mobile bill, said the police, adding that robbery seemed to be the motive behind the crime.Dhyani is at Joy Hospital and her condition is stable.A widow, Dhyani stayed with her daughter in her flat at Manu Housing Society. Around 2.30pm, Dhyani was alone at home when the accused knocked on the door; her daughter, Lata, was away at her Navi Mumbai office. \"Dhyani said the youngster was around 19 years old. Initially, she did not open the safety door but the accused insisted that she should in order to sign the receipt for the mobile bill being delivered,\" said additional commissioner of police Quaiser Khalid. The police said the youth first tried to sedate her with chloroform but she resisted. \"As I screamed, the accused caught me by my neck, pulled out a knife and stabbed me on my abdomen,\" Dhyani said.Alarmed by Dhyani's cries, her neighbours rushed out of their flat but the youth fled. \"No CCTV camera is installed in the building. The accused might have known that the victim stayed alone during the day,\" said Tilak Nagar senior inspector R M Gavit. Sub-inspector Prashant Sawant said the watchman denied seeing the accused flee.Besides Lata, Dhyani has a son and three daughters. Three of them stay in the US and another daughter in Ambala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16793423", "title": "Sonakshi doesn\u2019t look like me: Reena Roy", "text": "H er first film, B R Ishara's Nai Duniya Naye Log (1972), was a non-starter but she shot to fame with Subhash Ghai's directorial debut Kalicharan  (1975). Thereafter, Reena Roy never looked back. While still at the top of her game, she quit films to marry then Pakistani cricketer Mohsin Khan.While things didn't really work out between the couple, Reena has held her own with poise. And while the actress has been media-shy for the longest time, she agreed to an interview with TOI after several calls. Excerpts...Why do we never see you at functions and parties? We saw you after years when Rajesh Khanna passed away... Rajesh was a buddy to me. I miss him so much. About your other question, I was never a party person. It was just home-sets-home for me. I would get up at 5 am and go horse-riding and then biking, followed by dance classes. I did nearly 100 films before marriage. I was lucky to do many women-oriented films like Aasha, Apnapan and Nagin to name a few. My only regret is I couldn't work with Dilip Kumar.It's said you entered films to support your family financially? That's rubbish floating on the Internet. In fact, my mom wanted me to get married after four films. If she saw me die in a film, she feared the same would happen to me in real life. When my daughter was with Mohsin and I was pining for her, she associated the event with one of my roles. Anyway, I had a very successful run and didn't marry for a long time till Mohsin Khan (former Pakistan cricketer) came into my life.Your decision to marry Mohsin shocked everybody. You were at the peak of your career at the time... Stagnation had set in. I yearned for a break. I thought marriage was the break and I got married to Mohsin. Once our daughter was born (earlier called Jannat, now Sanam), I gave up all plans of returning to films.What went wrong between Mohsin and you? He had a house in London but I never liked it there. My sisters would come to England to give me company when he travelled for his cricket matches. Else, I would come to Mumbai. It wasn't claustrophobic but I felt very lonely. And then he wanted me to get a British citizenship which was not acceptable to me. Besides, I could not adjust to his environment and lifestyle, what with friends, late nights and entertaining people. We realised we are two very different people. At one point, I called my mom from London and asked her, 'What is the meaning of marriage?' She just said, ' Nibha le. Shaadi means nibhana' . I listened to her otherwise I think I would have come back way earlier.You experienced a very difficult phase when your daughter was with Mohsin for seven years? Difficult is an understatement. It was terrible. I didn't leave any stone unturned to get Sanam back. Shammi Aunty sent home sadhus, who gave me a long list of do's and dont's as far as eating is concerned and I complied. They then said I should stand in the sea every day and I did that too (sighs)...till my mom intervened (pauses)...Go on... But I have nothing against Mohsin per se. He is a wonderful person. After me, he married twice. His third wife takes good care of him. He is in touch with Sanam every day and she loves him. If and when he is not able to reach her, he calls me and enquires if all is well. I think he took Sanam away when he did because he felt I would follow them and settle down with him in London.Why didn't you remarry? There is no time. My daughter is my responsibility. Shaadi karna yaane ek aur aadmi ko paalna...At one point, people thought you were a better dancer than even Vyjayanthimala. Do you m iss dancing?Had I not married, I would have become a better dancer. I think I still have a lot to learn in dancing.We hear Sanam wants to be an actress... She loves acting but she hasn't made up her mind yet.Ekta Kapoor is remaking Nagin. Your thoughts... That's lovely. And I think some newcomer who doesn't have a set image should be asked to step into my role.Sonakshi Sinha looks so much like you... Sonakshi looks like her mom Poonam Sinha, not me. I think Salman Khan's family has given a very typical Indian look that resembles my look on screen. When I did Zakhmee, I was called Asha Parekh and Nasir Hussain's daughter. Dimple was referred to as Nargis's daughter. Film industry m ein toh yeh silsila chalte rehta hai. Kuch din baad khatam ho jaata hai.Have you met Sonakshi? I met her when she was much younger. Gol matol thi. Not after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789536", "title": "Homeless tell their stories in comics", "text": "NEW DELHI: Floods leave a village devastated, forcing its inhabitants to abandon their home and find shelter under a filthy railway overbridge in Delhi. But police push them out every night. When passersby hand out alms during the day, these displaced people can't tell them 'we are not beggars' but such experiences and angst have come alive through a 'wall-poster comics' put together by the homeless people living in different parts of the city.These grassroots comics have given a new lease of life to Aneesh Khan, a homeless who makes a living doing odd jobs and takes refuge at a night shelter at Yamuna Pushta every night. Earlier he didn't know how to express his feelings; now all his thoughts turn into characters for wall-posters, highlighting the struggle of street life. He has put together 15 such posters in the little time that he gets after a tough day at work. Poverty in his village in Bulandshahr forced him to come to Delhi in search of livelihood many years ago.With the authorities yet to frame a comprehensive policy for the homeless and in the absence of adequate shelter for those on the street, the city's homeless have poured out their heart out in 'CityMakers Comics \u2014Digging the past...building (multi) stories'.The wall-poster comics are the outcome of a series of workshops by cartoonist Sharad Sharma of World Comics India. Indo Global Social Service Society, which brought the homeless residents together for these workshops, see the wall-poster comics as a powerful tool to reach out to the mainstream society with the message, 'Make Delhi an inclusive and caring city'.The comics collection is a spread of many themes. From stories of police atrocities, drug addiction, child abuse, exploitation of women to the lack of identity as homeless, dreams of a better life and hope that some day they will be able to return to their villages emerge on the posters that portray characters with nuanced detailing.At the launch of the wall-poster collection, Pinki (13) was excited to tell her story. She chose to show her comics poster, 'Meri Kahani (My Story)'. She has depicted a child who starts crying after her mother asks her to beg as the family is left without any source of income. Next a stick-wielding police man reprimands the girl and prevents her from begging. As she runs to safety unsure where life would lead her, an NGO worker leads her to a shelter.A smiling Pinki says she now lives with her mother in a shelter at Regarpura in central Delhi. Away from the streets, she is now going to a regular school and is a student of Class IV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "16791229", "title": "11-member team heading for Kudankulam arrested", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Coastal Kudankulam and Idinthakarai villages in Tirunelveli district are increasingly turning out of bounds for outsiders, suspected to be supporters of the anti-nuclear stir.After CPM veteran V S Achuthananthan was turned away at the Tamil Nadu border when he was heading to Idinthakarai, and three Japanese anti-nuclear activists were deported from Chennai last month, a 11-member fact finding team from Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Jharkhand and Orissa on their way to Kudankulam was intercepted and arrested by police on Friday.Cases have been registered against the 11 under six counts including intimidation of police personnel and preventing them from discharging their duty. The 11 were produced before a judicial magistrate at Nanguneri and remanded in custody.At a marriage hall where they were detained by the police, K Kesavan of the Centre for Protection of Civil Liberties, said their visit was intended to find out facts that led to the police lathi-charge on September 10 and the subsequent developments. \"After fact-finding, we have also planned to meet the district collector,'' he told reporters.But police said they were being arrested as their visit may disturb peace and harmony in the region, where a curfew is in force.The team comprised four persons including a woman advocate from Madurai, three people from Andhra Pradesh, two from Jharkhand, one woman each from Orissa and New Delhi. The team assembled at Madurai and took a train to Tirunelveli from where they were heading towards Kudankulam in a bus when they were intercepted. Police got a tip-off that such a team from Andhra Pradesh was heading to Kudankulam and Idinthakarai. A team of police personnel led by ADSP Mahendran stopped the bus at Nanguneri tollgate and asked the 11 to get down. Police suspected that they might have naxal links, but a senior official said for now they have not gathered any evidence to suggest that.A brief altercation broke out between the members of the team and the police as soon as they were intercepted. The irate team members argued that they were only visiting the place to gather information about the protest and they had no links with naxalites as alleged by the police. However, police detained and took them to a marriage hall in the same locality where they were subject to daylong interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16791101", "title": "Huge loan behind PCL's move to increase tariff", "text": "LUCKNOW: The controversy has its root to the state government move to get hold of a huge loan to the tune of Rs 15,000 crore from banks under the power sector restructuring project.It was in March, soon after Samajwadi Party stormed to power, when the Centre, in principle, approved the loan for the restructuring plan spanning over a period of 10 years by a consortium of 21 banks which would provide the loan amount over the next three years.The consortium led by the Punjab National Bank (PNB) will provide a loan of Rs 3,800 crore in the first year Rs 7,000 crore in 2013-14 and Rs 4,000 crore in the third year (2014-15). The state government is proposed to service the loan amount of the state budget in the next 10 years.The package is proposed to be given with a rider -- power tariff would increase by 30%, revenue collection be increased substantially and line losses be brought down from the existing 30% to 18%.The UPPCL did not revised the power tariff since 2009, even as the line losses mounted alarmingly. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , who also holds the charge of energy, had been blaming the former Mayawati government of leaving behind a debt of Rs 25,000 crore on UPPCL.The coming of the massive loan, sources said, will certainly ease the pressure on the Samajwadi Party government which not only seeks to provide free electricity to farmers and weavers but is also keen to implement its poll manifesto of distributing lap tops and sops like unemployment allowance and Kanya Vidya Dhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789828", "title": "Notices given in 40 cases over non-use of government land", "text": "PUNE: Over a dozen educational institutes and other institutions in Pune district have failed to utilize government land given to them, for more than two years. The district administration has sought opinion from the government about future course of action against them for not utilizing the land for the stated purpose.Addressing a news conference here on Friday, district collector Vikas Deshmukh said, \"I have issued show-cause notices in 40 cases where people and trusts have availed of government land for one purpose, but have not utilized it even after many years. A notice asking why the land should not be taken back has been issued to such institutions.\"As per the state government's guidelines, an institution should start the said activity on the particular land within two years, failing which the land will either be taken back or the institutions will get some extension to start the activity, Deshmukh said.One such institute is headed by a senior state politician from western Maharashtra, while a second one is headed by a top politician who was till recently active at national level.Commenting on it, Deshmukh said, \"Both the educational institutes are among those about which we have sought opinion from the state government. If any institution is found misusing the land for any other activity than the stated purpose, that institute will be charged as per the government's rates for commercial utilization of the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16791188", "title": "Sparks fly as Joe Biden, Paul Ryan cross swords in TV duel", "text": "WASHINGTON: Aside from \"attending funerals and pageants\", as their derisive job description suggested, US vice-presidents can also occasionally pull presidential chestnuts out of the fire. Joe Biden did exactly that in a feisty debate with his Republican challenger Paul Ryan on Thursday night. In an exercise replete with statistics and putdowns, the two men slugged it out over 90 minutes in the only vice-presidential debate of the election season.Opinion was divided, mostly along party lines, about who won, but the broad verdict was that it was a draw. The veteran Democrat appeared to have done enough against his youthful Republican challenger to restore the spirits of party faithful before the second presidential debate in New York next Tuesday.Vice-presidential debates seldom make news, but so much was at stake in this one after President Obama's disastrous showing last week that as many people seemed to tune into this second tier pow-pow as the first. Biden, old enough to be Ryan's father, went on the attack against his Republican opponent, hammering him on everything from the party's economic philosophy to what he said was mindlessly muscular foreign policy.In sharp contrast to Obama's diffidence in raising controversial Republican positions, Biden also waded into Romney's cynical remarks about 47% of Americans who he suggested don't pay taxes but mooch off the system. A stalwart of Washington's foreign policy establishment, Biden also showed off his superior foreign policy credentials, often coming off as patronizing against the relative greenhorn. India was a non-issue, with a state department official saying in a separate briefing on Thursday that Washington-New Delhi ties now gets bipartisan support.Ryan was defensive but far from overawed by the veteran Democrat's aggression. He defended Romney and hit back with trenchant observations on perceived Democratic missteps, including in Libya and Afghanistan. At times, he seemed unnerved by Biden's frequent interruptions and snarky asides, but he more than held his own, skewering the Democrats tax-and-spend polices and healthcare prescriptions that he said was detrimental to economic recovery. The exchanges were sharp and laden with so many stats and numbers that one wit remarked that \"we need to bring in an Asian to verify all the math these two are talking about\".Election DiaryQuietus Interruptus: One of the annual rituals in American political discourse is to count the number of times the President's State of the Union address is interrupted by applauses. Well, they've now gone one step further. In Thursday night's vice-presidential debate, Republicans claimed they had counted the number of times Democrat Joe Biden interrupted their nominee. The count: 82 times in 90 minutes. Next up, we'll know how many times each candidate blinked.In fact, Biden's body language and his verbal output were both subject of much discussion throughout the debate and after. Experts were called in to discuss what was variously describe as the vice-president's grin, grimace, laugh, cackle, chuckle, smirk, sneer etc. The only thing they could agree on was that he was animated. Republicans though felt he had overdone it and it worked to their candidate's advantage. One Republican felt Biden had loaded up on bourbon before he came to the debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789608", "title": "\u2018Motel FAR rise to help city\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Backing the Delhi Development Authority's (DDA) decision to increase floor area ratio (FAR) of motels in the national capital, the Union urban development (UD) ministry claimed that this would increase supply of rooms in the city and give visitors more affordable options. It also said that rise in FAR would add to banquet and conference facilities, which are in short supply, and bring down rates.The ministry said the proposal to increase FAR for motels from 15 in 2007 to 175 - an over 11-fold increase \u2014 was not new. \"The ministry had received the proposal from DDA in February 2008. The authority had proposed FAR for hotels to be 225. Both proposals were mooted before the Commonwealth Games with an intent to provide more hotel rooms in the Capital. While the decision for hotels was approved in that year, FAR for motels was pending in the ministry,\" a source said.Officials said while \"motel\" was not defined and it did not find a place in the Master Plan 2021, hotel was defined as \"a premise used for lodging of 15 persons or more\". They claimed that almost all motels had lodging facility for more than 15 people, and hence there was a case for increasing their FAR.Moreover, in July 2011, the Union tourism ministry wrote to UD ministry favouring increase in FAR for motels \"as applicable to hotels\". Sources said the tourism ministry had mentioned howf at least 8,000-10,000 additional rooms were required. In addition, Delhi government also recommended increasing FAR for motels. During this period, several motel owners' associations had also pushed the proposal.\"At present, visitors to Delhi have two options - either going for expensive hotels or the ones in Paharganj. Increasing FAR of motels is part of a national target of efficient use of land in urban areas. The higher FAR is subject to motel owners' responsibility to provide necessary infrastructure,\" a senior ministry official said. He added that DDA took an in-principle decision after following due procedure, inviting objections and suggestions.However, questions are being raised whether the motels, particularly on the outskirts, are getting enough guests. \"There should be a reality check to find out the optimum use of rooms available in motels,\" an urban planner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16790170", "title": "More school teachers need to be better qualified", "text": "BANGALORE: Be shocked, very shocked. A study among 25,000 teachers in the state showed that 60% of them at the elementary level don't have a college degree. If you think it's normal for the minimum qualification of teachers at the elementary level to be plus two, read on. Almost 15% of high school teachers don't have one either.The study, 'Teacher Needs Analysis', done by the Karnataka Knowledge Commission and Azim Premji Foundation is one of the largest teacher surveys in the state. It was conducted among 18,000 government elementary school teachers and 7,000 secondary school teachers. There are 1.9 lakh teachers in these groups.The minimum qualification of teachers at the elementary level is plus two. The highest educational qualification of 18% of teachers surveyed is SSLC and for another 41% is PUC. 31% are degree holders, 10% have done their Masters. Not one teacher has done MPhil or PhD.The shocker is for high schools where one requires at least a graduation along with B Ed. Only 9% of teachers surveyed had only an SSLC degree. Another 5% was PUC pass outs. While there were 40% with degree and 44% with PG, another 2% were MPhil or PhD holders.\"It is imperative that measures are undertaken to set right the anomaly at the high school level and at the same time appropriate distribution of teachers at the elementary level will provide for enough number of graduate teachers to take up subject-wise teaching. Digitizing of teacher profile records at the district and block levels should be a priority which will allow for suitable re-distribution of the teachers within the district or if possible even within the block,\" the report states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790840", "title": "Police yet to identify rape victims at Banasthali", "text": "JAIPUR: A week after protests against rape of two girls on the campus rocked Banasthali Vidyapeeth, police are yet to identify the victims.Sources said police had even distributed pamphlets in some classrooms asking girls to come forward if they have any information about the rapes or the victims' identity. They also summoned the records of every student at the university and those of a hospital on the campus.The mystery over the victims' identity, however, continues. The police have begun enquiries at the SMS Hospital in Jaipur, where one of the two rape victims was reportedly referred.As long as the identities are not ascertained, sources said the police probe can't head in any direction.SP, Tonk S Parimala said the investigation is still on. \"We are not in a situation to comment on the probe. However, every angle surrounding the student unrest is being probed,\" the officer told TOI.A senior police officer said, \"Usual harassment of girls is also under the purview of investigation. The Rajasthan State Women's Commission and National Women Commission are also in touch with us. They are being apprised of the investigation.\"The officer added that the police, so far, have heard several allegations surrounding the rape story. \"Some say that victims were bribed and threatened. However, these allegations are yet to be substantiated,\" said the officer.State women's commission and NCW are also preparing their own report. State commission's chairperson Ladkumari Jain said the committee formed to probe the issue is yet to hand over the report. \"Every aspect related to the controversy is being investigated,\" she said.Over 5,000 girls demonstrated on the campus on October 4 alleging rape of two students - one pursuing BTech and the other studying in class XI. As per the allegations, one of the victims was referred to SMS Hospital where she died. Neither the victims, nor their family members have, so far, come forward to substantiate the claims made by the protesting students. The university administration has brushed off the allegations as rumours.The police, though, arrested an ambulance driver who allegedly molested a girl and a warden for warden for locking up two girls in a room on October 4 evening. The warden was released the next day, while the driver was denied bail by a court and is in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16791356", "title": "Yoga camps for all age groups", "text": "MYSORE: Yoga camps and related lectures will be part of Nada Habba.Yoga Dasara sub-committee vice-president Dr N Nagesh said Mysore is synonymous with yoga, so many programmes have been planned this year. | The committee is trying to reach as many people as possible. yoga camp will be held for everyone -- be it college students, pourakarmikas, jail inmates or senior citizens. Weeklong Yoga Vikasana, lecture and demonstration will be held at different colleges here. Similar events will also be held at orphanages and old-age homes, he added.Around 2,500 pourakarmikas are expected to benefit from the free camp near Kote Anjaneyaswami Temple on October 15. Yoga Saptaha, scheduled from October 16, will be held at 25 different centres here. \"The committee will also organize camp for jail inmates,\" Nagesh added.A free yoga orientation camp for X Std will be held at Jayamma Govindegowda Kalyana Mantap on October 15. According to the committee, yoga and meditation help students improve their concentration and memory. Yoga guruRaghavendra Pai will give lecture to students.The formal inaugural of Yoga Dasara will be held at Palace premises at 6.30am on October 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16791715", "title": "Eating out to become costlier in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Owners of restaurants without bars are on the horns of dilemma. With spiralling prices of raw materials putting a squeeze on their margins, they are seriously mulling their future course of action. While few owners, who have raised the prices in the recent past are unwilling to do so, others are contemplating or have hiked the prices.Royal Treat owner Ahmed Fakruddin, who increased rates of all food items by 10 to 20% in the beginning of the month said, \"We had not raised the rates for the past 18 months keeping customers (interest) in mind. We had no choice as the prices of all raw materials have increased by 300%. Live chicken which is selling at Rs 80-115 a kilogram now, was available at Rs 32 last year. Prices of spices also increased three times from Rs 800 to Rs 2,400.\"Kudpi Jagadeesh Shenoy, president of DK Hotel Owners Association said, \"Several eateries in the coastal city, including ours, had increased the rates six months ago. Hence we will not raise it further as of now.\"Kumar Alva from Mainland China said that even though he want to increase the prices, he would not do it at present. \"We have not completed a year of operations here. Also our prices are considered to be on the higher side. We are operating on wafer thin margins. We may hike the prices this year end or the beginning of next year, when we renew our vendor list.\"\"The prices of raw materials like vegetables and meat have seen a tremendous increase in the past six to eight months. Adding to it is the recent diesel price hike, which will further the burden. As such business is down and we are in a Catch 22 situation,'' said another restaurateur.Business class hotel Ocean Pearl unit head Biju Varghese said, \"The inputs costs have increased and hence the prices of meat dishes, which currently are at Rs 180 to Rs 225 will go up by 15%. The increase will happen in November.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794593", "title": "'Commuter love' may not be for all couples", "text": "Better opportunities are forcing couples to live separately. Experts on making 'commuter love' workLong distance couples, now called commuter couples, given the amount of travelling each partner does, are stuff that nice suburban legends are made of. We often hear of so-and-so who lived in different cities for \"eight years, can you believe it!\" and have probably caught ourselves wondering at their superhuman will, and powers.Yet, maintaining long distance relationships (LDR), as those who've been in it can tell you, is not easy. Ironically, the number of such commuter couples, say experts, has gone up.Dr Katheryn Maguire, associate professor at Wayne State University , Michigan, whose 15-year research focuses on communication in LDRs says, \"Couples see LDRs as more manageable now, and more of a necessity given the current economic climate and difficulty obtaining and keeping well-paying jobs.\"Mumbai couples aren't untouched by forces of economics either. Andheri-based Dr Rajiv Anand, psychiatrist, sex consultant and marriage counsellor says, \"These days we come across at least eight to ten LDR couples a month.\"So what do these experts tell their clients about surviving a relationship?Use technology: Use Skype or any other video chat technology while eating breakfast or cooking dinner after a day's work. Do your thing, while your partner does hers \u2014 co-exist, and make conversation intermittently.All conversations don't have to be long or meaningful. Talk about mundane stuff like what you ate for breakfast. Share your plans about what vegetables you intend to buy from the market. Keep it simple and quotidian. \"These conversations allow us to keep track of the goingson in our partner's life. Without them, we tend to get surprised,\" says Dr Maguire.Make mutual decisions about chat time Be cautious of the time you demand from your partner. Don't insist that they send you good morning messages every day, because just like you, they too, are leading a life with its own rhythm and schedule.\"You need to give space in view of different time zones, surroundings and lifestyles. If one partner is inquisitive or suspicious, the other partner feels pushed and will begin avoiding interacting. This leads to the creation of an emotional distance,\" says Dr Anand.Children Kids miss their parents more keenly, so it's important for them to have a routine that they can rely on, says Dr Maguire. The parent who has gone to another city should find ways to creatively communicate with the child, as well. Send them a postcard or email every fortnight \u2014 this gives them something to look forward to with excitement.Know when to be present Make yourself available for important occasions. If your anniversary is a big day for you, plan ahead and apply for leave. Don't let anything get in the way of the journeys you make for each other.Amsterdam-based Dr Ferdi Smit (32) and Mumbai girl Amrita Karunakaran (28), met in an online chat room 10 years ago \u2014 when Skype and Facebook weren't around. They dated across continents and time zones for eight years, before they got married in 2010. Every year, one of them would make a trip to see the other for two months. That, says the duo, was imperative.So when the time came to marry, neither felt like a stranger in the other's presence.\"It actually was fun to set up house and move into our own 'home.' The fact that we stayed in each other's homes helped us adjust,\" says Karunakaran, who is now based in Amsterdam with her husband.Have a deadline Experts point out that it is important for a couple to set a deadline of time to be together again. For Smit and Karunakaran, it was till Smit finished his studies. Karunakaran made sure she was there for his PhD ceremony.What about sex? Like many good things in life, there is an app for this as well. Oni Chen, a 27-year-old Taiwanese marketing major has come up with the LovePalz, which can be downloaded on a smartphone. The app comes with two devices \u2014 Zeus for men and Hera for women. And once connected online, these devices can tracks your's and your partner's movements.Karunakaran says, \"I don't think temptation is any stronger in a long distance relationship. If you love and care for someone, you will find ways to make it work.\"While the thought of living in another city may be incomprehensible for some, there are many who welcome it.Dr Maguire says, \"One of the more interesting results that emerged from my research is that some couples want to be in an LDR \u2014 they want their autonomy during the week, but connect with their partners on the weekends. Some couples tell me that they think they would break up or divorce if they ever had to live together again for long periods of time.\"mirrorfeedback@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794463", "title": "Ranchi artists to showcase work in Delhi", "text": "Five painters from Ranchi have been selected to showcase their artwork at an exhibition in DelhiRanchi-ites have a reason to rejoice as five city-based painters have been selected for an art exhibition organized in Delhi, next month. Titled Paint for Justice, the exhibition has been organized by a Delhi-based organization, Nijh World. The exhibition will have on display paintings of almost 300 artists from across India. The theme for this year is social evils. Ten artists from each state were to be selected for the exhibition. And out of Jharkhand's 10 entries, five are from Ranchi.Says Manoj Kumar Sinha, who has highlighted the issue of human trafficking, feels there is a need to create more awareness to suppress this evil. Har din newspapers me kuchh na kuchh rehta hai on trafficking. The society needs to wake up and do something. I hope my painting would create awareness,\" says Manoj.While Praween Karmkar focuses on witchcraft, other paintings dwell on themes of child marriage, mining et all. \"Witchcraft is still prevalent here. Most of these women are either poor, widowed or live alone. And the torture these women are subjected to is beyond comprehension. I have tried to highlight this issue so that our government does something to eradicate it from our state,\" says Praween.Women in Jharkhand often suffer in the hands of the society. These women need help. \"I have tried to highlight their pain and grievances on canvas. Women are the backbone of our society and deserve respect. I'm glad an exhibition like this is happening on a national level. Jharkhand has a lot of good artists but they rarely get a chance to exhibit their talent, says Dhruv Srivastava, a teacher and a painter.Vinod Ranjan, a city based painter and convener for this painting exhibition from Jharkhand, chose coal mining as his subject. He reveals, \"My painting is inspired from a serious issue that everybody tends to conveniently ignore \u2014 coal mining. The mining activity in the state has caused an unprecedented level of destruction. So I decided to paint the plight of the people living in those areas.\"Like there is good and evil, black and white, truth and lie, Himadri Ramani, art teacher at a local school and a PG holder from Shantiniketan, likes to capture contradictions on canvas. The colours he likes to use are usually black, white and bronze. Elaborating on his choice of subject, he says, \"I have painted on the perils of virtual social networking. People have thousands of friends on these websites but the concept of an integrated family is gradually dying. As we are chasing the virtual world, we are losing out on the real.\"It is interesting to note that despite a single Art College or an Art Gallery in the state, these five artistes have managed to carve a niche for themselves out of sheer grit and passion.\"There is absolute apathy from the authorities and if an artist wants to organise an exhibition or participate in an event, they have to manage on their own,\" the artists rue.Anyone listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16789285", "title": "Now, support for coal handling", "text": "VASCO: Almost 4,000 people gathered in the port town to protest the ban on coal and coke handling at berth nos 9 and 10 at the Mormugao Port Trust.A J Peters, president of the Mormugao port and railway workers union, said, \"The rally was organized as a reminder to the government that not only hundreds, but the fate of thousands of people is at stake.\" The rally commenced at 10am from the IOC terminal and culminated at the deputy collector's office, after making its way through the F L Gomes road, Tilak maidan, St Andrew's church, and Swatantra path. The rally initially began with the affected port workers, but gradually, locals, including fruit and vegetable vendors, restaurant owners and others, joined in, carrying posters with slogans such as 'Government save our jobs', and 'Revoke the GSPCB ban'. As the deputy collector was not present, the memorandum was given to Vasco mamlatdar Laxmikant Dessai.The memorandum stated that legal iron ore mining/export should be commenced along with permission for handling of coal/coke operations with a written assurance from the port authorities that it shall comply with all pollution-control measures.Cruz Mascarenhas of the MPT's mechanical department, said, \"Till now, our families have not slept hungry. To avoid such a situation, we are pleading with the government to show some sympathy towards us and resolve the matter.\"He further said, \"The MPT chairman will make necessary arrangements so that we meet the union shipping minister on October 16. A panel of five members will be formed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16790134", "title": "Status report of housing projects on website soon", "text": "NOIDA: The Yamuna Expressway Authority has ordered developers in the region to upload the status report of housing projects on their official website. The decision was taken by the additional CEO after a TOI report highlighted how flats were being booked by builders despite layout plans of their projects having not been passed by the Authority.Homebuyers had recently protested in the matter and demanded that transparency be maintained by the Authority and developers about the upcoming projects for the safety of their investments.Yamuna Expressway Authority additional CEO, HK Verma, admitted that homebuyers were confused about the status of housing projects falling in the region. \"We took up the issue after finding the concern of homebuyers genuine,\" Verma said. The layout plan and other related documents will now be uploaded on the Authority's website.The idea of uploading status of projects is expected to reduce the burden on Authority officials. \"With properties along the expressway increasing in demand, homebuyers have been queuing at the Authority offices to know the status of projects, and this has been wasting the time of officials,\" Verma added.So far, homebuyers have to rely on developers for information about the project. Whenever they go to the Authority office, most of the times they have to return without information. \"I went to the Authority office four times to check the status of a proposed housing project where I was planning to invest. Officials made excuses thrice and the fourth time told me that it was not their responsibility to tell me the status of housing projects. Finally, I dropped the idea of investing there,\" said Amit Singh, a resident of Delhi.\"This decision will definitely help homebuyers and give then a sense of security. The developers' fraternity should also take steps at their level to reduce the stress of buyers for finding their dream homes and right investments,\" said RK Arora, CMD Supertech and senior office bearer of CREDAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791827", "title": "Rs 30cr Palika facelift horror job", "text": "NEW DELHI: Just a year after the renovated Palika Bazaar was inaugurated by the chief minister, Sheila Dikshit , it is in urgent need of repairs and maintenance.Overflowing drains, lack of sanitation, poor maintenance and gradual increase in tehbazaaris outside the market are driving the 400-odd traders to despair. Despite spending Rs 30 crore on the market's renovation, traders say, New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) has failed to address their basic problems. As a result, business has sharply declined over the years.While renovating the market, the NDMC didn't replace the old drainage and sewer pipelines . Recently, the civic agency had to dig up a portion of the market as it had got waterlogged . This section, which is filled with drain water, is right next to the only escalator. \"This is extremely dangerous, as the water level is high. An accident is waiting to happen,'' said Dinesh Gaur, president of Palika Bazaar Traders' Association. Though there is provision for two escalators, the civic agency has installed just one. \"That also doesn't work most of the time,\" said Gaur.Gaur claims the market association had made several representations before the NDMC officials asking for changing of the drainage system while the renovation work was on. \"But our requests fell on deaf years. The market was constructed in 1978. Over the years, the drainage pipes have got damaged and choked due to the massive construction work in Connaught Place. In some shops, water has seeped into the flooring. Shopkeepers are finding it difficult to stock their goods,'' said Mehar Elahi, vice-president of the association .The false ceiling has developed gaping holes at various places due to water seepage. Though the market was renovated, the civic agency didn't do any waterproofing. According to a senior NDMC official, who is in-charge of the area: \"The waterproofing has got damaged due to digging done by various departments in the park which is right above the market. Due to this, water has seeped in and damaged the false ceiling. We will carry out repairs soon. The life of waterproofing is not yet over. We will soon start doing fresh waterproofing of the market and it will be completed before 2015.\"The market was one of the main centres for the disaster management mock drill conducted in the city in February this year. Interestingly , it is yet to get fire clearance from Delhi Fire Service. \"We have asked NDMC to make some changes in the existing system. We are in the final stages of giving them fire clearance,'' said a senior fire officer. But the fire hoses installed in the market are locked in boxes which have iron grills. \"This is a precautionary measure to prevent the equipment from being stolen. The keys are available with the security guards,'' said the fire official. \"But NDMC chairperson Archana Arora said, \"The fire safety equipment is not locked.\" Traders say sanitation is a serious problem in the market. The toilets are dirty and the fittings have been stolen. \"It doesn't look like the market was renovated a year back. We have been asking them to hand over sanitation to us. As of now, the NDMC staff doesn't listen to us,'' said Pankaj Mehta, joint secretary of the association.But the problem that directly threatens the very existence of the traders is the gradual increase in tehbazaaris outside the market. Though just 97 are allowed, traders say, over 200 are operational. The main entrance to Palika Parking and the market is blocked due to these tehbazaaris. Traders say the footfall in the market has dropped by 40% due to NDMC's inaction in controlling the number of tehbazaari sites. In September, Dikshit had directed NDMC to immediately find a solution to the problem after traders approached her. They are still waiting.According to Arora, \"We have been taking action in the past. I'll again ask my officials to take action against the illegal tehbazaaris. The false ceiling has caved in and we will repair it. I have asked my officials to submit a report regarding accumulation of water near the escalators. We are carrying out repairs.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16791271", "title": "Central Coalfields Limited mine gets green signal", "text": "RANCHI: The Union forest and environment ministry has cleared the Konar mining project of the Central Coalfields Limited (CCL) in Bokaro district.Chairman-cum-managing director of the CCL Gopal Singh said the company had applied for the final environment clearance for the opencast coal mining project in Bokaro district and the Union ministry granted the approval. \"We call it stage-II clearance and this is the final clearance for mining. We will start the ground work and try our best to make it operational at the earliest,\" said Singh.The CMD expressed hope that the power and steel companies of northern India would benefit from the mining project. The CCL is one of the coal suppliers to major power plants in northern states of the country including Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi.\"There are companies which face problem in acquisition but because of our good rehabilitation and resettlement policy for displaced families and a number of welfare projects, we have never faced any major hurdle. This time also, we expect to get the land for the Konar project without much problem,\" he added.Sources in the CCL said this would be one of the major opencast mines of the company spread over 288.26 hectare including forest land. The company will be excavating around 3.5 million tonnes per annum.A senior official of the company said the Union ministry has also given in principle approval for two other mining projects of Urimari in Ramgarh and Rohini in Ranchi district. Each mine will have 2.5 million tonnes capacity.\"If everything goes well, our company will have additional production capacity of 8.5 million tonnes in the next couple of years,\" said the source. The present mining capacity of the CCL is around 55.5 million tonnes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791231", "title": "India among 41 nations still practicing under-age marriage for girl child", "text": "NEW DELHI: With almost half of Indian women having got married as child brides, now the country figures in a shameful list of 41 nations, where 30% or more women aged 20-24 years were married by 18 years between 2000 and 2011.The fresh list says that 47% women in India were married before they turned 18 in the last decade.Even countries like Zimbabwe , Guatemala , Gabon , Sudan , Afghanistan and Ethiopia treat their girl children better with the prevalence of child brides being much lower than that of India.According to \"Marrying too Young: End Child Marriage,\" a new report released by the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), despite laws to prevent its practice, child marriage has remained mostly constant in developing countries over the past decade.It, however, now estimates that globally, by 2030, the number of child brides marrying each year will have grown from 14.2 million in 2010 to 15.1 million \u2014 an increase of over 14% if the current trends continue.If present trends persist, 142 million girls will be married by their 18th birthday in the next decade (by 2020).One in three girls in developing countries (excluding China) will be married before they turn 18.Predictions are that in South Asia, the number of child brides is likely to increase from 24.4 million (4.9 million per year) girls in 2010 to 27.9 million (5.6 million per year) in 2030. Over a 20-year period (2010-2030), a total of 130 million girls in South Asia alone are likely to marry or enter into conjugal union as children.The report says that the practice of child marriage is still high in many developing countries (61 nations have a child marriage prevalence of 20% or higher).Child marriage at the global level has remained relatively constant over the last 10 years at around 50% and 23% in rural and urban areas, respectively.According to the global report, while Indian states like Goa, Manipur and Kerala have prevalence rates of 15% or less as far as child brides are concerned, there are a number of states like Uttar Pradesh (53%), Andhra Pradesh (55%) and Bihar (60%), where at least half of girls are married or in union before they turn 18.\"No social, cultural or religious rationale for child marriage can possibly justify the damage these marriages do to young girls and their potential,\" said Dr Babatunde Osotimehin, executive director of UNFPA.\"A girl should have the right to choose whom she marries and when. Since many parents and communities also want the very best for their daughters, we must work together to end child marriage. It is the only course by which we can avert what otherwise is the human tragedy of child marriage,\" Osotimehin added.In 2010, 158 countries reported that 18 years was the minimum legal age for marriage for women without parental consent or approval by a pertinent authority.Still, in 2010, one in three girls, or 67 million girls, were married before their 18th birthday in developing countries (excluding China).Half of these child marriages took place in Asia, with another one fifth in sub-Saharan Africa . But the practice is also widespread in some communities in Latin America , West Asia and eastern Europe. Progress has been made, and the report finds that child marriage has declined in some developing countries, including Armenia , Bolivia , Ethiopia and Nepal .\"Child marriage is an appalling violation of human rights and robs girls of their education, health and long-term prospects,\" said Dr Osotimehin. \"Marriage for girls can lead to complications of pregnancy and childbirth \u2014 the main causes of death among 15-19-year-old girls in developing countries.\"In South Asia, nearly half (46%) of young women, aged 20-24, were married by their 18th birthday in 2010. Bangladesh has the highest prevalence of child marriage in the region (66%). Approximately 130 million girls in South Asia will be married as children by 2030, if present trends continue. Married girls face life-threatening health consequences. About 16 million girls aged 15-19 give birth each year. In nine out of 10 of these cases, the girl is already married. Complications from pregnancy and childbirth are the leading cause of death among girls aged 15-19. Married girls are at risk of sexually-transmitted infections, including HIV, passed on by their husbands who typically are much older and sexually-experienced. Child brides have limited access to and use of contraception. In developing countries overall, 22% of adolescent girls (aged 15-19), who are married or in union, use contraceptives, against 61% of married girls and women aged 15-49 years. Stillbirths and deaths during the first week of life are 50% higher among babies born to adolescents than among babies born to mothers in their 20s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16791192", "title": "Chief Justice of India in city on two-day visit, to meet officials", "text": "RANCHI: A day when Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir is here, residents of Nagri staged a demonstration at the capital's main square on Friday and extended open invitation to him to visit their homeland to show the fertility of the land where the state government is planning to come up with central educational institutions. Organized under the banner of Nagri Bachao Jansangharsh Samiti, the villagers gathered at Alber Ekka Square and raised slogans announcing not to part with their land.Chief Justice Altamas Kabir, will address judicial offcials of the state who will felicitate him later on.The villagers have been protesting against the government's land acquisition move to set up IIM, IIIT and a central law university. Convener of the samiti Ratan Tirkey said they were now geared to carry out a postcard campaign under which around 500 postcards would be sent to the President of India with copies to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , Congress president Sonia Gandhi , BJP president Nitin Gadkari , Chief Justice of India Kabir, social activist Anna Hazare and Arwind Kejriwal of India against corruption. \"We want the President to issue directives to the governors in all states that come under Fifth Schedule of the Constitution to act as per provisions of the schedule,\" Tirkey said.Asked as to why the agitators have not sought judicial remedy, Tirkey said some of the efforts made earlier turned futile. \"There is a difference of opinion among the protesters and everyone is in the race for bagging credit. The situation warrants immediate intervention of the government only then the process of land acquisition could be stopped,\" Tirkey added.He also accused governor Syed Ahmed of not exercising his powers under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution.\"It is not a matter of judicial intervention because Ranchi is one among the 113 blocks under the Fifth Schedule where the governor is competent enough to stay any bid to acquire tribal land which is against their interest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789472", "title": "Impersonator duped actors, Congress leader", "text": "MUMBAI: The list of people conned by Vijay Kumar Dwivedi (30), who posed as AICC general secretary Janardhan Dwivedi's son, includes actor Govinda, TV star Shweta Tiwari , Ekta Kapoor of Balaji Telefilms and Congress leader Amrish Patel.The impersonator, who was arrested on Thursday, said he wanted to get a break in the film industry and hence fooled the owner of an acting class in Delhi by posing as Janardhan Dwivedi's son. Vijay Kumar, a resident of Amethi, was arrested after Dwivedi himself called up CM Prithviraj Chavan to complain about an impersonator in Mumbai misusing his name.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16791059", "title": "No training, safety gear for sanitation workers", "text": "VARANASI: Neither Varanasi Municipal Corporation (VMC) nor the Jal Kal department seems to be following the guidelines stipulated to ensure safety and good health of sanitation workers in the city.Two days ago, a sanitation worker died of suffocation while cleaning a sewer line in the city. The death of the fourth class employee not only raised questions about the proper training of the workers but also the provision or lack thereof of safety equipment to the workers.According to Sohan, a septic tank cleaner in Chowkaghat area, no training or safety equipment is provided by the department concerned. \"We are trained by our own family members,\" he said.At the same time, the draft of the city sanitation plan for Varanasi framed by VMC in association with CEPT University, Ahmedabad has clearly mentioned that people working as dumpsite waste pickers and sewage cleaners are highly susceptible to diseases like diarrhoea. Besides, the incidence of tuberculosis, bronchitis, asthma, pneumonia, dysentery, parasitic infections and malnutrition is also high among waste pickers. Workers engaged in cleanliness of septic tanks and sewage lines are exposed to harmful micro organisms and high quantities of methane and hydrogen sulphide. While the guidelines drafted by VMC under the city sanitation plan clearly indicate that sanitation workers working in septic tanks should be provided with long rubber gloves, a water proof hat, goggles, respirators, rubber boots, long pants over boots, solid waste collectors are also be provided with high visibility jackets, protective clothing, shoes, boots, masks and gloves. The guidelines also demand regular vaccination of sanitation workers against deadly diseases like hepatitis A and B, tetanus, diphtheria, typhoid and encephalitis.SP Srivastava, executive engineer, Jal Kal said there are no gloves, masks and other safety equipment for workers yet. \"We are in the process of purchasing few respirators and oxygen cylinders for workers working in deep septic tanks. Respirators will be purchased for groups as a single respirator for individuals is not possible, said Srivastava. It may be mentioned here that there are only 32 sanitation workers at Jal Kal, and the agency has outsourced the work to around 260 sanitation workers to meet the city's requirements.At the same time, according to additional municipal commissioner, Sachidanand Singh, around 500 high visibility jackets have been distributed among sanitation workers engaged in cleanliness at Sarnath, Cantonment, ghats and some other areas of the city. \"Soon, more jackets will be distributed among other workers. We also plan to introduce masks, gloves and modern cleaning equipment for workers, but that's still in the pipeline,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16790784", "title": "Jacob got his cows, but where would he keep them ?", "text": "KOCHI: Jacob of Pazhampilly house is in a fix. Though Kochi corporation had seized his cows 18 days ago following a complaint by his neighbour, it returned his cattle as per the directive of the Kerala high court. But his problem still persists as the court ordered that he cannot rear his cows until he acquires a proper licence from a competent authority.Three years ago, Susan John filed a complaint with Kochi corporation seeking action against Jacob for 'polluting the area' by rearing animals on his land. Susan later filed a case against Jacob. Then the court ordered the corporation to take animals into custody.\"Though we visited Jacob's house on five different occasions, we never saw any cows. We visited during the day as the law doesn't permit us to seize animals at night,\" said corporation health inspector P R Prasad.\"After milking them at 5 am, the cows are taken out for grazing. I bring them back late in the evening. Our neighbours would collect the dung each day. We have an efficient drainage system for our cowshed. I don't understand how can they pollute anything? I have been rearing cows for the past forty years and this is my source of livelihood,\" he said.Jacob supplies milk to nearby residents and hence they too want to resolve this matter quickly. \"He can submit another application before the corporation for a licence just as per the court directive. Our hope is the latest government order that's says it is not mandatory for the owners to secure licence for rearing up to four cattle,\" said his counsel Radhika.One of his neighbours has allowed Jacob to keep the cows at his place. \"How long can I keep them there?\" asked Jacob.Kochi: After 18 days, Jacob of Pazhampilly house regained his cows on Friday. Though the Kochi Corporation authorities, who seized his cows following a complaint by one of his neighbours, returned them after the High Court intervened. But he cannot feel elated, because, giving the verdict ordering the civic authorities to give back the cows, the court also directed Jacob not to keep his cows on his house premises-the six cents which is the only land he and his family owns- until proper licence for rearing them is obtained from the competent authority.The headache for Jacob started three years back when his neighbour Susan John filed a complaint with Kochi Corporation asking them to take action against the former for polluting the area by rearing in his house premises. After the consideration of Kochi Corporation, ombudsman for local bodies and Pollution Control Board (PCB), the case reached before Kerala High Court.The court ordered the Corporation authorities to take the cows into custody. '' Though we visited Jacob's house five different occasions, we couldn't find the cows there. Our visit was during daytime as the law doesn't permit us to seize the animal at night'' said P R Prasad, health inspector, Kochi corporation. According to Jacob they hardly keep the cows in our premises during daytime. ''After milking the cows at 5 am, we would take all the four cows for gazing in a vacant land nearby. So, they would be in our premises during night only,'' said Jacob. '' Our neighbours would collect the cow dung each day. The urine and water used for cleaning the cattle shed would be drained out to the river through the drainage system. So, the cows don't cause any pollution as such,'' he said.The cows are the main sources of revenue for Jacob and family. I have been into rearing cows for the last forty years. It is using the revenue from the cows that I brought up my five children and married off three daughters,'' Jacob said. More than a personal issue of Jacob, the issue has become a problem for many people in the area. Jacob had been supplying milk to them. They want a solution for the issue as early as possible. '' He can submit another application before the Kochi corporation for getting licence. According to the court verdict on Wednesday, he can keep his cows in his premises provided he secure a licence from the competing authority,'' said Radhika, counsel for Jacob. '' Now, we are pinning our hopes on latest government order making it not mandatory for the owners to secure licence for rearing up to five cattle,'' she said.Now one of his neighbours has granted permission to keep the cows in his premises. 'But how long can I keep them in another person's land?'' Jacob asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789580", "title": "Asha moves HC to stop Magnasound assets sale", "text": "MUMBAI: Singer Asha Bhosle recently moved the Bombay high court against the transfer and sale of assets of Magnasound India Ltd (MIL), a music company which is being wound up. The company owes her a substantial sum towards royalty payment.Bhosle has urged the court for protection saying she reasonably apprehends \"fraud\" being played on MIL's creditors by its sister concern, Magnasound Media Private Ltd (MMPL). The company is seeking to sell MIL's music rights to Sony Music Entertainment Pvt Ltd.Her application for interim relief stated that Rs 66.74 lakh was due to her on March 1, 2001, with interest, towards royalty for sale of cassettes and CDs of her albums.MIL agreed to pay the money in instalments and consent terms were signed on October 7, 2002. Bhosle also initiated winding-up proceedings against Magnasound. On July 9, 2010, HC ordered the company to wind up for non-payment of dues to its creditors.Bhosle's July 18, 2012, affidavit, in support of her company application, said she came across Sony's April 11, 2012, public notice inviting objections to its proposed acquisition of exclusive licence to distribute, reproduce and publish original songs and videos comprising entire catalogue and repertoire of Magnasound owned by MMPL.Her advocates wrote to the official liquidator for Magnasound to probe the alleged transfer of its assets. She said Sony, at an April 2012 meeting convened by the deputy official liquidator (DOL), admitted to issuing the public notice as MMPL had represented itself as owners of MIL's assets. Bhosle said while Sony undertook not to acquire licence of the assets, it went back on its word and entered into an agreement with MMPL.Bhosle's application said the DOL failed to initiate steps against MMPL. She has urged the court to direct Sony and MMPL to prove acquisition, ownership or transfer of assets, and pending hearing and final disposal of her application, to restrain them from selling or creating third-party rights.She also sought direction to the DOL to seize and take charge of the assets, and in the event of Sony and MMPL's failure to provide proof of ownership, to alternately sell them by public auction and distribute the proceeds to her and other creditors. On Thursday, Justice Anoop Mohata allowed the respondents time to file their replies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16791772", "title": "Popular Front's campaign starts", "text": "MANGALORE: The Popular Front of India on Friday commenced its month long national campaign to familiarize the organization and its objectives to the psublic.As part of the campaign, PFI plans to hold 'Peoples' Conferences' in Bangalore, Gulbarga, Mysore and Mangalore.During the campaign PFI squads will reach out to people, make house visits, and convene neighbourhood meets.The campaign will end with a Peoples' Solidarity Convention in New Delhi.PFI alleged that some sections in the administration, police and intelligence, influenced by vested interests, are making efforts to malign and tarnish the organization. \"Being a neo-social organization spearheading the empowerment of the weaker and downtrodden sections of the society, the malicious moves against Popular Front is nothing but part of an agenda to block equal justice to backwards and minorities. Obstructing and defaming a social movement of backward and minority communities is against the spirit of democratic and secular values enshrined in the Indian constitution,\" the release stated.The campaign will also focus on the release of illegally detained under-trial prisoners and the repeal of anti-people black laws like UAPA. PFI chairman E M Abdul Rahiman has appealed cooperation and support of all citizens in the exercise of the democratic, secular and constitutional right of empowering the underprivileged masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794032", "title": "Bigg Boss 6 tour to help Salman\u2019s Being Human?", "text": "Bigg Boss 6 promises entertainment, entertainment and entertainment for the aam janta. Now, to make the show more engaging the makers have planned to take it to another level.Colors announced a first ever initiative that will give the common man to visit the Bigg Boss property with the unique Bigg Boss tour. Salman Khan , the host of the show was overwhelmed to start off the flagship and about the same, he said, \"The trip will be interesting for the people as they will see the Bigg Boss house.\"The tour doesn't come for free for Bigg Boss fans, they need to pay a minimal amount to enjoy the tour. So, where will the profit go? Salman quickly said, \"I don't believe in the amount of percentage. If I talk about 100 percent then the money will go where Raj sir (Raj Nayak CEO Colors)?\"\"The money will go to Being Human foundation,\" said Raj Nayak.However, later in an interaction with the CEO, he said, \"We were just joking then. Honestly, we didn't sit and discuss about the money. But, we are closely associated with Being Human, so we don't mind giving the money.\"\"Right now we are not looking at the money making aspect from the tour. We just want that people should come and see that it's all real and nothing is scripted,\" concluded Raj Nayak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16789829", "title": "FIR against officials of firm constructing Rapid Metro", "text": "GURGAON: At the instance of an ASI (traffic police), the DLF-I police have lodged an FIR against construction site in-charge of IL &amp; FS engineering service company, the firm constructing Rapid Metro, among other staff, on the charge of causing dangerous obstruction to public.The policeman alleged that the company opened and closed a U-turn without informing traffic police. It did not even seek permission to do so. The company staff caused dangerous obstruction to public near Sikanderpur market. An FIR has been lodged against Karambir Chautrvedi, construction site in-charge and other staff members of the company under section 283/341 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790361", "title": "Paper tickets to meet Puja rush on Metro?", "text": "KOLKATA: Anticipating a huge rush, Metro Railway officials are now considering to revert back to paper tickets for the Puja days - just like they did last year - instead of issuing smart tokens. They believe that a significant number of people using the services during the puja will not have any experience using the tokens and this may result in confusion at the gates. Officials also don't want people to take the smart tokens back home as souvenirs.\"When we first installed the new ticketing system on July 8 last year, we introduced 7 lakh tokens and 4 lakh smart cards into the system. This year, during stock taking, only 70,000 tokens were left. The smart card stock was also running low. We ordered 3 lakh more tokens and as many smart cards. In the initial days, many people took away tokens as souvenirs. This trend gradually came down but some are still lost during technical snags when gates are left open. During the Puja, when we expect to get many new users, there may be a tendency to take away the tokens as souvenirs,\" an official said.\"We haven't taken a decision yet. We will deploy more staff during the Puja. However, we can't say whether it will be sufficient. On an average, we are handling over 6 lakh commuters everyday. During the Pujas, we will be running more services than on previous years. There is a possibility of a huge rush. If the gates get blocked, there may be confusion,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGM(G)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "16794943", "title": "Breakdowns in BEST buses decline by 25%", "text": "MUMBAI : There has been a decline in number of breakdowns in Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport (BEST) buses in Mumbai in recent months. BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said that the number of breakdowns had gone down by more than 25 %.He said that in the past there were at least 120 buses witnessing breakdowns on roads and at the depots daily. \"But in recent months, this figure has come down to 90 and we expect it to decline further to just 60 breakdowns a day. We are improving our services by maintaining the buses properly and ensuring that it has good quality spare parts,'' he stated. MNS member Kedar Hombalkar pointed out that the breakdowns were maximum in AC Cerita buses.\"These 272 AC buses are a huge liability for the BEST fleet. They suffer maximum breakdowns and we end up spending lakhs of rupees on spare parts replacement and repairs,'' he said. He suggested that the existing AC buses would soon be phased out and replaced with good Volvo AC buses which run on CNG. Gupta said there were plans to procure new buses for the fleet. \"We are phasing out old buses and the AC buses will also be phased out in a few years. We are considering purchasing new buses depending on the logistics and demand from passengers,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789367", "title": "HC refuses to lift gutka ban", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday declined to lift a blanket ban in the city on manufacture, sale, storage and display of all gutka products under the Food Safety and Standards (FSS) Act.The court, however, issued notice to the Delhi government, the Centre \u2014 through the ministry of health and family welfare \u2014 and the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India and sought their response by December 11 on the plea by a city-based gutka manufacturer, challenging the September 11 notification.\"Except for issuing notices, we are not inclined to pass any order as the notification (of September 11) was issued (by Delhi government) on the basis of the Centre's regulations, which is not under challenge,\" the bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw said while dismissing the stay application filed by Trimuti Fragrances Private Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794093", "title": "Lakkhichhara band members together again", "text": "At a time when band break-ups have become a norm rather than an exception, this bit of news comes as a pleasant surprise. Lakkhichhara, which started its journey way back in 1999 with a handful of school-goers \u2014 Sayak, Debaditya, Gabu, Panku and Nilanjan \u2014 has regrouped after 13 long years!While Sayak replaced Subhajit after the latter left for Mumbai early this year, Nilanjan is the latest to join back. Talking about the change in lineup, keyboardist and band manager Debaditya says, \"Nilanjan had left the band in 2009 since he wanted to pursue music independently.Back then, we found a replacement in Bua. But recently, we felt that musically, we weren't gelling too well. He too was of the same opinion. A month back, we approached Nilanjan and he agreed to replace Bua.\" It was almost the same as Sayak coming back. \"He left the band in 2000 as he had a deep interest in classical music. He wanted to do music on his own. Though after that, he went on to work with Cactus for quite a few years. But even if he was not part of the band, we felt our musical compatibility was strong. He was a natural choice for our lead vocalist,\" says Debaditya.Joining back has been fun, admits Sayak. \"Yes, I was part of the original lineup. We started out when I was in Class VIII. Rishabh is the only one in the current lineup to have joined us a little later,\" he says. Sayak, who left Cactus in 2010, was approached by Gabu a month before Subhajit left. \"It was more of a nostalgic trip to the past. Even if we were in touch all these years, there was no musical exchange. We would meet and talk about so many other things, but being in a band is completely different. Apart from being friends, we get to make music together. The best part is that both Nilanjan and I are back before the release of our next album that will come out post-Pujas. The album was supposed to come out early this month, but now it has been deferred till the Pujas,\" says Sayak. Curiously, the album features four rearranged songs from the band's earlier album, Megh Mallar, which had featured both Sayak and Nilanjan. \"Even if Bua played the guitar for the album, Nilanjan's coming back is bound to give our music a boost. Also, we are planning to come up with new videos and compositions. The idea is to focus on a new sound. My classical background will be as much an aid as Nilanjan's experience.\"Nilanjan too is excited about the work in the offing. He was coaxed by Rishabh to join back and he admits that it was indeed a sound decision. \"There's a lot of excitement. Now, when I go for rehearsals, it doesn't feel as if I wasn't there for three years. The vibes are the same. Our friendship has stood the test of time. It's a good feeling that Sayak too has returned. It would have been still better if Subhajit had stayed back. I share a great camaraderie with both. Musically too, that would have meant more variations.\"For drummer Gabu, a member leaving is more a matter of remorse than resentment. \"There are never hard feelings. There can never be since we all had started out together. We've known each other from school. Yes, it does feel bad when someone leaves. But that has never translated into bad vibes or misunderstandings. We have been extremely lucky that two important members of the team are back,\" he says.Thirteen, for some, might be an unlucky number. But Lakkhichhara plays on to sing a different tune", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16792367", "title": "Woman employee of cooperative bank held for fraud", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Thampanoor police on Friday arrested an employee of Thiruvananthapuram Service Cooperative Bank on charges of misappropriation of gold ornaments pledged with the bank. The accused, Geetha Remani (26), of Kovalam, is an employee of the morning branch of the bank at Thampanoor.Police said that Remani was in charge of the gold ornaments pledged with the bank. She had allegedly taken out about 150 sovereigns of gold ornaments from the locker and pledged it in private banks and received money. Police said that she was leading a luxurious lifewith the money she made by swindling the bank. She had recently purchased a new car and a piece of land in the city, which are suspected to have bought using the money she gained through the fraud.They also said that they have found out that she has amassed about Rs 15 lakh by pledging the ornaments at Johnson Finance at Attukal shopping complex at Fort and Ayillyath Finance at Karamana. A probe is on to fix the exact amount. It is also learned that she had lent about Rs 10 lakh to some of her colleagues.Circle inspector Sheen Tharayil said that the fraud came into light when she went on a 15 days leave. During that period some of the clients of the bank, who had pledged their ornaments there, approached the bank to pay off the loan and recover the gold. But, the bank authorities could not find the ornaments in the locker. On inspection, they found that about 150 sovereigns of gold was missing. Following this the bank manager filed a complaint with the police. Police on investigation identified that Remani was behind the fraud.She was produced before the court and later remanded in judicial custody. The CI added that the police have questioned several people, including the bank employees, and hinted that more people are likely to be indicted in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16791014", "title": "Army kills Bru militant in Karimganj district", "text": "SILCHAR: A Bru (Reang) militant was killed in an encounter with the army on Friday in Ratabari locality of Karimganj district of Assam. Another militant was apprehended during the operation.A local army unit in its endeavour to restore normalcy in Hailakandi and Karimganj districts of Barak Valley launched an operation and gunned down a militant identified as Manturam Reang, a resident of Ghuguti village in Hailakandi. Army also apprehended Bijuram Reang, a resident of the same area. The militants belonged to United Democratic Liberation Front (Breakaway) (UDLF-B), led by Dhonyoram Reang, which is active in Karimganj and Hailakandi districts bordering Mizoram and Tripura.A spokesman of the army said based on specific intelligence input received regarding the movement of cadres of UDLF(B) near Munaphichhara area within the jurisdiction of Ratabari police station in Karimganj district, joint operation of army and police was launched on Thursday night which resulted in elimination of a terrorist and apprehension of another in the wee hour of Friday.These rebels were reportedly involved in the kidnapping of Shekhar Deb of Cheragi locality in Karimganj district. Dev, an affluent trader was whisked away by suspected UDLA(B) militants from his home in Cheragi on September 2. He was released on October 7 in exchange of hefty ransom.Police and army recovered a rifle, a grenade, a pistol and some cell phone sets from the slain militant.The apprehended terrorist were handed over to police in Ratabari along with recovered arms and ammunition and the mobile hand sets.The body of the slain militant was later sent to Karimganj civil hospital for autopsy, the sources added.In February 8 this year, three UDLA (B) militants were killed in an encounter with the army at Upendra Basti village in Hailakandi district. Huge cache of arms was recovered from them.On August 19 last year, seven Bru militants were killed in an encounter with the army in remote Lalgenai locality under Ratabari block of Karimganj district.Bru militant outfit is engaged in extortion, kidnapping and killing activities in this part of Assam for over a decade now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789737", "title": "October examinations start but revaluation not over", "text": "MUMBAI: The October examinations at the University of Mumbai have begun but revaluation results for the exams that took place in summer are not yet out. The delay in declaration of revaluation results has forced many students to appear for the exam again.Take, for instance, the case of third year commerce (TYBCom) students. While the TYBCom exams started on October 1, many students are yet to get the results. The same is the case with third year Arts (TYBA) and Science (TYBSc) students.\"I paid the revaluation fee for two subjects but my results were not declared in time. I have no option but to sit for the exam again. I had made several trips to the university before the October exam but didn't get a clear picture,\" said a student.Subhash Deo, director of exam, said only few answerbooks remained to be assessed for Commerce, Arts and Science streams. \"How does that matter now,\" asked a student who is appearing for the exams again because of her result was not declared in time.The answerbooks for revaluation for engineering and law run into thousands. While university sources claimed revaluation work was moving at a slow pace, Deo said he was confident of declaring the remaining results before exams commence. The exams for engineering begin on November 22 and law on November 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16790886", "title": "Endeavour embarks on its final journey to Los Angeles museum", "text": "At its prime, the space shuttle Endeavour cruised around the Earth at 28,163 km per hour, faster than a speeding bullet. In retirement, it's crawling along at a sluggish 3.2kmph, a pace that rush-hour commuters can sympathize with. Endeavour's 19.3km road trip kicked off shortly before midnight on Thursday as it moved from its Los Angeles International Airport hangar en route to the California Science Centre, its ultimate destination, said Benjamin Scheier of the centre. The space craft was escorted by a security entourage as it moved across the tarmac but was briefly delayed after a minor problem developed with its trailer, LA police Sgt. Rudy Lopez said. The problem was quickly repaired and Scheier said it reached the street shortly after 2am.Mineral water prevents memory loss? Drinking a litre of mineral water daily can prevent cognitive decline in Alzheimer's patients by removing aluminium from their bodies, a new study has claimed. British researchers found drinking silicon-rich mineral water 'significantly reduced' the levels of neurotoxin aluminium in the body. Previous research has found that the presence of aluminium was linked to the plaques and tangles - two kinds of microscopic damage - in the brains of people with Alzheimer's disease. Patients who took part in the new study drank a litre of mineral water every day for 13 weeks - and the majority showed no further signs of cognitive decline, the Daily Mail reported.Costliest cocktail at 5,500 per glass: A new cocktail which uses ingredients dating back to before the French Revolution and costs a whopping 5,500 per glass is set to become the most expensive cocktail in the world. The cocktail Salvatore's Legacy by Salvatore Calabrese uses four ingredients: a 1778 Clos de Griffier Vieux Cognac, a 1770 Kummel liqueur, a circa-1860 Dubb Orange Curacao and two dashes of Angostura bitters dating from around 1900. The attempt was made at Salvatore's, Calabrese's bar at the Playboy Club London, in Mayfair, central London, the Skynews reported. The drink has set a new record for the most expensive cocktail in the world, Calabrese claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16789233", "title": "Thane civic body spends Rs 8k on each citizen", "text": "THANE: The Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC) spends more than 60% of its budget on improving the quality of life of its 18 lakh-plus citizens, with the per person expenditure exceeding Rs 7,800, said municipal commissioner R A Rajeev while presenting the Rs 2,177-crore civic budget for 2012-13 on Friday.The high per capital expense suggests that the Thane corporation spends a bulk of its budget on upgrading social infrastructure and other basic facilities to improve the quality of life here. In comparison, key cities like Mumbai, Pune and Nagpur fall way behind, he pointed out.The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation, Rajeev claimed, ranks lowest in the per capita spending with just about 35% of its total budget used up for its 1.25 crore-plus population. Effectively, the BMC spends just Rs 6,685 per person, way below Thane.Pune and Nagpur municipal corporations use up 52% and 40% of its budget respectively for its citizens with each person getting just about Rs 5,828 and Rs 2,107 of their total budgets, Rajeev said in his nearly two-hour speech in the general body of the TMC.Rajeev presented the corporation's budget plan for 2012-13 to the 130-member civic body on Friday, a good six months after the budget document was released by him in March, as the standing committee of the TMC could not be constituted due to political infighting.The Thane civic chief announced that the administration's proposal to shift to a capital value-based system of property tax assessment here has been called off.He said the general body of the corporation was unanimous in its decision to oppose the reform measures in tax assessment which would result in loss of revenue to the tune of Rs 32 crore in the present fiscal.Meanwhile, high political drama is expected to cast a shadow on the elections for the chairman of the TMC's standing committee scheduled for October 16, as the Opposition has nominated Congress corporator Ravi Phatak as its candidate against the Shiv Sena-BJP's Vilas Kamble, who was elected on a BSP ticket.At present, the Sena-BJP and Congress-NCP combines have a strength of eight members each in the standing committee. Given their equal numbers, the administration would have to elect the chairman of the crucial standing committee on the basis of a lottery draw.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789693", "title": "\u2018Angry bird\u2019 attack kills labourer", "text": "MUMBAI: A labourer died in a bizarre bird attack on Thursday. An eagle repeatedly attacked the labourer, painting the 14th floor of a building, causing him to lose his balance and fall, a day after he destroyed the bird's nest and eggs.Other labourers told police that on Wednesday, the deceased, Raju, forced the eagle to fly from its nest at at Spectra Building, Andheri (west) and then destroyed it. They added next morning the eagle returned to specifically target Raju while he standing on the bamboo. Workers said Raju tried to scare the bird but it continued attacking him and in the struggle he lost his balance and fell. Raju was taken to a hospital where he died, cops said.Oshiwara police registered an accidental death case and are likely to register a case of negligence against the contractor Javed Khan, who is untraceable. Police said if Khan had adopted all precautions, Raju could have survived the bird attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16789799", "title": "Row over old cellphone leads to murder", "text": "PATIALA: When youth want to lay their hands on the latest gadgets, a clash over an old cellphone led to a murder under Samana sadar police station of this district on late Thursday evening. Police have registered a murder case against six youths, but the involvement of an Akali leader seems to have complicated things.According to information, Manpreet Singh, 22, of Bahadurpur village had sold his mobile to Jagmale Singh of Kulara village in September 2011 for Rs 2,500, but he promised to make the payment in a few days. But Jagmale neither paid the amount to Manpreet nor did he return his mobile. On Thursday around 5pm when they met at a fair in Namada village, they had some heated arguments, but some villagers pacified them. But when Manpreet reached near Kulara village around 7.30pm, Jagmale along with seven others attacked him with baseball bats.\"Jagmale felt humiliated when Manpreet demanded his money in front of others. Earlier too Manpreet had asked his mobile back. We have also booked an Akali leader Bhura Singh for murder,\" said investigating officer Sukhwinder Singh, posted at Samana sadar police station. Those booked have been identified as Bhura Singh, Sharnjit Singh, Jagmale Singh, Jagtar Singh, Harpreet Singh and Charnjit Singh.At the time of attack, two of Manpreet's friends were also reportedly riding on his motorcycle. But as accused only targeted Manpreet, his unidentified friends escaped under the cover of darkness. They assailants kept on thrashing Manpreet with baseball bats till he fell unconscious. Some passersby informed Kulara village residents, who reached the spot and found Manpreet lying unconscious. They rushed him to Samana civil hospital, but doctors there declared him brought dead.\"There is no pressure on us. We have been conducting raids to arrest accused,\" said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790394", "title": "Native groups stress on local concerns", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is not in India alone that locals and indigenous communities are treated with indifference by the government. The problem, if anything, is universal, assert members of the International Indigenous Forum on Biodiversity (IIFB) who have congregated in the city from across the globe for CoP-11.Right from Australia to Europe to Africa and even South America, locals everywhere have been pushed away from their traditional zones and livelihoods to make way for developmental programmes. And, while the battle for exclusive growth in biodiversity, with the consent of locals, becomes a fiercer one for this forum, its members said they were not ready to give up just yet.For instance, while the ongoing convention has clearly communicated its stand on declaring July 13 (the date of the first official CBD local community expert meeting) as International Local Communities' Day as 'iffy', IIFB members continue to be hopeful. \"It will bring some recognition to local communities. It is very important and we can't lose hope just yet,\" said Gladman Chibememe, an activist from Chibememe village in Zimbabwe (South Africa).Back in his hometown, this young crusader has been fighting for natives living around protected parks and areas. \"We are demanding that these people be roped in for tourism and other ventures undertaken by the government in these protected zones. These locals must also be given employment and be consulted in all conservation plans,\" Chibememe said, adding that the focus of his work was around trans-frontier parks like the Great Limpopo Trans-Frontier Park.At another end of the atlas, in Australia, it is the fisherfolk who, much like their Indian counterparts, are locked in an endless struggle to keep their traditional occupation alive. Tired of the government's 'lip service' to the issue of protecting the rights of locals, the community there is now demanding implementation of the CBD principles which talk about involving natives in biodiversity conservation.\"The authorities have not just put a limit to how much people can fish, they have even set a rule wherein a local has to become a 'commercial fisherman' to be able to sell his catch. This is outrageous considering that these people have been living off fishing for decades,\" said Stephan Schnieren from Bundjalang in Australia who, as part of IIFB, is working on educating locals to fight for their rights. Schnieren told of how, in a recent episode, two fishermen were arrested for selling 'abalone' (a shellfish species typical to Australia) as they hadn't signed up for the 'commercial' tag.In Venezuela , the issue is not confined to the waters alone. Right from the mountains to the plateaus, land belonging to locals has been grabbed by private/government agencies to create big extensions for better monetary value. \"And this has been done without the consent of the inhabitants of the area,\" said Santiago Obispo, a local. He added how such action had led to violent conflict in the past between indigenous groups and officials, resulting in the death of over 200 people. According to the Venezuelan, natives of his area are not allowed to join politics either.Considering the poor state of affairs and despite the lapses of 10 CoPs, members of IIFB hoped that CoP-11 would end on a more promising note for them. \"Only if there is some action on the ground would this convention attain some meaning,\" said Teanau Tuiono, an office-bearer of the group which has a network that spans most continents of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16789065", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal\u2019s next target: Nitin Gadkari on Oct 16", "text": "NAGPUR: The suspense over India Against Corruption's next target ended on Friday. Reiterating that she has proof of her three meetings with BJP national president Nitin Gadkari, IAC activist Anjali Damania said she will be exposing his \"lies\" at a joint press conference with Arvind Kejriwal in New Delhi on October 16. While the news should come as a temporary breather for the Congress, it is bound to raise anxiety levels in the BJP.If IAC's charges against Gadkari sticks, it will further fuel the Congress-BJP war of words. It could also dent the Nagpur politician's ambitions. He has given enough indications that he will contest elections for the first time in 2014. The BJP president has already been targeted in the Coalgate scam as some of his close associates have got undue benefits.Damania had accused Gadkari of being hand-in-glove with former state deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar in the massive irrigation scam in Maharashtra for which the BJP chief had sent her a legal notice. \"I am prepared to meet him in court, there's no question of apologizing to him,\" she said. \"Within hours of receiving the notice, I have replied to Gadkari,\" added Damania.The IAC activist was ostensibly in the city to meet people to discuss plans for the proposed political party that Kejriwal wants to float for the 2014 elections. \"I have collected evidence against Gadkari, which was another purpose of my visit to Nagpur,\" she said, adding there are \"several people who want to take on the Congress and the BJP\".She said she had met Gadkari in Mumbai on August 14 through persons known to him. \"Gadkari was probably not aware that I was an IAC activist and said that he has business associations with those in the ruling coalition and, therefore, was unable to help me. He also advised me to not to proceed with my fight against corruption,\" Damania alleged.The IAC activist had gone to seek Gadkari's help to save 59 acres of land being acquired for an irrigation project. \"Everybody knows about politician-contractor nexus in all irrigation projects and Gadkari has close links with Rajya Sabha MP Ajay Sancheti and Maharashtra legislative council MLC Mitesh Bhangdia, both of whom are irrigation contractors,\" she claimed.Saying that she had not mentioned Gadkari by name in her first press conference in Mumbai, Damania said she had only referred to \"three top opposition members\". \"But it was Gadkari who replied. I was shocked to see he was lying about our meeting,\" she said, adding that now the BJP chief is apprehensive of meeting her. \"I had challenged Gadkari to meet me but has he failed to respond,\" she said.She also flayed leader of opposition in Maharashtra assembly Eknath Khadse for his \"immature\" remarks (\"I will drink the water used to wash Damania's feet if charges against Gadkari are proved\"). \"We also have enough material against Khadse, it will be revealed in due course,\" said Damania.Damania claimed that Ajit Pawar had twisted and modified the rules to suit contractors in irrigation projects. \"A majority of tenders were allotted to a particular group of contractors having strong political connections. Such illegal activities should immediately be stopped and they should be heavily penalized for substandard works,\" she said.Claiming that she and her husband, against whom the state government has launched an enquiry, are being victimized, Damania said, \"The politicians have only one agenda - to crush voices raised against them to save their own skins.\"'Ex-President family and others got sugar mills'IAC activist Anjali Damania dropped another bombshell alleging that there was a nexus in the allotment of sugar mills in Maharashtra as all of them were \"granted during auction\" to the kith and kin of top politicians, including former President Pratibha Patil.\"Not a single mill is awarded to a common man. All politicians, including those of union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar , former deputy CM Ajit Pawar, senior BJP leader Gopinath Munde and of course BJP chief Nitin Gadkari have got these mills,\" she alleged, without elaborating as she had to rush to catch a flight.TOI's attempts to contact Patil's son Rajendra Shekhawat , a Congress MLA from Amravati, proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16790078", "title": "Authority allots land for new RTO in Greater Noida", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Three months after Greater Noida Authority approved setting up of a new Regional Transport centre in the city for the benefit of residents who otherwise need to travel all the way to Noida for work like licence, vehicle registration, etc, it has finalized and handed over the required four acre space to the RTO officials. The Authority has allotted two adjacent shops in the building material market near the collectorate for the new regional transport centre.Both the Authority and regional transport department officials visited and approved the new spot on Tuesday. According to assistant regional transport officer Jai Shankar Tiwari, the new centre will come up within a month. The new centre will offer relief to residents of Greater Noida, Jewar, Dankaur, Dadri, etc as they will not have to get their driving licences from the ARTO in Sector 33 of Noida.In a meeting held in June, officials of Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation, the RTO and the district administration had proposed that the centre will be opened in Greater Noida for the convenience of the residents of Greater Noida and Jewar. The decision was made following repeated complaints and request from the residents for the need of a centre close by.The Greater Noida Authority had then provided the required four acre space in an unused bus depot and the RTO and the district magistrate had initially approved the spot. However, the construction work to create the required infrastructure could not begin as the authorities failed to reach an agreement at the lease amount payable to the Greater Noida Authority.\"While the spot inside the premises of the bus depot in Greater Noida was fine, the rent amount demanded by the Authority in accordance with their prevailing rates was quite steep. After adding the construction cost to it, the project seemed quite expensive and, hence, we requested the Authority to grant us an alternate space where the basic construction work is already complete,\" a transport department official said.\"The existing transport office in Noida is extremely congested and we hope that the new centre will absorb some of the burden of the Noida office,\" Tiwari said. \"Once the new centre is developed, licence-seekers will be able to apply and even complete all formalities like the driving test for learners' license, payment of fees, etc at the centre itself. The licence though, will finally be issued from the Noida office,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16792265", "title": "\u2018Chandigarh is the preferred destination for theatre\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rajit Kapur, veteran theatre and film actor, who was in city for his production, \" The Bureaucrat\", appreciated that Chandigarh had turned into a preferred destination for theatre companies like his own, but added that the city needs more theatres so that more shows could be staged.\"We will try to bring all our plays to Chandigarh. I have been to the city many times as an actor but this time I have come as a producer. I will be back next month acting in a Naseeruddin Shah production alongside him,\" said Rajit, who is one of the founders of Rage Theatre Productions.\"We will be producing two Hindi plays in the coming months, \"Jaal\" and \"Mahuaa\", and will be surely be bringing these to Chandigarh,\" he said.Talking about the play, \"The Bureaucrat\" he said, \"The play is directed by Rahul Da Cunha and written by Anuvab Pal who has also written movies. The cast is excellent and was selected after a long and arduous casting process.\" The cast includes Bhargava Krishna, Jaswinder Singh, Neil Bhoopalam, Shivani Tanksale, Aseem Hattangady, Natasha Azad and Sukant Goel. The play was staged at Tagore Theatre on Friday by Durga Das Foundation.Bhargava Krishna, who plays the lead character of \"The bureaucrat\", said, \"The cast is perfect and we have had so much fun throughout our rehearsals and performances. The play is a satire, and has some thought provoking dialogues. My favourite part of the play is the ending. It leaves you with the message that there is nothing wrong with the system. The solution is the awakening of the individual himself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789199", "title": "Drive to check mosquito breeding picks up pace", "text": "NEW DELHI: With dengue cases on the rise, municipal corporations have decided to strengthen the drive to check mosquito breeding. In the last one month, North Delhi Municipal Corporation has issued over 100 challans and legal notices to government offices for mosquito breeding.\"We had issued a legal notice to a junior engineer at Rajniwas as mosquitoes were breeding in his office. Notices have also been served to hospitals like Aruna Asaf Ali and Hindu Rao and government schools and offices,'' said an official. In a recent meeting, commissioner of North corporation, P K Gupta, directed all the deputy commissioners and deputy health officers to keep a check on the status of dengue on a daily basis.Officials say that with a dip in merury, the weather is conducive for mosquito breeding. \"People have to be more careful. They should not store water for long. Due to a fall in temperature, people are not using coolers. We have asked our domestic breeding checkers to specifically examine coolers,\" said a health officer. On Friday, 33 fresh dengue cases were reported.While hospitals claim there has been a surge in the number of dengue cases in the last few weeks, corporations say the strain is not serious. \"Our reports are based on the data sent to us by hospitals. As per the government rule, we accept NS1-Elisa test as confirmatory. So far, 358 cases have been reported,'' said Dr N K Yadav, MHO, South corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789237", "title": "Professionals opting for CAT on the rise", "text": "MUMBAI: Two years ago, around 22% of the total applicants who took the Common Admission Test (CAT) were working professionals. This year, around 33% applicants with work experience of more than six months are appearing for the ongoing CAT. The increase shows that more professionals are taking a break from their work to acquire a B-school degree.The data, compiled by IIM-Kozhikode, which is organizing this year's CAT, shows that around 71,555 students of the 2.14 lakh who will be taking the exam this month have over six months of work experience. At the same time, 1.42 lakh candidates have zero to six months of work experience. Candidates in this group are considered freshers by the instituteSSS Kumar, convener of CAT 2012, said, \"MBA education in the country is evolving. In Western countries, a classroom in any B-school had predominantly experienced people. In India, we see more freshers pursuing the education. The scenario is likely to change.\" He added that he is yet to analyze the data further to study the trend. Most number of the candidates taking the exam belong to the National Capital Region (NCR), followed by Bangalore and then Mumbai. Hyderabad and Pune has the fourth and fifth highest numbers of applicants.Like every year, this year too, most CAT applicants are predominantly from the engineering background.Around 1.44 lakh of the total applicants are engineers, said Kumar. Last year, about 1.31 lakh engineers took the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789300", "title": "Mother made me think like a champion: Saina Nehwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is well-known that Saina Nehwal's father played a critical role in the making and shaping of the top badminton player. But few know that her mother had a vital role in making her think like a champion as the Olympic bronze medallist reveals in her farm-fresh autobiography, Playing to Win.\"It was mummy who was instrumental in making me think like a champion. I remember once asking her what the difference was between me and the world No. 1 player, and she didn't laugh at the question or think I was setting goals too high. Instead, she looked me in the eye and told me exactly how the best player in the world was better than me.\"It made me feel that I could dream big, and I did begin to do so. I knew I had a lot of work ahead to get to the top, the road was opening in front of me and i stepped on it with some confidence, thanks to Mummy,\" she writes.The Hyderabad-based player reveals that she couldn't sleep the night after shooter Abhinav Bindra had struck gold for India in Beijing 2008.\"When Abhinav won his gold, several spectators rushed to give me the news. I was so happy for him but I was also disgusted with myself for having lost in the quarterfinals. That night, I just couldn't sleep. I kept thinking of my game and how I could have played differently,\" she remembers.In her autobiography, the ace badminton player also reveals that she always carries a Handycam and it's used by her sports analyst to record her games. Her laptop is a MacBook Air.\"I use it to watch reruns of my games, to study performances. My iPad has loads of apps. My favourites are Fruit Ninja, Angry Birds, Sumo Wrestling and Talking To,\" says Saina, who owns a fleet of BMW X-6.In her autobiography, the badminton champion also lists other sportspersons she admires: Roger Federer , Sachin Tendulkar , Rafael Nadal , Maria Sharapova , Steffi Graf , Mary Kom, Abhinav Bindra, Serena Williams , Michael Schumacher , Kapil Dev , Yuvraj Singh and Viswanathan Anand.Of Tendulkar, she writes, \"He is so calm and composed on the field. And a genius player (sic) to boot. I admire his strength and control. I watched him on TV when he scored his 100th century. We were in Switzerland cheering for him, and it was a proud moment for us when he reached that landmark. So many achievements and yet he is so humble.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791874", "title": "Abducted, says girl; police say no proof", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class 10 schoolgirl told police that she had been kidnapped by three men from the Cheyyur bus stand in Madurantakam on Tuesday morning.In the complaint, 15-year-old Preethi (name changed) said an SUV pulled up near the bus stand around 9am and three men bundled her into the vehicle. She alleged that the abductors put her in a gunny sack and pushed her out of the vehicle near the Madurantakam railway gate a short while later.Doctors said the girl did not have any external injuries and there were no signs of sexual abuse. An investigating officer said there were no witnesses to the abduction though Preethi claimed she had been kidnapped from a bus stand during a busy hour in the morning.However, locals told police they saw some men in an SUV dump something in a gunny sack near the railway gate. The girl's father, Mari, a daily wage worker, told police that some people who lived nearby opened the gunny sack and found his daughter inside. She was unconscious, so they rushed her to Government Taluk Headquarters Hospital from where she was referred to the Chengalpet Medical College and Hospital.\"Preethi regained consciousness at the hospital in the evening but was still dazed,\" the officer said, adding that she could only give police a disjointed account of what had happened. Police registered a case of kidnapping and launched a hunt for the abductors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16791264", "title": "Parcel plot to implicate lover's hubby backfires", "text": "RANCHI: Love sometimes also flows out of the barrel of a gun. Well, not quite literally. But a packet containing a revolver and some drugs, delivered to a lady love's husband in Ranchi from a youth in Rourkela in Odisha, created a flutter on Friday. The packet was meant for Satyanarayan Sahu but it was received by his wife, Puja Devi, who raised an alarm. The Sahus live in New Anand Nagar in Harmu. When Sahu was informed, he returned home and brought the matter to the notice of the police.Sahu claimed he was innocent. The police also said that Sahu, a medical representative, does not have any criminal record. On investigation it was found that Puja Devi, who was married to Sahu in 2009, was having an affair with a youth in Rourkela, who had sent the packet to implicate Sahu in a criminal case. Message and call details of her mobile phone proved her extra-marital relationship.The officer-in-charge of the Sukhdeo Nagar police station, A K Giri, said, \"Sahu and his family do not have any criminal records.\" The police have also scanned the phone records of Sahu, but there was nothing incriminating Ranchi SSP, Saket Kumar Singh, said, \"SMS and call details of Puja Devi's mobile phone clearly indicate that she has a boyfriend with whom she used to chat.\"The police added that the revolver and drugs were packed in Ranchi and delivered by a friend of Puja Devi's paramour. The police tracked his mobile number and found that he was staying in Ranchi for the past few days. He had even called up a few media persons in the state capital to inform them that a revolver had been delivered in a packet to a person in the New Anand Nagar locality.\"Around 11 am, a youth came and said he had a packet for Satyanarayan Sahu. He was in a hurry. So I received it,\" said Puja Devi. The packet did not contain details of the courier company and the sender. When asked why she received a packet from an unknown person, she said, \"I am not educated and so I do not know the rules.\"She claimed she had no idea that there would be a revolver inside the packet.The Ranchi SSP said, \"We are keeping a watch on railway stations and bus stops. The sender will be arrested.\" The police added that Puja Devi had been in this relationship for long, even before her marriage. She is being questioned. \"The text messages even say that she considered her husband a hurdle in her relationship,\" said a police source.An FIR has been lodged", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16791094", "title": "Summit brings academia, corporate world together", "text": "VARANASI: The two-day Industry-Academia (IA) Summit 2012 organised by the Faculty of Management Studies, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) in association with Placement Coordination Cell, BHU began at the varsity's KN Udupa auditorium on Friday.Several eminent personalities from corporate and academic world including the chairman of All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), Dr SS Mantha were present at the summit organized to facilitate interaction between academic institutions and the corporate world. Laying emphasis on the present education system, Mantha in his keynote address said due to economic constraints, several students have to cut short their pursuit of higher education. He also discussed changes required in the Indian education system.A book titled 'Economic development through educational excellence' was also released on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16795006", "title": "Palakkad Railways pension adalat on Dec 17", "text": "MANGALORE: Palakkad Railway Division will conduct Pension Adalat-2012 at Railway Institute, Hemambika Nagar Railway colony, Palakkad, on December 17 to redress the grievances of Railway pensioners.Any railway pensioner/family pensioner/beneficiaries, who retired from Palakkad division, may submit their grievances in the prescribed form on or before October 31to Sr.Divisional Personnel Officer, Southern Railway, Palakkad-678002.In the pension adalat specific grievances of the individual pensioner with regard to non-payment or improper payment of settlement dues will be dealt with. Authorized representatives of the Standing Committee of Voluntary Agencies (SCOVA) and recognized unions may also attend the Pension Adalat.Illiterate pensioners, widows, minors etc. who are not capable to effectively prepare and present their cases can take the assistance of SCOVA and Trade unions to present their grievances. The adalat will not take up the issues related to policy matters, grievances related compassionate ground appointments, pending disciplinary cases, legal points, claims pertaining to period beyond the preservation of records etc. If any doubt regarding this pension adalat, pensioners are requested to contact Staff Welfare Inspector over Phone No.9746763607.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16790251", "title": "Ahmedabad hotel gets threat letter from terror outfit", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city hotel received a threat letter allegedly from a terror outfit two days back. Senior police officials on Friday visited the spot with bomb disposal squad, but did not find any objectionable material.Staff of Courtyard by Marriott approached senior police officials on Friday and informed them about the letter. The senior officials then directed Satellite police officials to visit the hotel and assess the situation.Satellite police station inspector D I Sisodiya told TOI that they have not yet received the letter to know the exact content. \"We are, however, told that the letter was from Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM), a terror outfit that warned the hotel against hosting any US national or else be ready for consequences. We visited the hotel in the morning with teams of Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad and sniffer dogs. However, we've not found anything objectionable. Yet, we've asked the hotel staff to be vigilant,\" he said.In an official statement, the hotel authorities have said, \"Numerous establishments including us have received a letter from a militant outfit citing a security threat to the international fraternity in the city. While we continue to ensure topmost security and safety of our customers through our internal procedures, we will cooperate with local authorities for any measures that need to be implemented.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16789858", "title": "Fleeced &amp; fuming, many citizens boycott autos", "text": "Bullied by drivers, ignored by the government and suffocating under rising costs, the commuter is fighting back. Less than 24 hours after the highest ever hike in fares for taxis and autos, a huge section of citizens is boycotting them and have resolved not to take autos/taxis for as long as they can. Many others kept away to keep to their budgets.The results were apparent from Thursday evening - several stands on feeder routes saw long queues of empty autos and drivers waiting up to 15 minutes for a passenger.\"Outside Goregaon station, at least four to five passengers would run after an auto daily, pleading with the driver to take them to their destination. On Thursday night, there were three auto drivers calling out to me to pick one of them,\" said Shrikant Khare, an office-goer with disbelief writ on his face.Businessman Nilesh Somaiya, preparing to walk to his office from Dadar station, said: \"Drivers are so rude and they have harassed us enough - with refusals and meter-tampering. The fare hike was the final straw. Sorry, we are not interested in taking autos /taxis; we will walk instead.\"Mulund resident Narayan Krishnan narrated an \"unbelievable\" scene. \"It is difficult to get a share auto between 8 and 9 pm at the stand on J N Road and at least 10 people are waiting. On Thursday night, I saw 10 autos waiting instead.\"The share auto stands at Mulund, Goregaon, Vile Parle (East) and Thane, among others, are usually bustling, but passenger volumes dipped on Thursday night and continued on Friday afternoon.Said commuter rights activist Sunil Mone: \"It is public anger which has resulted in commuters boycotting autos. The fare hike was uncalled for, especially hikes up to 40% of regular fares. It is burning a hole in our pockets.\"In some areas, passengers boycotted share autos because drivers demanded excess fares as high as 60%. \"It is ridiculous. How can the shared auto fare at Bandra (Pali Mala to station) increase from Rs 6 to Rs 10 overnight?\" complained a passenger.Share autos don't have tariff cards and any rate fixed by a group of drivers on a particular route for over a week becomes the permanent fare. Other examples of such high fares are on routes like Bandra station to Linking Road (Rs 15 to Rs 20 per passenger), Bandra station to Mount Mary (Rs 10), Andheri station to Link Road (Rs 30 per passenger).If you go by the RTO-approved formula for share autos, the fare from Pali Mala to Bandra station should increase from Rs 6 to Rs 7. \"But there are several drivers, hand-in-glove with cops and RTO officials, who demand anything between Rs 10 and Rs 15 per passenger,\" claimed activist Aftab Siddique in Bandra.An end to the confusion over meter reading, and consequently the fleecing, remained vague. About 191 autos came in for recalibration on Friday. Importantly, 48 defective or tampered meters were 'killed', said RTO officials.In Kalyan, citizens demonstrated outside Dombivli station, requesting commuters to avoid autorickshaws and take buses instead. Many among the 200 protesters complained that share autos were running on arbitrary fares.They met the Kalyan deputy RTO and sought action against the errant drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "16791098", "title": "Pakistan clerics issue fatwa against Taliban on Malala", "text": "LAHORE: Declaring as \"un-Islamic\" the bid to assasinate teenage rights activist Malala Yousufzai, over 50 Sunni clerics in Pakistan have issued a fatwa terming the Taliban's interpretation of Islam as \"repugnant\" to the teachings of the faith.In the religious decree, the clerics appealed to the country to observe Friday as \"Condemnation Day\" to express solidarity with the girl.The clerics, from the Sunni Ittehad Council, said, \"Islam doesn't prohibit women from getting education. The attackers transgressed the Islamic Hudood (principles).\" They also said Islam strictly forbids taking the life of any innocent person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789345", "title": "Man held for murder says uncle fell off building", "text": "MUMBAI: Shahjeb (20), accused of killing film producer Sajid Nadiadwala's father-in-law Aziz Khan, has told cops the latter fell off the fourth floor of the building while he was inside his flat.Khan's daughter, Wardha, is married to Nadiadwala. On Tuesday, Khan was allegedly pushed from the passage of Shahjeb's Versova flat. Khan fell through the stairwell and later died. Shahjeb, the son of Khan's brother, Khalid, was arrested for murder.On Tuesday, when Khan arrived at Khalid's flat, Shahjeb opened the door and told him Khalid wasn't home. Khan tried to enter the house, leading to an argument between the two, after which Shahjeb allegedly pushed Khan to death.Shahjeb told cops that when Khan came to his house, he told him his father wasn't home. He said Khan left and he closed the door, only to be told that Khan had fallen off the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791636", "title": "Will Ram Dal parade on broken roads this time?", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Though only a few days are left for Dussehra and the festivity that precedes it, condition of the roads continues to deteriorate putting a question-mark on how Ram Dal processions would be taken out. The procession that has a history in the city is taken out in the Old City areas of Chowk, Kotwali, Johnstonganj but the roads in these localities are in a dilapidated condition.The situation has much to do with the callous attitude of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) and Public Works Department (PWD) authorities as no serious measures have been taken in this direction.The most pathetic condition is of Chaddha Road stretching from Kotwali to Attarsuiya. Though only some portion of the road has been repaired but the vast stretch is lying still unattended. When the road was dug up some days ago, the earth was shoveled on the roadsides, making the stretch entirely out of bounds. Motorcycle, scooter and cycle riders face problem traversing on these roads and some of the riders have also fallen from their vehicles into the ditch. It is impossible to take four-wheelers on the road. Similar is the condition of other roads on which the procession would be taken out.The procession comprises numerous tableaux showcasing the scenes out of the Ramayan. The tableaux are set on tractors and bullock carts which will have to pass on roads on which it is hard even to walk.Secretary of Pajawa Ramleela Committee Rajesh Mehrotra observed that \"Condition of the roads is deplorable and we have requested agencies concerned to undertake measures to repair roads particularly those on which Ram Dal procession would be taken out, but they have not been repaired.Expressing concern over the matter, former corporator and social activist Kamesh Singh says, \"The condition of roads in the Allahpur is bad and roads on which the Ram Dal procession would be taken out have not been repaired.\"Talking to TOI, spokesperson of the Allahabad Municipal Corporation SL Yadav informed that steps would be taken to repair the roads on which Ram Dal procession is to be taken out. Patch work of the damaged roads would begin soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16789126", "title": "Cooler nights on the anvil as monsoon set to leave", "text": "PANAJI: The stage appears set for the withdrawal of the south west monsoon from the state during the next two or three days, sources at the meteorological centre said.On Friday, the monsoon had receded from parts of Maharashtra, including Mumbai and Pune, as well as areas of some other states, the met department has declared.The meteorological centre at Altinho expects the withdrawal of monsoon over Goa within the next three days. \"If there is no further development, it may withdraw by Monday,\" K V Singh, director, meteorological centre, said.The conditions are favourable for the further withdrawal of monsoon from the remaining parts of Bihar , Maharashtra, Karnataka, Goa and the central Arabian sea during the next two to three days.Rainfall has reduced during the last few days, and only some isolated showers are expected, with a decrease in cloud cover. \"The night temperatures may fall soon,\" Singh said. Day temperatures have risen almost two degrees above normal. While a maximum temperature of 31 degrees Celsius is considered normal at this stage, the met department recorded 32.8 degrees Celsius both on Thursday and Friday.Goa received normal rainfall this year, but less compared to last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16791032", "title": "Chief minister lays stress on AIIMS like institutes in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: They welcomed him with a longer round of applause, yet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav disappointed the faculty members at King George's Medical University on Friday. The teachers were hoping that the chief minister would fulfil at least a few of their long pending demands. Sources in the medical education department revealed that senior officials were preparing a list of probable things that the chief minister could announce on the occasion.However, the Gonda CMO abduction case kept the government too busy in the damage control.One of the most speculated demand related to opening KGMU's satellite campus. The medical university administration has already submitted a proposal to this effect. The proposal stated that considering the increasing burden of patients and shrinking resources, a second campus is needed. But, the chief minister did not even refer to it. However, he stressed on the need for opening more AIIMS like institutions in Poorvanchal, Bundelkhand and Ruhelkhand regions.The teachers were expecting that the government may announce revision of pay scales of faculty and staff members to match institutions like Sanjay Gandhi Post-Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences and All India Institute of Medical Sciences. University's vice chancellor, Prof DK Gupta, voiced the demand in his welcome address as well. \"Pay scale at par with the other institutions would help us checking the brain drain,\" said the VC but the efforts failed to evoke a response.The teachers were however extremely thankful to the Samajwadi Party government for returning their 'Georgian' tag back to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791769", "title": "Four-fold rise in dengue in south, schoolboys most affected: Azad", "text": "CHENNAI: The number of dengue cases had increased almost four-fold in the south this year and most victims of vector-borne diseases are school students, Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has said. He also urged schools to give students, particularly boys, full pants and shirts to prevent being exposed to dengue-spreading mosquito.Dengue is transmitted by the bite of an Aedes Aegypti mosquito that breeds mostly in water in man-made containers. The mosquito draws blood only during the day, the peak biting periods being the first two hours of dawn and last two hours of dusk. Schoolchildren, Azad said, were more \"susceptible\" to mosquito bites as they wore shorts and half-sleeve shirts. \"At least for the next two to three months, schools should be advised to tell parents to see children are fully dressed,\" he said.The minister was here on Friday to speak to health ministers and secretaries of southern states. \"It's not a panic situation, but we want to ensure we take adequate preventive steps. States will be allowed to use National Rural Health Mission funding for employment of human resources and mosquito control,\" he said. The health ministry will also consider developing a national programme for control of dengue on the lines of the national malaria control programme, he said.The media wasn't allowed to the meeting. But a PIB release quoted Azad as saying that against the 33 deaths and 2,858 cases of dengue reported from the five southern states till September last year, 77 deaths and 12,500 cases were reported this year. He urged municipal corporations and local bodies to ensure prevention of breeding, increase surveillance and diagnostic facility, and reduce deaths. Training should be organized for doctors and nursing in government and private sector, Azad said.Doctors from Tamil Nadu said one of the biggest challenges in managing dengue was multiple-sera type infections. There are four distinct, but closely related, serotypes of the virus that cause dengue \u2014 DEN-1, DEN-2, DEN-3 and DEN-4. Recovery from infection by one provides lifelong immunity against that particular serotype. However, cross-immunity to the other serotypes after recovery is only temporary. Subsequent infections by other serotypes increase the risk of developing severe dengue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789583", "title": "45 irrigation officials may be forced out", "text": "MUMBAI: Forty-five senior officials of the water resources department may be shunted out or at least asked to proceed on leave in the wake of the irrigation scam. A week ago, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan approved a proposal to conduct a high level departmental probe against them. The officials, including water resources secretary D P Shirke and chief engineers M E Shaikh and G S Lokhande, are named in reports of the Vadnere and Mendhegiri committees that were appointed to investigate irregularities pertaining to irrigation projects.\"In the past, erring officials were either asked to proceed on leave or were shunted out so that investigations could be impartial. Chavan will take the final decision about the 45,\" a bureaucrat told TOI.After TOI reported on the irrigation scam, the water resources department in June ordered a probe against 68 engineers and officials. When Chavan marked out 45 for a fresh probe, senior bureaucrats raised the question of their continuance in the department given the possibility of the investigation being influenced.About Shirke, who was earlier the executive director of the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation, a bureaucrat said, \"He is the head of the department. As such, all orders for a departmental probe will be issued under his signature. So, it will be wrong to allow him to continue in Mantralaya.\"Shirke said he had no plans to proceed on leave; also, neither the water resources department nor the chief minister's office had asked him to do so.At the moment, there are two secretaries in the water resources department: Eknath Patil, besides Shirke. There are reports that Patil will soon take over as the member of the state water commission. In the event, Shirke will have the reins of the entire water resources department.On the status of the probe after Chavan's order, a bureaucrat said that an official of the rank of additional chief secretary or a committee of experts was yet to be appointed to conduct the investigation, but the department had started preliminary work. \"We expect that within a week, the department will serve show cause notices to all 45 and ask them for replies within 15 days. Once the replies are received, the probe will be entrusted to a bureaucrat or a committee appointed by the government. We are keen on the probe to be completed in a year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16791130", "title": "'Register FIR against overloaded vehicles'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Transport minister Mahendra Aridaman Singh has asked the transport department officers to ensure that no vehicle operates without reflectors. He said that none of the vehicles without reflectors should get a registration and fitness certificate. Reflectors are necessary to check accidents. He also asked transport department officers to act against the vehicles that flout the provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act in a recent meetingon Thursday.Singh asked the officers to lodge an FIR against the overloaded vehicles. tnnOn the issue of issuing driving licence, he said that regional transport offices should hold driving tests twice a week. Besides, RTO will have to follow all rules to issue a DL. The minister also asked to speed up the process to introduce meter-autos.He also asked the officers to take strict action against vehicles creating pollution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789493", "title": "No trace of Dayanand Patil", "text": "PUNE: The whereabouts of Dayanand Patil (33), the lone injured person in the JM Road serial blasts, is still not known.Patil, who had sustained minor injuries in the incident, had been admitted to the Sassoon General Hospital. The state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) had taken Patil into their custody for questioning after he was discharged.Patil, a resident of Mhetre Chawl in Urali Kanchan, used to live in a single-room rented house with his wife and daughter. On August 1, he had picked up a plastic bag containing a bomb and had sustained injuries when it exploded near the Balgandharva chowk.An officer from the ATS, Pune, told TOI that Patil was released after questioning. \"He had told us he would go to his native place in Karnataka. We do not know anything about him.\" the officer said.Sources said that Patil had not gone back to his native place in Bidar, Karnataka, although his wife and daughter did. No one knows where Patil is. tnnHis house is locked and their luggage is still lying there.Meanwhile, Patil's sewing machine is lying idle outside the laundry, where he used to do small tailoring work. The shopkeeper told TOI that Patil did not approach him to take back his sewing machine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16791933", "title": "Regional transport officer cracks whip on 37 trucks over load norm violation", "text": "NASHIK: Despite the fact that overloaded vehicles are a major cause of road mishaps, many motorists and transport companies continue to violate load norms. Nashik's regional transport officer, Chandrakant Kharatmal, therefore conducted a surprise check on the Mumbai Agra national highway between Dwarka and Ghoti Toll Naka which resulted in action being taken against 37 overload trucks and buses.Deputy regional transport officer Jayant Patil informed that the action was taken on Tuesday and Wednesday. The surprise checks were conducted by the Vayu Veg team of the RTO in Nashik which included senior officials such as d eputy RTO officer Subhash Pedamkar, assistant RTO officer Satish Pandora, assistant RTO officer Madhukar Waghmare and three other flying squads with three motor vehicle Inspectors and three assistant motor vehicle inspectors. The operation resulted in a total fine collection of over Rs four lakh in the 37 cases.Under the guidance of Kharatmal, teams were deployed at different parts of the stretch between Dwarka and Ghoti toll naka to keep a check on overload trucks and defaulting buses, which were then intercepted at the toll naka. Sources from the RTO said that a large number of overloaded trucks were seen plying during the night hours following which it was decided to conduct the campaign during the night.Patil said that though action against overloaded vehicles is a continual process, they would intensify such operations in the future in view of the road accidents and also the fact that overloaded vehicles also damage the road and were responsible for frequent traffic disruption.Nashik has two industrial areas in Ambad and Satpur. Apart from these, industrial areas like Malegaon and Sinnar also exist 30km away from the city, because of which a large number of overloaded commercial vehicles ply on the Mumbai-Agra highway and Nashik-Pune highway which pass through the city.Moreover, overloaded vehicles are also seen on city roads on a large scale. This will be the the focus of action in the future, RTO officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16791217", "title": "High court slaps Rs 3-lakh fine on sub-inspector", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court allowed a petition filed by a police inspector against the order of the lower court and ordered a compensation of Rs 3 lakh to be paid by the state government to a prisoner who was wrongly implicated in a murder case by the policeman while he was already undergoing imprisonment.The petitioner, T Murugan, an inspector, said he was sub-inspector when a case was filed against one Sathya in 2001 for murder when he was already undergoing imprisonment for assaulting his wife. It was submitted on behalf of Sathya that he was wrongly implicated in the murder case as he was in prison at the time of the murder. The lower court ordered the Dindigul SP to take action against the petitioner for his wrong action. The sessions judge of Dindigul also ordered the state government to pay a compensation of Rs 3 lakh to Sathya and recover the same from the petitioner.However, the petitioner who is now with the Tamil Nadu Railway police submitted that he was not responsible for impleading Sathya in the case and that it was his superior, the inspector of Dindigul West Town police station, who was responsible for it. The charge-sheet was framed by the inspector and he had not played any role in it, the petitioner claim.The petitioner further contended that the assistant sessions judge had no power to impose fine or discharge Sathya from the case. He further said he did not have any grudge against Sathya or enmity to implicate him in a case.In his order, sessions judge of Dindigul asked the state government to pay Rs 3 lakh to Sathya and recover the same from the sub-inspector's salary. The judge also directed the Dindigul superintendent of police to take action against petitioner-inspector.Justice A Selvam, before whom the petition came up for hearing, directed the lower court to implead all the police officers responsible for the case and complete the enquiry in one month and pass orders on merit. He also made it clear that this order would not affect the order of the lower court, which included discharging Sathya from the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16791010", "title": "Narcotics and Affairs of Border urges people to fight drug abuse", "text": "IMPHAL: Officials of Narcotics and Affairs of Border (NAB), a unit under Manipur Police department, has appealed to people to help fight drug trafficking and abuse in the state. The NAB officials also urged the people to inform them if they found any instances of peddling and trafficking of drugs.The NAB's appeal came following the seizure of huge quantity of drugs in the state in recent times.On Wednesday, NAB sleuths seized spasmo proxyvon (SP) capsules, a psychotropic drug commonly used by youngsters, from Imphal airport. Based on specific information, the NAB personnel arrested a man, along with drugs brought from New Delhi, at the airport, officials said.The drug peddler has been identified as M K Islouddin of Lilong village in Thoubal district. Initial investigation revealed that the seized capsules were worth over Rs 3 lakh in the grey market and that they were procured from different chemist shops in New Delhi, an NAB source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16789528", "title": "Andy Murray takes steps in his stride", "text": "SHANGHAI: The feet were heavy and the manner whimsical; the boy-in-a-toy-shop sulk was sufficiently showcased as the world No. 3 and the reigning US Open champion Andy Murray moaned and groaned his way past Czech veteran Radek Stepanek in the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000.The 25-year-old Scot finally outstayed his 34-year-old opponent nicknamed 'Steps', sealing a place in the semifinals with a 4-6, 6-2, 6-3 win in a twister of a clash at the Qizhong stadium.Murray, who now has an unbeaten 11-0 record in Shanghai, a run that has fetched him two titles in 2010 and 2011, was all smiles and charm once he was done on court. He wished his long-time girlfriend Kim Sears happy birthday, jotting down his wishes on a courtside camera. \"I didn't tell her I was going to write that. I hadn't really thought about it until I finished the match, it was a surprise,\" the Scot explained.Murray, who arrived for the post-match conference in a black sweat suit that amply reflected his mood on the court, said, \"It was a scrappy first couple of sets. In the second set, I managed to get a break and a bit of momentum. The beginning of the third set was what was most frustrating. I held the first game, then was up love-40 on his serve after having broken him in the last two service games. I played a couple of really poor shots and he got that game. Then I got broken the following game. That period of the match was tough. I managed to turn it around in time.\"Next up for the Scot is the Roger Federer, who put out Croatia's Marin Cilic 6-3, 6-4. Earlier, fourth-seeded Czech Tomas Berdych moved past Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga 6-3, 7-6 (7-4) to set up a semifinal clash against the world No. 2 Novak Djokovic, who put out German Tommy Haas 6-3, 6-3.Results:Quarterfinals: Tomas Berdych (Cze) bt Jo-Wilfried Tsonga (Fra) 6-3, 7-6 (7-4); Andy Murray (GBR) bt Radek Stepanek (Cze) 4-6, 6-2, 6-3; Novak Djokovic (Srb) bt Tommy Haas (Ger) 6-3, 6-3; Roger Federer (Sui) bt Marin Cilic (Cro) 6-3, 6-4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16782235", "title": "5 reasons you should walk in the festive season", "text": "As we gear up for the festive season, there is one thing that completely slips our mind, and that is looking after our health.Fitness per se takes a backseat as we indulge ourselves in sweets and other treats, giving our otherwise daily workout routine a miss. Experts say, even if it may be difficult to maintain your fitness schedules, taking time out for a brief stroll everyday can do wonders to your body while ridding it of all the fatigue and stress.We tell you how best you can benefit from walking.Reason 1: Contribute to environmentStance: When you walk you are also contributing to the planet's health. Simple measures like swapping your car drive to smaller distances by walking can help the environment. Just imagine a place like Delhi with over million vehicles plying on the road very day. What could be the impact if we pledge to walk a smaller distance wherever possible and not use vehicles?Proof points: If we all swapped one car journey a week to walking, traffic levels would reduce by at least 10 per cent. One person switching five journeys of under 2 km a week from the car to walking would reduce their carbon footprint by 86 kg of carbon dioxide a year. The average car produces three tonnes of carbon dioxide a year; walking produces none.Ajit Kumar, President The Oceanic Group, Non profit society focusing on sustainable development, \"Walking has multifarious advantages, especially if we look at substituting it for short distance commuting in a place like Delhi where vehicular pollution is a great concern. If you walk it only adds to your well being and health but also contributes to reducing carbon dioxide emission significantly. So everyone should walk for their health and also for the planet's health.\"Reason 2: Reduce stress and be healthyStance: Walk is a magic pill, a panacea for reducing the risk so many lifestyle diseases.Proof points: What if you were to find a magic pill that can reduce your risk of getting into depression , heart disease by 30 per cent and diabetes by as much as 50 per cent?In the rat race of life, we tend to take important things like health for granted. We hate the deadlines and the pressures but cannot avoid it. We are on the move constantly and the stress finally gets to us in the form of the various chronic lifestyle diseases we are now struggling with.Most Indians also work very long hours in high pressure jobs generally up to 6 days a week, leaving them with no time for regular leisure time physical activity. Time consuming long distance commutes to work make it even more difficult to squeeze a gym workout into our schedules. This makes walking a significant source of the minimum exercise needed by our bodies.Urbanisation has cost us dearly too. In India, cities initially built for walking and cycling have become overrun by cars, at the expense of walkers. The greater use of cars has resulted in a decrease in walking and corresponded with rising obesity levels around the world.Reason 3 : Walk for your loved one'sStance: A research data shows that 79 per cent Indians feel that their attitude towards health stems from early influence of parental behaviour. So it is on you to inculcate good healthy lifestyles in your children, so why not instill in them the benefits of walking by setting examples. Moreover while walking a distance with your loved ones bring you closer to the them, since you are able to interact more while you walk. This small investment of time can make your relationship much more smoother.Proof points: According to Bupa's Survey, it has been found that 67 per cent Indian respondents confirmed that they have been actively encouraged by their parents to exercise - in fact 30 per cent agreed that their parents exercised regularly.Walking is a good way to spend time with friends or family members and enjoy nature as well.Reason 4: Parking woesStance: With at least 1,200 new vehicles being added to the city's vehiclular population everyday, parking has become a 24X7 problem. Encouraging people to walk while they go for a shopping can reduce the problems related to parking. Special events can cause parking problems. Therefore it becomes quite important to encourage people to walk.Proof points: CMDA study, the demand for parking in the central business district (CBD) is more than twice the supply. Sarojini Nagar had parking space for only 800 cars whereas it required space for 2,151 cars. GK had space for 700 cars but needed space for 4,500. This was the status some four years ago, and now the situation would be worse.Center of Science and Environment has described how 11 per cent of Delhi is used as parking, and with the number of vehicles expected to only grow in the city, measures need to be undertaken to control both existing and projected parking problems.Reason 5: Keeping yourself healthy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16791224", "title": "KKR look to be 'best among the best'", "text": "Last May, Kolkata Knight Riders , IPL's most talked about team, finally gave people reasons to talk about their prowess rather than their problems and predicaments.Gautam Gambhir &amp; Co. will now look to translate their maiden title-triumph in the world's toughest T20 league into success at the Champions League T20 . In skipper Gambhir, Brendon McCullum , Jacques Kallis and Yusuf Pathan , they have the sort of game-changers that every T20 team craves for, but KKR's surge in IPL5 came also on the wings of bowlers who used conditions well.On specially prepared slow turners at Eden Gardens, the likes of Sunil Narine, Shakib Al Hasan and Rajat Bhatia turned out to be an extra string in the bow. While Shakib and Narine, who was champions West Indies' leading wicket-taker in the recently-concluded World T20 in Sri Lanka , have the class to be equally effective on other surfaces, it will be left to Brett Lee and Kallis to provide the real bite to the attack on the quicker and bouncier tracks of South Africa.While KKR are in the CLT20 for the first time, some in their ranks, including Gambhir, have played the tournament before. If the skipper can lead from the front, just like he did in IPL5, KKR will be well on their way to earning bragging rights for being the 'best among the best'.Kolkata Knight RidersOwners: Shah Rukh Khan, Juhi Chawla , Jay MehtaSkipper: Gautam GambhirCoach: Trevor BaylissKey Indian players: Gambhir, Yusuf Pathan, Manoj Tiwary, L BalajiKey foreign players: Jacques Kallis, Brendon McCullum, Shakib Al Hasan, Brett Lee, Sunil NarineCLT20 record: Qualified for the tournament proper with Somerset, but failed to make the semis despite winning two out of the four games.IPL status: Champions 2012The squad: Gautam Gambhir (capt), Manoj Tiwary, Yusuf Pathan, Rajat Bhatia, L Balaji, Iqbal Abdulla , Debabrata Das, Manvinder Bisla , Pradeep Sangwan , Jacques Kallis, Brett Lee, Sunil Narine, Shakib Al Hasan, Brendon McCullum, Ryan ten Doeschate", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16791167", "title": "Protest march against delay in road construction", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Peeved at prolonged delay in the construction of the 12-km-long dilapidated road, connecting Tatanagar railway station chowk to Asanbani in Potka block, over 1000 residents of the affected areas participated in a protest march and organized a demonstration on Friday.The crowd that gathered at the Aam Bagan ground in Sakchi in the early morning hours was part of the march up to the district headquarters, of 1km stretch. On reaching the district headquarters the crowd demonstrated against the indifferent attitude of the state government vis-a-vis road construction.Jamshedpur middle constituency zila parishad member, Raj Kumar Singh, who led the rally to the deputy commissioner's office, said, \"Chief minister Arjun Munda and deputy chief ministers Hemant Soren assured us that the construction work will begin in March 2012. But even six months later there's no such development.\"The 12-km-long stretch, which is the main thoroughfare of about two lakh people residing in Khasmahal, Golpahari, Pursudih,Sundernagar, Bahragora, Rahargora, Gadra, Sopodera and Asanbani areas, is lying unrepaired for over last 10 years.Shanti Kumari, 38-year-old Gadra resident, said, \"Replete with craters and potholes the street has remained unrepaired despite repeated assurances from the concerned authorities and ministers for over a decade now.\" She said road-jams and accidents are the most common things on the street now.In the memorandum to the chief minister, the activists have threatened mass indefinite strike if the construction work fails to begin within thirty-odd days. Singh, who is also a BJP leader of the district, said, \"We will not allow the government to test our patience for long.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16789937", "title": "Rs 100cr Gandhi Grama to come up in Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: The government has given its go-ahead to the proposed Gandhi Grama, gladdening the hearts of many Gandhians in Karnataka who are keen on keeping the legacy of Mahatma Gandhi alive.The Rs 100-crore project will come up on 50 acres of land. The government has released Rs 50 lakh for preliminary works. The project work is likely to start in November.The Gandhi Grama Trust, headed by freedom fighter Patil Puttappa, has been pushing for the project here to propagate Gandhian values and messages among the youth. The project will be on the lines of Sabarmati Ashram in Gujarat.The Grama will reflect Gandhiji's vision of rural India and life. Every aspect of Gandhiji's life - right from his childhood, his life in South Africa and his role in freedom movement - will be portrayed there.Karnataka Law University vice-chancellor J S Patil, also the working president of the Trust, said: \"We have identified land for the Grama in Sutagatti, Gamangatti and near Gangubai Hangal Gururkul at Nrupatunga Betta. We will soon finalize the place. A blueprint of the project will be submitted to the government soon for approval.\"Apart from the financial help from the government, the Trust plans to mobilize funds from people involved in popularizing Gandhi works across the country. The Grama will have a Gandhi museum to showcase khadi-spinning wheels and a photo gallery covering the life of Gandhi. Weaving activities will be organized. The Grama will have a nature cure and yoga centre.Trust convener Umesh Baligar hoped the Grama will attract people from across the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16791380", "title": "Armed robbers loot Dahod bizman, one nabbed", "text": "VADODARA: Armed robbers struck at the shop of a prominent grain merchant in a busy marketplace in Dahod late on Friday evening even as one of the robbers was nabbed and beaten up by a mob. The merchant was about to leave the shop after closing it with the day's cash collection when the gang struck and robbed the cash.Preliminary information indicates that Mustufa Noorbhaiwala, who has his shop in the busy Yes Market, was about to leave the shop when the robbers approached him. One of them put a gun on his head and the bag containing the cash was snatched from Noorbhaiwala.The robbers then escaped from the shop, but people who witnessed the incident raised an alarm. A mob chased the robbers and nabbed a person believed to be one of them. The alleged robber was beaten up and handed over to the police.The police were speaking to Noorbhaiwala and the alleged robber on Friday to get the details of the incident. An offence was likely to be registered late by Friday night based on the details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791110", "title": "Antony to visit Indonesia next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Indonesia are poised to expand their bilateral strategic ties, with defence minister A K Antony leading a top delegation to Jakarta next week for the first ministerial-level defence dialogue between the two countries.\"The defence dialogue mechanism at the highest level was agreed upon during the visit of Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono to India in January last year,'' said a defence ministry official.The visit is expected to boost bilateral defence ties well as regional and maritime cooperation, which were first put into place by the ``Agreement on Defence Cooperation'' inked in 2001. The navies of the two countries, for instance, carry out regular coordinated patrols along their international maritime boundary line and their armies also held their first-ever exercise earlier this year.Antony will be accompanied by a high-level delegation which will include defence secretary Shashikant Sharma, chief of integrated defence staff Vice Admiral S P S Cheema and director general of the Ordnance Factory Board S K Beri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16791226", "title": "VAT relief on liquor spreads festive cheer", "text": "RANCHI: The fear of Durga Puja revelry being dampened, in the wake of the proposed exponential rise in the price of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL), is finally over.After much interdepartmental deliberation, the Jharkhand government has finally decided to continue with the existing system of one point taxation on IMFL instead of the proposed value added tax (VAT) on the maximum retail price (MRP).The commercial taxes department which was eyeing an increase in the revenue by at least Rs 100-150 crore has finally decided to take back the proposal to impose 50% VAT on the MRP of liquor due to opposition.State excise and prohibition minister Gopal Singh Patar had personally opposed the decision as it would affect the revenue of his department. P 4Sources said that the commercial taxes department was forced to review the decision due to opposition from the excise department which felt that price of IMFL will rise exponentially and people in Jharkhand will start consuming liquor smuggled from neighbouring states including Bihar, West Bengal and Chhattisgarh. Imposition of VAT on MRP means taxation on at least three points - company, wholesale and retail.\"Price rise will not only lead to smuggling but will also result in poor revenue generation for the state. Last year, the state generated around Rs 460 crore revenue from sale of IMFL against a target of Rs 700 crore. This year (2012-13) too, the target was fixed at Rs 700 crore, and had the commercial taxes department imposed VAT on MRP, the revenue generation would have remained less than last year.Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who is also the in-charge of commercial taxes department, was informed about the problem and he agreed to continue with the existing system on taxation of IMFL,\" revealed a source.State excise secretary Satendra Singh too admitted that 50% VAT on the MRP would have increased the price and thereby, smuggling. \"At present, price of any brand of IMFL in Jharkhand is on a par with the prices in the neighbouring states, including Bihar and West Bengal. Had VAT been imposed on MRP, the prices would have doubled and it would have prompted people to smuggle liquor rather than buy from an authorized retail outlet,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790411", "title": "Youth urged to set up business ventures in rural areas", "text": "HYDERABAD: Young urban and rural entrepreneurs ready to take on the leadership mantle can change the face of the country in the near future, said business leaders representing different sectors here on Friday. Speaking at a discussion on 'Youth powering India to achieve Vision 2020\", organised by student organisation AIESEC at Indian School of Business (ISB), business leaders said there were enough opportunities in the market for the young to turn entrepreneurs. They also encouraged the youth to consider entrepreneurship opportunities even in rural areas.Over 1,000 students from across the country attended the event. Known banker Meera H Sanyal, in a discussion, urged business graduates to create opportunities for themselves and others and not just look for jobs. \"Each entrepreneur should try and employ at least one other. This will go in a long way in solving unemployment problem in the country. This gains significance since government jobs are getting less and labour laws are becoming more stringent.There is no shortage of market opportunities and hence there is a need for youngsters to imbibe the culture of entrepreneurship,\" she said.Sanyal also noted that although infrastructure and other facilities have improved in rural areas, there is still an urgent need to improve the image of farming so that more youngsters take it up like entrepreneurs.Ronnie Screwvala, film and television producer, stressed on the need for reverse migration to rural areas by encouraging sustainable employment models there. He felt that increased migration to bigger cities is not a healthy sign and there is lack of a proper future plan on how to handle it.Ajit Rangnekar, dean of ISB advised the students to believe in ethical practices. \"This is not a corrupt nation and we can put our foot down by not doing anything wrong. Sometimes, we are under political pressure for allocation of admissions but we have never yielded to it and hence have suffered due to it.\"Jay Galla, MD of Amara Raja group of Industries encouraged youngsters not to shy away from leadership of any kind. \"I am interested in politics and there is a need for youngsters to venture into it. It is true that people may feel threatened by the entry of young dynamic citizens into politics but that should not stop anyone.\" He also felt that business houses have a pivotal role in development of underprivileged areas and downtrodden people.The panel discussion was followed by workshops conducted by a few corporate houses for youngsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790833", "title": "BJP memo to Alva on session extension", "text": "JAIPUR: Led by their leader Vasundhara Raje , the BJP legislators staged a dharna against the state government at the Rajasthan Assembly and later, handed over a memorandum to Governor Margaret Alva seeking her intervention in extending the session.The BJP MLAs staged a dharna at the entrance of the Rajasthan Assembly, raising slogans against the state government. After the hour-long dharna, they headed towards Raj Bhavan and met Governor Alva. she was handed over a memorandum and the BJP legislators complained about the ruling party's attitude in the Assembly.We brought to her notice that the ruling party had ensured that the session does not last more than three days so that we do not get a chance to raise issues like corruption, inflation , deteriorating law and order etc,'' said Raje, after the meeting.The leader of Opposition said they also informed Alva on how the BJP's claim for a division of votes over the Business Advisory Committee's report was turned down by Deputy Speaker Ramnarayan Meena and so was the party's no-confidence motion against him. Within minutes 9 bills were passed on Thursday and debate could not be held on a single one,'' said Raje.In its memorandum, the BJP has requested the Governor to use her special privileges and extend the session, which was adjourned sine dine on Friday, after Rajasthan Advocate Welfare Fund (Amend) bill 2012 and Rajasthan Beggars and Rajasthan Rehabilitation of Beggars and Indigents bill 2012 were passed. The Governor has assured us that our grievances would be looked into,'' said Raje.The party had created a ruckus in the house a day earlier, demanding a 10-day session in an attempt to buy enough time to debate over the bills which were introduced during the session. However, after Meena turned down their claim of division of votes over Business Advisory Committee's report, the Opposition moved a no-confidence motion against him and announced to boycott the house proceedings on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16792082", "title": "Striving for equal opportunities", "text": "LUDHIANA: Around 25 visually and physically impaired students from the Vocational Rehabilitation Training School, Haibowal Road, are sweating ahead of the annual all-India sports meet to be held in Delhi. These kids will be competing in track and field events like javelin, shot put and relay races. The school provides free education and accommodation facilities to the deprived ones. Apart from the government help, the school is also funded by benefits and donation by the visitors.Himanshu Ranjan, who is a physical trainer at the school, says, \"Last year we won prizes in various categories and this year also we are preparing hard to bring back the medals. It is a tough job but the kids are very enthusiastic and are really working hard to achieve the goal.\"Dil Kumar, 29, can be seen preparing sports tentative and schedules for the students. It is an amazing sight to see his fingers working on the keyboard with ease despite the fact that he is visually impaired. Kumar is not the only one who amazes the visitors, there are around 200 of them who in their own way can surprise you with their talents.It has been 40 years of tireless service by Sara Johnson, who along with her late husband Edward Martin founded the school with a vision to provide free education and vocational training to the disabled children. \"My husband lost his sight at the age of 23. He then vowed to work for the development of the disabled and provide them with training so that they do not depend on anybody. The school was established in 1978 by my husband and we have been receiving continuous support by the people,\" said Johnson. Edward, a classmate to former President APJ Abdul Kalam , had moved to Ludhiana from Tirchy in 1964 and since then he had been internationally known for his contribution for the blind and the disabled.Lal Singh Thakur, 30, has been a part of the school for the past 25 years. He is an MA in English and also holds an M Ed degree. Thakur was offered a government job but decided to stay with the school and provide his services to the needy. He says, \"I have been associated with the school for more than 20 years. I grew up and though I am not able to see, people here make the world beautiful to all of us.\"There are 40 teachers in the school who not only teach general subjects to the students, but also impart them vocational training through various programmes like computer courses, English and Hindi shorthand, Braille training courses and recently an animation courses has also been introduced in the curriculum. Accommodation facilities are also provided to the students coming from various parts of the country.For Sara Johnson, the school is her family where she spends her maximum time. Till now more than 2,000 children have been trained at the school and many of them are placed in various government sectors and are well settled in both professional and personal lives. For those who chose to remain with the school and spread smiles to the less deprived are happy enough to contribute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16792921", "title": "Obama committed to US troops withdrawl from Afghanistan", "text": "WASHINGTON: Asserting that it is time to bring American forces home, and to turn over the security responsibility to the Afghans, the White House said US President Barack Obama is committed to the 2014 deadline with regard to complete security transition in the war-torn country.\"The President, working with countless allies, has established a policy to draw down our forces in Afghanistan and to end that war by 2014. What you saw last night was a debate about whether or not that is wise policy. And this President is committed to bringing our forces home from Afghanistan,\" the White House Press Secretary, Jay Carney, told reporters yesterday.Responding to Republican criticism of setting a withdrawal time line, Carney said the purpose of setting a deadline is to make it clear to the government in Kabul , as it was made clear to the government in Baghdad , in Iraq, that they need to begin to take increasing responsibility for their own security so that when it comes to fighting and sometimes dying for their sake, Afghan forces increasingly take on that responsibility, not American men and women.\"That is why we are drawing down those forces there,\" he said.Obama, he said, is very committed to this. \"He made clear in the campaign for President in 2008 that he would end the war in Iraq \u2014 he did. He has made clear that he would refocus attention on what was a neglected war in Afghanistan, refocus our mission on al-Qaida , and decimating al-Qaeda's leadership in Afghanistan and Pakistan \u2014 he has.\"And he has made clear that this is not a war without end, where we will insert American forces to do the job that should be done, once they're trained up, by Afghan forces,\" Carney added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790330", "title": "Six cops from Sitabuldi police station, including second police inspector, suspended", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay on Friday suspended a senior police inspector and five constables of Sitabuldi police station for alleged dereliction of duty which led to the Vasantrao Naik slum fiasco. Senior officials have not ruled out the possibility of more suspensions.Senior PI Rajesh Jadhav, head constable Rajendra Bagde and constables Subhas Chavan, Dilip Waghera, Vinod Samundre and Nivrutti Dullarwar got the stick.The constables were from the detection branch (DB) of the police station. Jadhav, second in command at the police station, was entrusted with the responsibility of tackling crime.Earlier, senior PI Prakash Jadhav, in-charge of Sitabuldi police station, was suspended in a similar manner. It is learnt that apart from the incidents which led to the mob lynching, Jadhav was held responsible for the failure of the intelligence machinery and deteriorating law and order situation.A senior officer pointed out that cops from the executive wing were suspended while the ones at the supervisory level were spared.A day before, former city police chief PKB Chakravorty had said that the Naik slum incident is a typical example of failure on the part of both the executive and supervisory level officials.On Tuesday, an angry mob from Naik slum lynched Shaikh Iqbal, a dreaded goon who had unleashed a reign of terror in the area. In 2006, Akram was a prime suspect in the sensational Jain murder case.Later, the mob pelted stones at cops and vehicles before staging a protest at the Sitabuldi police station. It was only after their agitation that the cops came to know about murder of one Rohit Jain on October 25. Jain was buried by Akram and his aides in the hut of one Kashinath Kawade who fled locality after being threatened.The suspension list has sprung surprises as there are around a dozen constables working in the two DB parties of the police station. The relatively new ones got the axe while the experiences ones were spared.Constable Chavan was transferred to the Sitabuldi police station a couple of months ago while Samundre, a Charlie commando, was moved to the DB squad two months back.The two Charlie commandos - Jagdish and Naresh - presently deployed at the stretch where the slum is located, too were spared for reasons best known to the senior officials.The suspension order was issued by CP Dhanvijay after a fact-finding report was submitted by additional CP Anant Shinde.Dhanvijay, who returned on Thursday after cutting short his trip to Delhi, visited Naik slum before cracking the whip. Jt CP Sanjay Saxena, DCP Kailas Kanse and Shinde were among the top officials who accompanied Dhanvijay. The top cop interacted with the slum-dwellers and heard their grievances against Akram and his accomplices.Apart from demanding a permanent police chowky, the slum-dwellers also wanted Akram's properties sealed. Two women sub-inspectors from the Sitabuldi police station were deployed to record the statements of the slum-dwellers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790382", "title": "Pujo Barir Shera Pujo salutes community spirit", "text": "KOLKATA: Every year, Puja organizers of various clubs and communities rack their brains to zero in on innovative themes. The unique the theme, the bigger will be the crowd at pandals. Themes are, however, not restricted to communities alone. Apartment pujas are also coming up with refreshing ideas these days to attract pandal hoppers.It is that time of the year again. Not only the big community pujas where thousands of pandal hoppers will be hopping in, the apartment pujas all over the city is also coming up with innovative themes to celebrate the occasion and new refreshing ideas to attract people to come and have a look at the deity, and like the community pujas, the apartment pujas also now want to create impression to score over others.Ten years back, The Times of India had come up with the unique idea to recognize Pujas held at various city apartments and encourage the effort that goes into making these a success.Besides the homely atmosphere that dominates these Pujas, one also gets to see women playing a major role in the organization committees.Over the years, judges of The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo have seen how the residents of apartments celebrate the Pujas together with a joyous spirit and it is this community participation that The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo looks for.It determines how apartments organize the Puja on each of the five Puja days - Shashthi to Dashami. Right from keeping a track of the various events and cultural programmes that the apartments host since the morning and taking note of the preparations made for the Pujas and rituals, to examining the decor and ambience at the pandals, The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo lays emphasis on each and every detail.Special attention is also being given to how the apartment Pujas bring up the issue of a green environment and celebrate the festival in an eco-friendly manner.The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo 2012 is presented by Simoco, powered by Kingfisher Strong Power Soda, in association with National Insurance, Concast Maxx and Bakefresh biscuits. The event is supported by IFB Agro and Club Salon.The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo searches as to how the apartment puja organisers hold their evening programmes, how the women residents of the apartments turn up early in the morning and organise the preparations for each of the four days from Shasthi to Dashami, and how the decorations are being made. Special attention is being given on how the apartment pujas bring up the issue of green theme and how much environment friendly the puja is being celebrated.It was eleven years back when The Times of India first came up with the unique idea to recognise the apartment pujas, as it is the apartment pujas that celebrate the puja in a true homely atmosphere and it is these apartment pujas that one gets to see the participation of women, because women play a major role in organising apartment pujas in comparison to community pujas. Over the years, The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo judges have seen how the residents of the apartments celebrate the pujas together with a joyous spirit and it is this community participation that The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo searches for.The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo 2012 is presented by Simoco, powered by Kingfisher Strong Power Soda, in association with National Insurance, Concast Maxx and Bakefresh biscuits. The event is supported by IFB Agro and Club Salon.The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo searches as to how the apartment puja organisers hold their evening programmes, how the women residents of the apartments turn up early in the morning and organise the preparations for each of the four days from Shasthi to Dashami, and how the decorations are being made. Special attention is being given on how the apartment pujas bring up the issue of green theme and how much environment friendly the puja is being celebrated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "16790378", "title": "Gunmen raid CPM leader's home, five of family hurt", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A group of 70 to 80 bike-borne men pelted stones and fired at the house of a CPM leader in Gilaboni, injuring five of his family on Friday.The attack seems to be a fallout of back-to-back political rallies in Garbeta. Though CPM's Dhadika local committee secretary Kiriti Hazra has not been staying here ever since the Trinamool Congress came to power 16 months ago. But it didn't deter the assailants from attacking his family, said sources. members, said sources.The West Midnapore Police have arrested six persons following an FIR from the victims' family. Police superintendent Sunil Chowdhury termed it as a political clash but refused to divulge any other information, while CPM's West Midnapore district secretary Deepak Sarkar claimed that all the six arrested were CPM men.\"This proves the administration is hand-in-glove with the attackers,\" said Sarkar. Garbeta MLA and former minister Sushanta Ghosh was also of the same opinion.However, Garbeta Trinamool block president Dilip Pal alleged that the bombing and firing started from Kiriti's home and the women and children caught in the \"crossfire\" trying to \"flee their own home.\"The assailants struck the Hazra household around 9am, soon after Kiriti's brother Amar left for Bankura. The latter is a primary school teacher there. \"When informed, I rushed home to see my two sisters-in-law - Champa and Jharna - lying on the ground bleeding. While one had a bullet wound on the left side of her stomach, my elder sister-in-law's earlobes were torn off as the miscreants had snatched away her gold earrings. My nephew had a deep gash on his head,\" said Amar.He further alleged that the perpetrators were all Trinamool supporters. \"I called an ambulance, but the Trinamool men wouldn't let it in. Only after police intervened, that I was able to take the injured to the hospital. Despite my brother being a CPM leader, we are apolitical. They (Trinamool) attacked us knowing well that my brother doesn't even stay here,\" added Amar.Both Champa (52) and Jharna Hazra (42) are admitted to Midnapore Medical College hospital and were reported to be critical.Kiriti's other brother Abhiram said, \"My two daughters, Bulti and Beuty, were also injured while trying to save their mother Jharna. My nephew received severe head injuries. They have identified the attackers as Prakash and Deb Ghosh and Ramesh Mirdha from our village, while the others were from Nohari village.\" Kiriti's nieces and nephew are undergoing treatment at Garbeta block hospital.Local CPM members alleged that the attack took place while a Trinamool rally was passing through the village. Midnapore's Trinamool MLA Mrigen Maiti brushed aside the allegations and said Ghosh and his supporters were trying to \"replicate\" their pre-2011 terror run in Garbeta again.The CPM had organized a rally on Thursday to bolster their support base prior to the panchayat polls (CPM had won here in the 2011 polls) and open the closed party offices from Anchal number 1 to 5. This opposition's show of strength does not seem to have gone down well with the Trinamool and they took out a rally on Friday to demonstrate to people that they still call the shots here.Politics over accident death: In another incident, Chittaranjan Rakshit, a 52-year-old CPM activist, died on Friday in Garbeta's Boromura. Chittaranjan Rakshit had attended the CPM rally only the day before.His party members did not let go of the opportunity and blamed Trinamool for the death. However, West Midnapore SP Sunil Chowdhury said Rakshit had fallen from a tree and died of severe head injuries. Rakshit had attended the rally on Thursday.injuriesbefore he could be taken to a hospital.In an apparent fallout of CPM's show of strength in Garbeta holding a mass rally and opening their closed party offices only hours before, nearly 70-80 motorcycle-borne attackers on Friday morning pelted bombs and fired at the home of a local CPM leader in Gilaboni village, leaving five of his family injured, two critically. Kiriti Hazra, CPM's Dhadika local committee secretary, the target of the mob ire had never been home in the last 16 months since the Trinamool Congress came to power. It, however, didn't stop the attackers from shooting his sister-in-law, tearing earrings off another and attacking his nephew and two nieces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789296", "title": "Govt rebuffs IAF, gives Army attack choppers", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has finally approved the Army's long-standing demand for getting its own heavy-duty \"attack\" helicopters in a bid to end the force's bitter turf war with IAF, which has been raging for years and had even publicly erupted during the 1999 Kargil conflict.\"We have received a letter from the defence ministry. We have been given the attack helicopters,\" said Army chief General Bikram Singh, who was vigorously pursuing the case despite strong opposition from IAF.Gen Singh has reason to be pleased since the MoD letter clearly says \"future procurements\" of attack helicopters - armed with guided missiles, cannons and rockets to target enemy infantry and tanks on the ground \u2014 will be for the Army.While the Army's aviation corps operates around 250 light helicopters like Dhruv, Cheetah and Chetak, attack and medium-lift helicopters have so far been IAF's sole preserve. The letter says that even for medium-lift helicopters, which will remain with IAF, there will be a review of the \"prioritization of tasks\" to ensure the Army's operational requirements are met adequately.MoD sources, however, said the \"ongoing\" procurement process for acquisition of 22 AH-64D Apache Longbow attack helicopters, with a weapons package including hundreds of Hellfire and Stinger missiles from the US in an $1.4 billion deal, will be for IAF.\"The Army will get 'future' acquisitions. It will have to come up with its own concrete plans for induction of attack helicopters, with all their infrastructure, maintenance and training matters,\" said a source.The Army wants one heavy-duty attack squadron (10-12 helicopters) for each of its three \"strike\" formations - 1 Corps (Mathura), 2 Corps (Ambala) and 21 Corps ( Bhopal ) \u2014 in keeping with their primary offensive role. Moreover, it has plans to induct another 114 'Rudra' light combat helicopters for the remaining 10 'pivot' corps.The IAF argument was it should retain all the attack and medium-lift helicopters since it would be \"very expensive\" if the Army duplicated efforts by getting, as Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne put it last week, its own \"little air force\". The Army in any case has \"command and control\" over IAF's two existing squadrons of Mi-25/35 attack helicopters.But the Army contends IAF does not fully comprehend its operational philosophy and concepts like \"close air support'' for its troops on the battlefield. It wants \"full command and control\" over \"tactical air assets'' for rapid deployment, while IAF can retain its \"larger strategic role\".The Army's long-term plans include a squadron each of attack/armed, reconnaissance/observation and tactical battle-support helicopters for each of its 13 corps. In addition, the force wants each of its six regional or operational commands to get \"a flight\" of five fixed-wing aircraft for tactical airlift of troops and equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789684", "title": "Teen killed in accident on Karve Road", "text": "PUNE: Priyanka Sunil Shete (19) of Karvenagar was run over by a mini-bus after the two-wheeler she was riding skidded near the Mrutyunjayeshwar temple on Karve Road on Thursday evening.Senior police inspector of the Kothrud police station Kalyanrao Vidhate said the incident took place around 7.30 pm, when Shete was going towards Karvenagar.Vidhate said a portion of the road near Mrutyunjayeshwar temple has become slippery because workers of a telecom company have removed mud from the road side and lined it along the road. \"Shete lost her balance after her scooter skidded on the slippery road and she fell. She was run over by the mini-bus that was behind her,\" he said.Shete was rushed to a nearby private hospital, where she was declared dead. \"We have booked the bus driver for negligent driving. We will also book employees of the telecom company for negligence,\" Vidhate said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16790184", "title": "NCP suspends Jaiswal as Chanda city chief", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: City chief of Nationalist Congress Party Deepak Jaiswal has been suspended from the party after he was arrested for involvement in liquor smuggling to Gadchiroli district. Jaiswal was arrested on Tuesday and was remanded into police custody for two days. NCP state secretary Shivaji Garje has issued a letter suspending Jaiswal from the party following the directives of state president Madhukar Pichad.NCP district chief Rajendra Vaidya claimed that police actige of party's city chief until fon against Jaiswal could malign the image of party, hence he has been suspended from the party. Former MLC Janardhan alias Balasaheb Salunkhe will hold the charurther orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16789339", "title": "Minister announces new schemes for tribal persons", "text": "PANAJI: Tribal welfare minister Ramesh Tawadkar announced three more schemes for tribal people. Tawadkar announced the \"Gagan Bharari Shiksha Yojana\" to provide additional financial assistance to scheduled tribe students as the maintenance allowance given under the post-matric scholarship is inadequate to meet expenses on food and travel.Beneficiaries will get additional maintenance allowance of 750 per month for day scholars and 1,500 per month for those staying in hostels. Besides, additional disability allowance of 750 per month during the academic year is also given.The second scheme is for construction of multi-purpose community halls (Sanskriti Bhavan) in areas inhabited by the tribal community. The cost of the project including cost of land shall not exceed 50 lakh.The third scheme \"to support orphans of widow belonging to ST community\" aims at meeting the expenditure on food, clothing, shelter till the children attain 18 years of age. Tawadkar said a fixed maintenance allowance of 1,500 per month per child of a widow will be given for up to two children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16791289", "title": "Be prepared to burn a hole in your pockets for a mouthful of bhog", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Devotees will have to dole out more money for a mouthful of bhog this year during Durga Puja. In the wake of rising costs, several puja committees in the city have decided to increase the rate of bhog this year.The puja committees, which see a huge demand for bhog year after year, announced an increase of Rs 10 per handi (bowl) to cover the increased input costs.\"Not only have the prices of all that goes into the making of bhog gone through the roof, but also the labour cost,\" said a functionary of the Sidhgora Puja Committee, where bhog will be available for Rs 60 per handi.Four years ago, when collecting funds was becoming a bit of a problem owing to the economic recession , the price of 2 kg handi had seen a hike of 10 rupees.In about a dozen pandals here, the demand for the scrumptious bhog is comparatively high because the puja committees serve accompaniments like pulao, dum aloo, tomato chutney, to go with it.\"In 2008, the cost of bhog was Rs 50. Four years later, it has touched an all-time high of Rs 60 and in few places it comes for Rs 70,\" said Kendriya Durga Puja Committee (KDPC) general secretary, Ram Babu Singh.Explaining the reason behind the hike, Singh said that while prices of edible items have escalated on one hand, voluntary donations have seen a sharp fall on the other.\"The demand being very high, we were compelled to increase the rate this year,\" said Rajesh Singh of Kadma Allied Puja Committee.The insiders have said that each committee sells bhog for about Rs 15000 to Rs 20000 per day, on an average. \"There are few committees where the figure touch the Rs 50000 mark (per day) particularly on Maha Ashtmi,\" said a functionary of the KDPC.For those who wish to stomach tasty bhog free of cost, visit the likes of Ramkrishna Mission Society Durga Puja committee. \"Come join us and have a stomach full of prasad without paying any amount for it,\" said a volunteer of the Ramkrishna Mission Society puja committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789231", "title": "Two run over by trains", "text": "MUMBAI: A youth in his early 20s was run over by a CST-bound local at Dadar station on Thursday evening while crossing the tracks. GRP officials said his identity is yet to be established. In a separate case on Thursday, a 45-year-old man was killed while crossing the tracks between Goregaon and Jogeshwari. The deceased, Babu Lande, was a Jogeshwari resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790843", "title": "Rising crime graph: Residents feel unsafe even in homes", "text": "JAIPUR: The crime graph of the city is on a vertical lift. The large number of criminal incidents happening every now and then is an undeniable proof of the grim state of affairs.Sample this: A youth being put on fire at home on Saturday, robbing a bank customer and theft at a garment showroom on Sunday, four shops including National Handloom's showroom burgled on Monday, two kidnap attempts on Tuesday, and snatching of Rs 5 lakh from a woman on Wednesday.These serious criminal offences refused to die down despite claims of intensified patrolling and innovative investigation methods being adopted by the police.Moreover, rise in petty crimes, including chain snatching, robberies on roads, vehicle lifting and burglaries, make the residents live in constant worry and fear. They said it is becoming unsafe, especially for women, to head out of the safety of their homes, with police failing to stop these crimes.Police records are also a testimony to the fact. In just nine months, 1,335 vehicle thefts have been reported in the jurisdiction of DCP east alone. About 46 loot cases have been lodged in the city's north areas covering Walled City, Shashtri Nagar, Vidhyadhar Nagar and Bhatta Basti in the same time period. Areas falling under DCP west's jurisdiction including Bani Park, Vaishali Nagar, Vishwakarma, Jhotwara, Muralipura and Kardhani have reported as many as 227 cases of burglaries.\"It has become quite hard to feel safe. Take for example the robbery of a woman in Vidhyadhar Nagar on Wednesday. She had just left her home with a bag of Rs 5 lakh and two bikers snatched it away. Someone even noted down the bike's registration number, however, the police are yet to catch the robbers,\" said Rajendra Gupta, a resident of Vidhyadhar Nagar.Though, the impact of the police commissioner's recent meeting on crime is visible, the residents said a lot more is yet to be done.Commissioner police B L Soni during the meeting had gone to the extent of saying that senior policemen at police station acknowledged criminals like old friends. He also said complaints are not being registered immediately. It also came up during the meeting that most SHOs don't go for patrolling in the night.Additional commissioner of police Giriraj Meena said focus has been shifted on night patrolling. \"We have constituted special teams to deal with each nature of crime. There had been impact of the recent crime meeting following which some robbers involved in several loots with auto passengers were nabbed,\" Meena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789616", "title": "\u2018Find ways to deny VIP status to Reds\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Worried over the implications of a recent Calcutta high court order granting \"political prisoner\" status to seven jailed Maoists, including Lalgarh leader Chhatradhar Mahato, the Centre has advised the West Bengal government to either appeal or amend the West Bengal Correctional Services Act, 1992, to eliminate the room for the members of outlawed outfits to claim preferential treatment.The Union home ministry wrote to the Bengal government earlier this month, pointing out that jailed operatives of outfits banned under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA) could invoke the August 8 court order to claim preferential jail facilities due to a political prisoner. Pointing out that the order may be exploited not only by Maoists, but even hardcore terrorists and insurgents lodged in the state's prisons, the home ministry advised the state government to amend Section 24 of the state law to exclude acts of sedition under the UAPA from the definition of a 'political offence'.Political prisoners are entitled to facilities such as separate cell, home-cooked food and access to newspapers and books and exemption from the many chores that ordinary prisoners are obliged to perform.The Act, under which the HC gave relief to the Maoists, acknowledges anyone who has committed an alleged offence during a political or democratic movement with an exclusive political objective \u2014 free from personal greed or motive \u2014 as a 'political prisoner'. In fact, the court had, in its order, noted that \"the rather broad contours of the definition (of a political prisoner) suggest that the person accused of a political offence being a member of an unlawful organization, is not excluded.\"\"Technically, \"political prisoner\" status can be accorded under the Act to even an Indian Mujahideen, Lasher-e-Taiba or al- Qaeda operative, since the person is not working for personal motives but for an ideology. The Centre wants the state government to prune the definition of political prisoner to specifically exclude terrorists and those engaged in other serious crimes.According to ministry sources, the state home department has given a verbal assurance to the Centre that it would consider the option of amending the state law.The Act was enacted by the then Jyoti Basu government, supposedly with the underlying motive to ensure preferential treatment to jailed Marxist cadres accused of indulging in political violence. With the Left regime making way for the Mamata Banerjee government, scrapping the provisions granting special facilities to undertrials and convicts, who may have perpetrated violence to allegedly further political interests of the Marxists, could be a possibility.Though the Centre has given the Bengal government the option of filing an appeal against the HC order, officials here are not all that confident of getting a relief as the verdict appears legally sound as far as alignment with provisions of the Act is concerned. In any case, the outer limit for filing an appeal expires, in less than a month, on November 8.The HC order had extended 'political prisoner' status to seven Maoists, including Mahato, Sambhu Soren, Sagun Murmu, Suksanti Baskey and Prasun Chatterjee, all of whom were active in Lalgarh, the hotbed of Maoist movement in Bengal. The other beneficiaries were Gaur Narayanan Chakraborty, arrested in Kolkata in 2009, and V Venketeswara Reddy of Andhra Pradesh, who was held in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789007", "title": "Corporation Bank denies giving overdraft to Robert Vadra", "text": "NEW DELHI: Corporation Bank has insisted that it did not advance an overdraft to any of Robert Vadra's companies, adding a twist to the controversy swirling around the remarkable rise in the riches of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law.\"No such transaction with us as per our records so far,\" Ajai Kumar, CMD of Corporation Bank, told TOI on Friday, adding that he had sought full facts on the issue.In its annual report for 2007-08 financial year, Vadra's firm Sky Light Hospitality claimed an overdraft of Rs 7.94 crore from the bank. It was the first year of operation for the company, which had a paid-up capital of just Rs 1 lakh. By the end of the year, the company claimed it had Rs 7.95 crore worth of fixed asset.The directors of the company \u2014 Vadra and his mother Maureen - said in their report to the shareholders, \"You will be glad to know that your company has purchased land measuring 5 bighas &amp; 12 biswas in Sohna tehsil of Haryana for Rs 7,94,00,000.\" The statement implied that it was the overdraft from Corporation Bank that paid for the land.However, the denial by Corporation Bank has increased doubts about the authenticity of the claims made by the Vadras in the annual statement. \"To my memory, then CMD had not approved any such loan. You may talk to the bank,\" said B Sambamurthy, the then CMD of Corporation Bank and currently director of the Institute for Development and Research in Banking Technology, Hyderabad.IAC member Manish Sisodia said Corporation Bank's statement clearly indicated that Vadra had filed a false balance sheet with the registrar of companies. \"It could also mean that Vadra introduced black money through this entry,\" Sisodia said.Even before Corporation Bank came out with the denial, the fact that a company with no other asset was extended such an overdraft by a public sector bank had baffled many.Sky Light Hospitality in its annual report had said, \"The overdraft from the bank was book OD due to cheque issued before balance sheet date but not presented up to balance sheet date, which is cleared after balance sheet date.\"The annual report raises doubts also for its claim that the value of the land would shoot up as its use was to be shortly changed to non-agricultural purpose. \"The land is in the process of conversion into non-agricultural usage. Your directors hope that the project will yield good profit to the company in future,\" the Vadras said.The assertion pointed to their optimism about a favourable decision from the Congress government in Haryana which the anti-corruption activists have accused of favouring DLF as part of a quid pro quo involving Vadra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789718", "title": "Ex-servicemen contributory health scheme polyclinic opened at Air Force Station", "text": "PUNE: A new ex-servicemen contributory health scheme (ECHS) polyclinic was inaugurated on Friday at Akashnagar, Air Force Station (AFS), Lohegaon, by former chief of air staff air chief marshal P V Naik (retd).The polyclinic will help a number of veterans and their families residing in and around AFS Lohegaon. It is equipped with a modern laboratory testing facility and will have qualified and experienced medical officers, including a woman doctor and a dental surgeon.The ECHS was launched in the country in April 2003 and is meant primarily for retired armed forces personnel who, till 2002, could avail of medical facilities only through services hospitals.With the opening of this polyclinic, ex-servicemen, pensioners and their dependents staying in Vishrantwadi, Dhanori, Lohegaon, Yerawada, Wagholi, Chandannagar, Kharadi and Vimannagar will benefit in terms of distance and time as before this they had to go to the ECHS near the Command Hospital, for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "16789299", "title": "Man arrested for outraging lady's modesty", "text": "CANACONA: The Canacona police have arrested Mhablu Gaonkar from Kindlem in Canacona for outraging the modesty of a woman at the Canacona market on Friday late evening.The Canacona police said that the accused caught hold of the woman from the rear, while she was shopping at the market.Gaonkar was picked up after the woman complained to the Canacona police about the incident.Acting on the complaint, the Canacona police arrested the accused and has been charged under Section 354 of the Indian Penal Code. Further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789401", "title": "DDCA did not back Amarnath, says Bedi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former India captain Bishan Singh Bedi has blamed the Delhi &amp; District Cricket Association (DDCA) for the dropping of Mohinder Amarnath from the national selection panel recently. According to Bedi, DDCA officials didn't back the former India and Delhi batsman due to \"personal motives\".\"DDCA had a wonderful opportunity to have a zonal representative from its own association. But they sacrificed Amarnath to get three posts in the BCCI. And now they have their sports secretary Sunil Dev as the vice-chairman of the National Cricket Academy and as a member of the umpiring committee. They have another member in the technical committee as well,\" Bedi said. The legendary left-arm spinner was talking at a press meet to highlight 'corruption' in the DDCA, organized by former Indian player Kirti Azad. \"DDCA has been sending Dev to important BCCI meetings including the recent AGM where Amarnath was ousted. But he came back with three posts to the state association,\" he added.Bedi also expressed his annoyance at cricket administration in the country. \"If the Karnataka Cricket Association can be headed by a cricketer ( Anil Kumble ), why can't other bodies too. I have complaints against DDCA president Arun Jaitley . Even in the BCCI, there is one man who is omnipotent and no one can challenge him. That is not a good trend,\" he said.If that wasn't enough, Bedi further accused DDCA of 'squandering' funds. \"They have spent crores of rupees on preparing pitches. They don't even have indoor facilities which every major stadium in the country has.\"Expectedly, DDCA mandarins came out strongly in their defence, saying the team of Bedi and Azad had \"personal agenda.\"\"Why won't we back a strong candidate like Amarnath? We tried our best but the BCCI already had a candidate in mind. We thought people like Bedi, Azad and Maninder Singh would come up with constructive ideas for the CIC but they have their own agendas. That's why it isn't working,\" DDCA general secretary Sneh Bansal told TOI.Talking about infrastructure, Bansal claimed that plans of having an indoor stadium at Ferozeshah Kotla are afoot.\"We have sent our a project proposal to Municipal Corporation of Delhi a year and a half ago. We are still awaiting their approval. Regarding misuse of money, the Serious Fraud Investigation Office team is already probing it and everything will come out in the open.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16793550", "title": "Suresh Rana is numero uno at 14th Maruti Suzuki Raid De Himalaya", "text": "SHIMLA: Suresh Rana, champion marathon cross-country rallyist of the country, is numero uno at the 14th Maruti Suzuki Raid De Himalaya, which concluded at Leh on Friday.Rana, driving a Grand Vitara, was driving for Team Maruti. He has won the Raid crown for the record eighth time. Maruti Suzuki Raid De Himalaya is one of the top ten toughest rallies of the world. The event is organized by Maruti Suzuki in collaboration with Himalayan Motorsport Association (HMA), the premier Shimla-based motorsport club.Amanpreet Ahluwalia of Delhi, driving a Maruti Gypsy, ranked second in Raid Xtreme. Third in Raid Xtrema was Lt Col Shakti Bajaj of Team Army - also driving a Maruti Gypsy.Raid 2012 took off from Shimla on October 7. After going through the high mountain passes of Baralacha La, Jalori Jot, Rohtang La, Kunzum La and Yar La, the marathon motorsport event concluded at Leh. Vijay Parmar, President HMA, said Raid 2012 turned out to be one of the toughest Raids ever, with rallyists taking on snowfall and ice-crusted roads for three days.On account of snow blizzards at Wari La, one of the highest mountain passes in the world, the last competitive leg of the Raid scheduled on October 12 was cancelled. The results were calculated based on the performance of the teams over the last five days.Maruti Suzuki Raid De Himalaya is considered India's ultimate adventure in motorsport, pitting competitor and machine against the most extreme terrain and toughest conditions.A large number of teams are knocked out on account of mechanical problems in the vehicles caused by racing on the impossible terrain. Of the total 50 entries in Raid Xtreme, only 16 teams managed to mark the finish line at Leh.In Raid Adventure, a category which follows the Time-Speed-Distance (TSD) format, the top position was bagged by K Prasad, driving a Maruti Suzuki Grand Vitara.Prasad, who has won the title for the fourth time, was driving for Team Maruti. The second prize was won by Satish Gopalkrishnan of Bangalore, and the third prize went to Jagmeet Gill of Chandigarh, driving a Maruti Gypsy for Team Maruti.Mayank Pareek, Chief Operating Officer of Maruti Suzuki, said that the Raid is open to vehicles of all makes and categories. \"It is a matter of great pride for us that that Maruti Suzuki Raid De Himalaya is rated amongst the top ten toughest rallies in the world, and the winning SUVs and cars at the Raid have been Maruti vehicles. This is a testimony to the reliability and performance of our vehicles in the most challenging conditions,\" Pareek highlighted.In the Raid Adventure (Cars - Class I) category, the first prize was bagged by Mahesh Kumar and JP Yadav of Gurgaon, driving a Maruti SX 4.The second prize in the same category went to Siddhartha Singh and Gaurav Aggarwal of Delhi, again driving an SX 4. The third prize in this category was bagged by Chetan Joshi of Ahmedabad, driving a Maruti Suzuki Dzire.CS Santosh of Bangalore, driving a Honda CRF, ranked first in the Xtreme (Motorcycles and Quads) category. Austrian Helmut Frauwallner was second in this category.For the 13th consecutive year, the Maruti Suzuki Raid De Himalaya is an event on the annual calendars of the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile ( FIA ) and the Federation Internationale de Motorcyclisme (FIM), the governing bodies for auto-racing events globally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790681", "title": "Officials slap notice on infertility centre", "text": "HYDERABAD: District health authorities slapped notices on an infertility centre in Masab Tank on Friday based on a complaint by a Nalgonda-based doctor whose wife died allegedly due to faulty anesthesia while undergoing treatment.Authorities said that the 38-year-old woman had difficulty conceiving for the third time and sought infertility treatment at Morpheus Juhi Infertility Center about five months ago. The victim was wheeled into the operation theatre for a hysteroscopy procedure done to see if a problem in the uterus is preventing the woman from becoming pregnant. The procedure was done under anesthesia as required. \"This appears to be a case of table death of anesthesia. A simple procedure such as hysteroscopy does not kill. But we cannot confirm the cause of death right now. Investigation is on,\" said Dr Ananth Reddy, district medical and health officer (DMHO), Hyderabad. Dr Reddy said that the centre has the required registration under the PCPNDT Act. While they had applied for a registration to the DMHO in 2010, they have not been given either the temporary or permanent registration so far for unknown reasons.The victim's husband who is an orthopeadic doctor had brought the issue to the notice of the DHMO soon after his wife's death. However, it was only after a second complaint last month that the DMHO visited the clinic. The staff sought one week's time to produce the documents. On Friday, around 10 members staged a sit in at the DMHO's offices which prompted him to visit the hospital again. \"We have served them notices to produce all the documents pertaining to the case along with the case sheets. We have ordered a detailed enquiry by two senior public health officers to look into the issue. We will also seek expert opinion,\" said the DMHO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790348", "title": "'Now is a good time to acquire property'", "text": "HYDERABAD: This is a good time for purchasing property in the city as the prices here are nearly 35% lower than other cities said members of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI), AP. The developers made this observation at a press conference held here on Friday to announce their three-day property show next month which will have developers from across the state showcasing properties from various tier 2 and 3 cities in the state.\"There cannot be a better time to purchase property in Hyderabad as the prices here are around 30 to 35% lower than in Bangalore, Chennai or other cities and they are expected to rise here too in the future with input costs and construction costs shooting up,\" said P Ramakrishna Rao, general secretary of CREDAI, AP.The property show will be held from November 2 to 4 at People's Plaza and will have around 200 stalls from more than 300 developers, consultants and manufacturers from various cities in the state, showcasing properties across price ranges under one roof. Calling it \"a shopping mall for property\", officials said that around Rs 10,000 crores worth property will be available at the event and will include commercial property, independent houses, residential complexes, apartments, gated communities and integrated townships offering a wide variety across all price ranges.Developers from Vijaywada, Warangal, Tirupathi, Nellore and Guntur among many others will be exhibiting properties from their respective cities and officials are expecting deals worth a minimum of Rs 1,000 crores to be completed at the event.The event will also include a state convention to address several issues related to new building rules and taxation. C Shekhar Reddy, president of CREDAI, AP said, \"Service tax is an added burden to the consumer who already pays registration charges. Even the VAT at state level and the non-agricultural tax needs to be reduced. Apart from these taxation issues, several developers have problems related to the new building rules as per GO 168 and also the electricity and water connections to buildings and houses. Members of the organisation from across the state will debate on these problems and present the recommendations to the state government for consideration.\"He further added that steps were being taken to resolve the issue regarding availability of sand saying that AP Mineral Development Corporation will soon arrange for sand to be sourced from Khammam and an area near Hayathnagar has been suggested as a depot for trucks carrying sand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16790011", "title": "Ghaziabad RWA asked to locate land for substation", "text": "NOIDA: Residents of Indirapuram are in a quandary after the National Green Tribunal (NGT) ordered them on Friday to join a survey for suggesting alternative sites for the proposed 400KV electricity substation in the area. Members of Gaur Green City RWA have been ordered to join the Ghaziabad Development Authority (GDA) and Uttar Pradesh Power Transmission Corporation Limited (UPPTCL) to locate sites for construction of the power substation.The survey is to be undertaken on October 14 and a report is to be submitted to the tribunal before the next date of hearing. Residents, opposed to construction of the substation on a 'green belt' adjacent to their housing society, had obtained a stay order on the project on July 24 citing health and environmental grounds.Residents fear fighting a losing battle because any alternative site suggested by them is likely to be rejected by the GDA, which has already cited non-availability of alternative space for the project.Residents complain of having been put in a disadvantageous position because they lack the technical competence to decide on sites for a power project. \"There are a number of vacant plots in the vicinity, but we have no knowledge if they belong to the Authority,\" said RWA general secretary, Maneesh Gupta.\"We do not have details as to whether these plots are not allotted or fit for substations. Our suggestions can be dismissed under any pretext,\" added Gupta.Residents say that they are not opposed to the project but are simply against its proposed location because degradation of the green belt would expose them to pollution-related health hazards from vehicular emissions. The green belt serves as a buffer zone between their housing society and the NH-24.Residents fear a cascading effect if a go-ahead is given for the project for lack of alternate space. \"Other agencies will start building projects on green belts. Tree cover would reduce and thousands of residents in the region would be exposed to pollution-related health risks,\" said Alok Bhatnagar, an RWA member.UPPTCL says that the site is convenient due to its location within its power transmission corridor and its urgent need to mitigate the acute power crisis in Ghaziabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "renumakulapalli, anantapur", "code": "16790415", "title": "TDP chief resumes yatra after illness", "text": "RENUMAKULAPALLI, ANANTAPUR: TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu broke off his walkathon due to indisposition on Friday in Anantapur district before resuming his march. completed 200 km of his padayatra on Friday but not before giving jitters to his party leaders and workers when he complained of giddiness and was indisposed for a while before resuming his foot march in Anantapur district.Scotching rumours immediately that their leader was not keeping well and that he might call off the Vastunna Meekosam yatra, party senior leaders said Naidu was keeping good health and that he would go ahead and complete the padayatra.Naidu felt giddy while talking to a group of physically-challenged persons at Renumakulapalli village in the morning. \"As soon as he stood up to talk to the villagers, he felt uneasy and sat down. Doctors immediately attended on him,\" a party leader accompanying Naidu said.Naidu developed severe cramps in his waist muscles and felt giddy due to the scorching heat. He rested for 10-15 minutes in his van and started walking again.Sources said Naidu walked non-stop between Belluguppa and Uravakonda (a distance of 10 km) on Thursday and this caused him discomfort on Friday.Doctors who examined him said he suffered from sunstroke and advised him to rest. \"Despite severe back pain and blisters on his feet, our leader continued with his yatra,\" a party activist said.A medical team from GMC, Anantapur, which was accompanying him in the padyatra, advised him to rest so that the blisters can heal but Naidu ignored their advice.Sources said Naidu has also developed eye infection due to constant exposure to dust. \"He had faced some discomfort when he was in Kalyandurgam constituency,\" K Ramarao, who is part of the padayatra, told TOI. Padayatra route map committee chairman Kambhampati Rammohan Rao told TOI that Naidu was very strong and committed to the yatra. \"Reports in a section of the press about his failing health and chances of cancelling the padayatra are false. Minor problems in such long marches are common,\" he explained. Nearly 400 members are accompanying Naidu. Apart from a 15-member security team, his personal staff of 15 also moves along with the TDP chief.Meanwhile, slain TDP MLA Paritala Ravindra's henchman Chaman joined the yatra to express solidarity with Naidu. There were speculations that Chaman would join the YSR Congress. What was interesting was that he chose Uravakonda instead of Penukonda to which Paritala and he hail from to join the yatra. Naidu so far has toured Hindupur, Penukonda, Rapthadu, Rayadurgam, Kalyandurgam, and Uravakonda. He would enter Guntakal on Saturday, which is the last destination in Anantapur district, and enter Kurnool on Sunday.TDP politburo member K E Krishnamurthy said Naidu would enter Kurnool district at Chippagiri mandal in Alur assembly constituency. Naidu would pass through the poverty-stricken Aluru, Pathikonda, Adoni, Yemmiganur and Kodumur belts. He would cover 130 km in seven days and conclude at Sunkesula before entering Mahbubnagar district at Rajolibanda.Earlier, on the 11th day of his padayatra on Friday, Naidu interacted with different sections of the society with complaints relating to inflation, erratic power supply and non-implementation of welfare schemes.TIMES VIEWIt's raining yatras in AP. While Naidu is walking untiringly to meet people through his Vastunna Meekosam padayatra, CM Kiran Kumar Reddy is busy with his Indiramma Baata mass contact programme. With Sharmila also entering the yatra bandwagon from October 18, it's going to be a trapeze act of leaders going all-out to woo the voters well ahead of the 2014 elections. But people believe the leaders are making a mockery of padayatras and their marches not even a patch of what Mahatma Gandhi's famous Dandi march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789581", "title": "Mantralaya revamp to exceed estimates", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mantralaya makeover may cost the state a lot more than what it had expected. While the government had estimated a cost of Rs 110 crore for the entire project, the revamp may run up a bill of Rs 200 crore or more if it goes ahead with the bids received.On Friday, the PWD opened bids called for the biggest component of the work. Sources said the lowest bidder, Unity Infrastructure, quoted over Rs 163 crore for the work, 48% above the estimated cost for the entire project. The other two contractors in the fray\u2014Shapoorji Pallonji Group (Rs 167 crore) and Larsen &amp; Toubro (Rs 177 crore)\u2014quoted bids that were 52% and 61% higher, respectively.The bids would now be placed before a high-powered committee headed by chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia. The panel would look into the reasons for the higher bids, he said.While rules allow the state to negotiate with the lowest bidder, sources said such negotiations usually resulted in a decrease of not more than 5% of the original quoted bid. The sources said this would mean that the component's cost would be above Rs 150 crore.The Mantralaya building suffered heavy damage in the June 21 fire. The component for which bids were opened involves civil work, creation of additional office space and redirection of internal floor movement, the central AC, setting up meeting rooms or common areas for visitors on each floor and incorporating modern-day fire safety equipment, among other works.Separate tenders have been floated for escalators and upgrade of lifts, setting up of chillers for theAC unit on the terrace and purchase of loose furniture. While the bids for these were yet to be opened, a source said the actual cost of these works could exceed Rs 25 crore.The state has decided to drop a proposal to instal a wireless addressable fire alarm system, which was recommended in a fire-safety audit.Glass-dome planThere is a plan to set up a glass-shaped dome over the courtyard space. All movement on the premises will originate from the courtyard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16790199", "title": "Young home dreamers throng Gujarat Institute of Housing &amp; Estate Developers show on first day", "text": "AHMEDABAD: From its opening on Friday, the GIHED property show 2012 left city developers smiling. With the demand for property sluggish over the last year, developers were expecting fewer footfalls on the first day of the three-day fair.\"It has been a good start for the show. More than 21,000 visitors, mostly youth and individuals, thronged the fair in search of their dream home. On the weekend we expect families to visit the show,\" said Dipak Patel, vice-president GIHED. However, how many footfalls convert into actual buyers is what one has to see. The property show has around 60 developers showcasing more than 180 residential, commercial and plotting schemes.Unlike in earlier years, most of the properties on display this year are on the periphery of Ahmedabad. From the total of around 135 residential projects on display, most are in areas like Gota, Vaishnodevi Circle, Nikol, Bavla, Vastral and between Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar.Also in the pipeline are a couple of new clubs and resorts coming up near Ahmedabad.But most visitors were seen beginning their discussion about properties with the rate offered. Developers said earlier visitors would be keen to know the amenities provided.\"Despite the slowdown, demand for affordable housing remains high. For the time being, most developers are looking at providing houses costing between Rs 15 lakh and Rs 40 lakh,\" said Shekhar Patel, managing director, Ganesh Housing Corporation Ltd. Designed around a green theme, the property fair's visitors are being given plants as gifts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790374", "title": "Killer jailed, but victim still an unknown", "text": "KOLKATA: Nobody, including the accused himself, knows does not know who was the person whom he had killed more than seven years ago. But that did not deter the law from convicting the killer. On Friday, the first fast track court at Bichar Bhawan sentenced Niraj Kumar Gupta for ten years rigorous imprisonment.The murder took place on June 25, 2005. It all happened early on June 25, 2012.Police from Burtolla police station rushed to the spot after they were informed that a person was shot at Rabindrakanan. The victim aged around 35 years was taken to Medical College and Hospital where he was declared brought dead. The autopsy report later confirmed that a .315 bore bullet hit him on the chest and killed him. Police rushed to the spot and found the body of a person aged around 35 years. Bullet injury was found on his chest. He died at spot soon after he was shot. Police shifted the body to Medical College and Hospital, where he was declared dead. Postmortem report also confirmed that a .315 bore bullet hit on his chest what caused his death.Though police tried their best to identify the victim, no clue was found about him. They did not even get any response to the various advertisements published in the newspapers along with the victim's photograph. Even none respond on the advertisement with the victim's photograph.Thus the cops cremated the body after two weeks. was cremated and the victim remained unidentified.However, the then sub-inspector Kishore Sharma, who was posted at Burtolla police station and the investigating officer of the case, was determined to punish the killer. On interrogating however remained stick behind the assailant.During investigation, he found some pavement dwellers and morning walkers, he tracked down Gupta, a local tough. The witnesses alleged that they saw the youth fleeing the spot soon after they heard a gunfire. who provided him some information about a youth who was seen fleeing soon after the gun shot was heard. Gathering every small piece of information, the investigator finally identified the assailant as Niraj Kumar Gupta, a local tough.Police was hopeful that the assailant's arrest will help them cops would be able to identify the victim. But it did not happen so. Gupta, who was arrested along with was arrested along with the murder weapon - a country-made gun, confessed to his crime but said he did not know who the victim was, said police sources. Assailant reportedly confessed his crime but surprisingly he told police that he did not know the identity of the victim.\"Following an altercation over a silly issue, Gupta had pulled out the gun and shot him in a fit of rage,\" said an investigator.The circumstantial evidences and ballistic report proved that Gupta was the killer and the seized gun had been used to shoot the victim.During the custody trial on Friday, he was found guilty and sentenced to ten years of imprisonment. But he was charged under Section 304 IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), instead of Section 302 IPC as no proper intention was found behind his act. On Friday, when the magistrate was announcing the quantum of punishment, by then also like magistrate and police, Gupta remained unaware whom had he killed?Soon after the judgement was made, public prosecutor TK Mukherjee said that such a conviction is rare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16790980", "title": "Lucknow restaurant owner dies of gunshot injury", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mukhtar, one of the owners of Sakhawat restaurant, a popular food joint near Oudh Gymkhana Club, died of a gunshot wound in Maulviganj area of the city capital on Friday afternoon. The incident took place shortly after the Friday prayers, leaving the locality tense. The family members of Mukhtar have named his friend Ravi Shanker Tripathi alias Monu as an accused in the case. The police have detained Monu but were yet to establish if Mukhtar was murdered, died from an accidental fire or committed suicide.Eye-witnesses said Mukhtar was spotted talking Monu a short distance from their group of friends. They suddenly heard the sound of a gunshot and found Mukhtar lying on the ground while Monu was nowhere to be seen. Monu owns a sweetmeat shop near Rana Pratap Marg crossing in Hazratganj.As Mukhtar was well known in the area, locals rushed to the site and took him to the Trauma Center of the King George's Medical University where the doctors pronounced him brought dead. Mukhtar has suffered a gunshot wound on his temple, doctors attending to him. In his early 30s, Mukhtar was married around two years ago and is survived by his wife. He and his two brothers were jointly running the Shekhawat Restaurant at present. The residents of the area saw Mukhtar as an extremely pleasant person.According to police, Mukhtar's family has named Monu as an accused because he was the only person present with the victim when the sound of gunshot was heard. Police have recovered a .32 bore revolver from the scene of crime which was later identified as the licensed firearm of Monu which he always carried with him. Police have sent the firearm for forensic and ballistic examination to find the finger prints on the weapon and to establish if the bullet that hit Mukhtar was fired from the same weapon.Mukhtar and Monu were seen as good friends and known to each other for years now. The locals claimed to have seen the two together quite often but feigned ignorance about the possible provocation that could have prompted Monu to kill Mukhtar.There were also possibilities of Mukhtar merely posing to commit suicide when the trigger went off accidentally. In charge of Aminabad police station inspector Mahant Yadav said \"We have arrested the person named as accused in the case and investigations into the incident were under way. We will investigate all the possible angles that could have led to the incident.\"The incident sent the police into a tizzy as almost the entire strength of the police station was deputed on VIP duty for the maiden visit of President Pranab Mukherjee to the city. But the response of the locals in Maulviganj towards the incident came as a major relied for the cops who had not ruled out possibilities of a law and order crises in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16792165", "title": "\u2018Utilization of area under phases I, II not adequate'", "text": "Doubts were first raised over the need for third phase of Rajiv Gandhi Chandigarh Technology Park (RGCTP) spread over 272 acre during a special audit that the ministry of home affairs got conducted in 2010.The audit report concluded that utilization of land in the existing Phase I and II was short of expectations. Besides, the first two phases were spread over a larger area than the concept layout plan, it said.The inquiry report had \"inter-alia concluded that the move to acquire lands for IT Park's phase III was not adequately based on sound reasoning. To substantiate this, it has been pointed out that the land earmarked for acquisition is under substantial green cover, lands taken in possession for Phase I and II had an area larger than the concept layout plan.\"The image of IT Park took a beating with allegations of land being given at low rates and the special audit observing that the administration had made attempts to bypass budgetary process by keeping receipts out of government accounts. For this, the audit report stated, the Chandigarh Housing Board (CHB) had been used as an instrument and there had been several cases of direct allotment at very low prices, violation of tender clauses and irregular appointments of consultants to supervize the bidding process.Dream shatteredThe litigation over Phase III and controversy over land allotment in the first two phases has badly hit RGCTP's prospects to attract more companies. Between 2007 and 2010, only four companies started operations from the park, which was once touted as the next big Tier II destination to benefit from the spillover from Tier I cities. The handful of companies that RGCTP boasts of include Infosys, Wipro, Bharti Airtel, Tech Mahindra and DLF.Already floppedThe ambitious Prideasia Habitat project in the existing IT Park too has failed after a large number of buyers turned away due to a dispute between UT and Parsvnath Developers. Parsvnath was given land to establish 1,431 dwelling units and a commercial complex at RGCTP. CHB, a partner in the joint venture, was to use the bid amount for constructing 25,000 flats for the rehabilitated colony residents.More controversyThe audit had raised objections on allotment of a hotel site at IT Park. It pointed out that the business hotel site land measuring 3.94 acres without permissible ground coverage of 40% was to be auctioned on December 3, 2005. The auction could not be conducted due to non-competitive rates as only one bidder turned up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16789946", "title": "Motorists worried, cabbies may launch counter protest", "text": "BANGALORE: Motorists in the city are yet to be clued into the change in timing of petrol bunks. They're wondering how to factor it into their daily schedule. With bunks opening only at 9am, chances of most people tanking up on the way to work are bleak.\"This is the most bizarre protest I've heard of in recent times,\" said business consultant Prashant Misra. \"After reporting for work, I'll have to come out just to fill petrol. If I coming during the lunch hour, there will be several people like me queuing up at the petrol bunks. What are we supposed to do during an emergency at night? Push our cars? Why is the consumer at the receiving end all the time?\" he said.Cabbies have not taken kindly to the single-shift timings. One cabbie union has threatened to protest against the petrol bunks. \"Our cabs are on the move 24x7. We may require fuel any time during day or night. If they don't do something for us, we'll protest in front of the bunks,\" said Ramesh MP, general secretary, Karnataka Tourist Motor Cab/Maxi Cab Owners' Association.Dealers are worried about losses incurred due to the increased down time. \"We're in the central business district and most of our business is at night. Keeping the bunk closed at that hour will affect our sales,\" said a petrol bunk manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790939", "title": "Amendments proposed in building bylaws", "text": "JAIPUR: As the number of vehicles is increasing in the city, parking is becoming a major problem. Thus, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has proposed strict amendments in the existing building bylaws.As per the new proposal, it will be compulsory for the developers to provide parking space for one car per unit in flats constructed on 160 sq m area. Moreover, for flats constructed on or above 200 sq m area, the builder will have to provide parking space for two cars per unit. It is also proposed to reserve 25% of the parking space for visitors. \"The proposal for amendment in bylaws will be tabled in the authority meeting on Saturday,\" a source said.On the other hand, it is proposed that G+3 and above guest houses have to show parking space in the layout plan to get approval from the JDA.Sources claimed, amendments have been proposed as the number of vehicles is increasing at a fast rate. Recently, the high court also directed the car sellers to make the buyers sign an affidavit, saying they have parking space in their houses.The JDA has also proposed amendments to encourage developers to make provision for parking space in big schemes. Relaxation in constructing multi-level parking in housing schemes developed on or above 5,000 sq m is also proposed in the new bylaws.To curb the parking menace, the JDA will also provide relaxation in construction of parking space in the basement. \"So far, the basement could only be constructed on the constructed area. It has been proposed to allow developers to construct basement in an area more than the constructed area leaving the minimum setback. However, the area can only be used as parking space,\" added source.Sources claimed, for highway hotels constructed on 100 ft road, it is proposed that owners use 33% of the green belt area. \"At present, the vehicles are parked in slip lanes causing congestion. To avoid this we have proposed to allow owners to use a portion of green belt area without touching the remaining one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16789787", "title": "Now Bhukkal sees conspiracy; Goyat on party notice", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After Haryana Congress president Phool Chand Mullana, two more party leaders have courted controversy by making objectionable remarks on the issue. State education minister Geeta Bhukkal said on Friday that \"rapes are a conspiracy against Haryana government\", a day earlier Haryana Pradesh Congress Committee (HPCC) member Dharamvir Goyat said a \"majority of the rapes are consensual\".HPCC on Friday served a show-cause notice to Goyat, asking him to explain his position within 10 days.\"Action will be taken, if Goyat does not give his reply within the stipulated time period,\" said Rajineder Singh Saini, HPCC general secretary.Ironically, HPCC president Phool Chand Mullana had himself said last week that \"there was a conspiracy behind the rise in cases of rapes in Haryana\". On Thursday, Goyat had said, \"If we get into the details of rape cases and abductions, it comes out that girls in 90% of the cases had accompanied boys with their own consent... So the cases are consensual.\"Facing heat from the party, Goyat did a U-turn on Friday, saying, \"I did not make any statement disrespecting women.\"Chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda said these may be Goyat's personal views, \"I don't know, who is he (Goyat)?\" All India Congress Committee general secretary B K Hariprasad said he has asked the party's state unit to look into the matter.Meanwhile, Bhukkal told media persons in Ambala, \"The way, the figures of rape cases are being projected, I feel that there is a conspiracy against the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16790865", "title": "Now, solving sudoku just got easier", "text": "LONDON: For those who struggle to solve a sudoku puzzle, scientists have come to your rescue!Researchers at University of Notre Dame have developed a mathematical algorithm that solves sudoku puzzles very quickly, without any guessing or backtracking. Researchers, Zoltan Toroczka and Maria Ercsey-Ravasz, however, cannot only explain why some sudoku puzzles are harder than others.Toroczkai and Ercsey-Ravasz from Romanias Babes-Bolyai University, began studying sudoku as part of their research into the theory of optimization and computational complexity.They note that most sudoku enthusiasts use what is known as a \"brute force\" system to solve problems, combined with a good deal of guessing.Brute force systems essentially deploy all possible combinations of numbers in a sudoku puzzle until the correct answer is found. While the method is successful, it is also time consuming.Instead, Toroczkai and Ercsey-Ravasz have proposed a universal analog algorithm that is completely deterministic (no guessing or exhaustive searching) and always arrives at the correct solution to a problem, and does so much more quickly.They discovered that the time it took to solve a problem with their analog algorithm correlated with the difficulty of the problem as rated by human solvers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16789356", "title": "'Employ local youth, gain financial relief'", "text": "BICHOLIM: Industries minister Mahadev Naik stated that the state is likely to draft a new industrial policy in the next two months under which it will provide 15% financial assistance to those industrial units which shoulders the responsibility of employing about 80% local youth.He was addressing a gathering during his sudden visit to industrial estate units at Bicholim to observe their functioning.He was accompanied by Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal, BMC chairperson Anisha Vernekar, deputy chairperson Narayan Betkikar, councillors Ajit Birje, Kamlakar Teli, Shashikant Naik, Premanand Mayekar, Karuna Govekar and BJP Bicholim unit president Manohar Shirodkar, former councillor Bhagwan Harmalkar and industrialists from Bicholim area.During this visit Naik found that there are about 47 working industrial units with around 1,500 workers and if encouragement in the from of financial assistance is provided to such units they may grow still further thus employing more locals.A few industrialists presented their problems in the Bicholim industrial estate which included frequent power cuts, bad condition of roads, improper canteen facility, safety, cleanliness, etc.Naik also expressed fear over not having any kind of safety measures despite having giant industrial projects which are engaged in chemical manufacturing. Naik revealed government plans to take up a new industrial estate project at Latambarcem very soon. Villagers also brought to his notice that many wells in the area were polluted due to the existing chemical factory. Locals also complained about government officials who do not answer the telephone during emergencies.After listening to public grievances Naik took the officials to the task. He also instructed them to submit a report on the same.Industrialists who put forward their grievances included Shivshankar Jirge, Nilkanth Marathe, Arun Naik and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790714", "title": "Telangana state far away: Azad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Contradicting all the theories of T-talks and early decision on separate state, AICC general secretary and Union minister of health and family welfare Ghulam Nabi Azad made it clear on Friday that a decision favouring Telangana was not possible in the near future. \"It is not an easy task,\" Azad said in his brief stop-over here on his way back to Delhi from Chennai where he attended the meeting of health ministers of southern states.During his five-hour stay in Hyderabad, Azad launched a health mela at the Exhibition Grounds. Later, Azad paid an unusual visit to the city Congress office and addressed the party leaders where the only talking point was Telangana. This time, Azad was extremely bold. \"So far, no decision has been taken on Telangana,\" he said.K Chandrasekhar Rao met during his month-long stay in Delhi last month. Claiming that he had consulted all top leaders of Congress party, Rao said a decision on Telangana is expected soon and only a final meeting is pending.However, Azad told the Congress leaders that a decision on Telangana was not as easy as the formation of Chhattisgarh, Uttaranchal and Jharkhand. \" Telangana is a complex issue. Consensus has been elusive even though we have been talking to leaders of all the regions for the past two years,\" Azad said, flanked of many senior leaders including PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana, Danam Nagender and V Hanumantha Rao.When asked about the consultations with TRS leader Chandrasekhar Rao, Azad said apart from Rao, the consultation were going with several others leaders. 'We are talking to the leaders from Telangana, Rayalaseema and Coastal Andhra. They are expressing their own views. As a result, we are not able to arrive at a consensus. The talks will go on till a consensus is reached,\" he said, adding that the separate state could not be formed without consensus.Hanumantha Rao disputed Azad's comparision of Telangana with Jharkhand, Uttaranchal and Chhattisgarh. \"They were carved out of three states -- UP, Bihar and MP. This is not the case with Telangana. Telangana was earlier an entity called Hyderabad state with a separate chief minister until it was clubbed with Andhra to form Andhra Pradesh in 1956,\" Rao said.The Rajya Sabha member said that the people of the region were demanding the restoration of status quo anti of 1956. Regarding the other comments of Azad, Rao brushed it aside stating there was nothing new in Azad's comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789148", "title": "\u2018Civic schools flouting milk scheme norms\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: It has come to light that the norms laid out for the distribution of flavoured milk in civic schools are not being followed properly.Two days after the flavoured milk scheme had resumed, 11 students in an Urdu civic school at Malwani fell ill after consuming milk on Friday. This prompted the civic body to again discontinue the scheme.Civic education committee chairman Vitthal Kharatmol said, \"Under the rules, the students were supposed to be given flavoured milk in the morning and khichdi at recess. However, this was not followed in the Malwani school where the milk was given along with khichdi. So, we have decided to send samples of the khichdi along with the flavoured milk to the FDA.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "cavrem", "code": "16789084", "title": "Mining activism took away his bread and butter", "text": "CAVREM: Anybody arriving in a four-wheeler in the interior south Goa village of Cavrem is posed with the inevitable question-\"Are you here to meet Nilesh?\"Nilesh Gaonkar is neither the local MLA nor the local landlord. Less than two years ago, Nilesh was like any other engineering diploma holder aspiring for a salaried job. He was employed at a factory at Verna industrial estate on probation and was 20 days away from being confirmed when on May 12, 2011 the unfortunate happened.\"At 8am that day, I was assaulted right outside the gates of the factory with metal rods by unknown assailants,\" Nilesh told TOI. He survived the assault and the grievous injuries on the head and two surgeries on a broken hand, but nothing could have prepared him for what was yet to come.Not only did Nilesh lose the job at the company he worked 12 months at, but repeated attempts to secure other employment failed. The reason-Nilesh was at the forefront of the movement against rampant and illegal mining in his forested tribal village of Cavrem which was also the cause of the attack. \"I was attacked from behind, with a metal rod landing on my head first. There was no opportunity to look at the attackers. Lying in a pool of blood, I managed to call up my friends, who alerted the police at Verna,\" Nilesh said. From P 1\"I was then taken to Hospicio hospital in Margao for treatment. Complications related to my fracture kept me at home for the next two months and my employer then posted me my experience certificate, which meant I lost my job,\" Nilesh said.The police case of attempt to murder has not seen much progress since.\"When I recovered, I applied for several jobs. I either didn't receive any response or I was sent feelers that my mining activism was hindering my chances. A friend who was helping me find employment was told by a manager, 'I salute Nilesh as a citizen of India, but as a manager I cannot employ him'. They were probably worried of union troubles,\" the mechanical diploma holder said.A friend finally came to his aid and helped him set up an AC repair agency, which he now operates.Nilesh paid a heavy price after he turned into the face of anti-mining activism in Cavrem. He was forced to take the lead when uncontrolled mining made living nearly impossible in the village, where Nilesh had grown up and had in his childhood woken up to the smell of freshly ploughed paddy fields and sound of flowing creamy white streams.\"There was only one mine at first and the ore was being excavated manually, which did not cause any major problems. When mechanized mining entered the village, mining truck traffic would kill at least one person every month. The streams that irrigated our traditional occupation of paddy cultivation were vomiting silt and the same silt was leaving several fields infertile year after year,\" Nilesh said.Nilesh has an impressive list of achievements to his credit that include forcing government authorities to order inspections into mining operations by staging a dharna for 20 hours, to lying on the path of mining trucks plying illegally in the night and bringing to a halt extraction of ore beyond permissible limits.Those achievements evidently weren't what an employer was looking for but are what has earned Nilesh what can be likened to devotion in his village.\"If Nilesh wanted, he could have extracted crores of rupees. We are not speaking of a small sum here. He did not have to run from employer to employer for a simple job. That is why 300 villagers will gather to one call by Nilesh,\" a villager said.Unfortunately for Nilesh, employers have not shown the same unstinted support as the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16789855", "title": "HUDA paying a lot for Basai plant alum", "text": "GURGAON: Irregularities running into several lakhs of rupees have come to light in the purchase of alum for Basai water treatment plant, according to documents of the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) accessed through the Right To Information Act.For the purpose of water treatment, HUDA buys and stocks up a huge quantity of alum annually. Alum is a crucial chemical used in cleaning water. HUDA had fixed the price at Rs 4,246 per metric ton (MT) annually and the total demand for alum is over 1,400MT annually.The documents, accessed by RTI activist Raman Sharma, clearly establish the irregularities in rates. \"As per the purchase order, HUDA is paying Rs 6,500 for alum including tax and transportation charges there is no mention of the grading of alum. As per the DGSD, the rates of alum vary according to the grading,\" said Sharma.The documents clearly establish that grade one alum is priced at Rs 4,350 per MT and Rs 3,919.78 for grade two (type one) alum. Sharma claimed that HUDA officials, however, cleared the rates for alum by tweaking the grading of alum. \"For water treatment, HUDA ordered grade two (type one) alum which is priced at Rs 3,919 per MT but accepted at the price of Rs 4,246 from the private supplier,\" said Sharma.HUDA, he said, had engaged the supplier from far-off places and is paying loading and unloading charges at Rs 1,429 (up to 750km). \"There is no justification for accepting higher rate,\" said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16786852", "title": "I would love to be a papa now, says Sushil Kumar", "text": "He's the man, who has brought two back-to-back Olympic medals for India. And yet, wrestler Sushil Kumar remains a man deeply rooted in reality. No tantrums, no nakhras and same ring tone - dedicated to Sai Baba.Nothing has changed about the man, except his confidence level, which has definitely grown quite a few notches.Gone are those shy, staccato answers because Sushil is more media savvy today, and ready to interact on subjects, which were earlier evaded by him! On his first visit to Nagpur, TOI catches up with the man...Changing aura  Ever since he has won his second Olympic medal (a silver this time), has people's attitude towards him changed? To this, he says: \"Yes, I'm getting more love and respect from different quarters. Needless to say, it's extremely heartening! In fact, it overwhelms and humbles me at the same time.\"Courting the ad world  Post his last Olympian outing, Sushil has signed many endorsement deals. And he is now associated with many big brands. Ask him how does it feel to be the new blue-eyed boy of the ad world, and Sushil says: \"I always wanted Olympic sports to come to the forefront, and now that it is finally getting its due in the ad world, I am thrilled! In the coming times, my sport will get even more recognition and my endorsements are aimed at popularising wrestling to greater heights.\"No ramp walk or films!  After traversing the ad world, is Bollywood his next destination? \"I have got so many film offers, but till date I have not said yes to even one of them. I have to do lots more for wrestling, and I want to bring more glory to the nation in the next Olympics! And I feel the glamour of films and ramp will prove to be a hindrance in this quest,\" says he.Ode to fatherhood  Professionally, he's going great guns. So, now that he's well-settled in life, any plans to start a family? He replies with a laugh: \"Yes, I would love to be a papa now! God willing, this beautiful phase will also come in my life soon! But, it all depends on God's grace!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16790621", "title": "Indian Institute of Toxicological Research Lucknow team retakes gas soil samples", "text": "BHOPAL: For the first time, scientists from Indian Institute of Toxicological Research (IITR) took soil samples from the gas affected colonies, here on Friday. The IITR was directed by the Supreme court to retake water samples, after NGO's objected to carrying out sampling during monsoons. Earlier in September, IITR had placed its findings before the court confirming contamination in 18 communities.A four-member team from the IITR Lucknow arrived in Bhopal on Friday and retook samples of 26 ground water contamination and four soil samples from 18 localities around the former Union Carbide plant.\"The NGO's had asked for carrying out another round of sampling in October because earlier the sampling of Sep 2012 was carried out during the monsoon which is not conducive for conducting water sampling,\" said activist Rachna Dhingra.Bhopal survivor organizations have been fighting since 1990 to secure clean drinking water in communities affected by ground water contamination due to Union Carbide's reckless dumping of toxic waste in and around the factory from 1969-1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16791142", "title": "Govt yet to order probe into CMO's kidnapping", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Samajwadi Party president Mulayam Singh Yadav on Thursday sought details from minister for medical health Ahmed Hasan into the alleged kidnapping of Gonda chief medical officer (CMO) Dr SP Singh by minister of state Vinod Singh on Monday night. The kidnapping was allegedly to force the CMO to include some names in the list of doctors appointed on contract basis at the government medical facilities in Gonda. The state government, however, was yet to order probe into the incident till late on Thursday evening.When TOI asked senior officials they all said that none of them had been asked to conduct any inquiry into the incident till late Thursday night. Principal secretary (home) RK Srivastava, principal secretary (health) JP Sharma, Gonda chief development officer Janardhan Baranwal (Gonda DM Abhay has proceeded on leave and the CDO is officiating in his absence) and superintendent of police J Ravindra Goud confirmed they were not aware of any such inquiry being ordered.Unconfirmed reports kept doing the rounds all through Thursday that the aggrieved CMO met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav after the latter summoned him for a first-hand account of the incident. There was no official confirmation of the meeting however. Samajwadi Party (SP) spokesperson for the state unit Rajendra Chaudhary said: \"As far as I know, no such meeting took place on Thursday\".Media reports on Thursday quoted health minister Ahmed Hasan saying he had ordered a high-level probe into the incident on Wednesday. Some reports also claimed that principal secretary health JP Sharma will head the high level probe. When contacted by TOI late Thursday evening, Sharma feigned ignorance about being entrusted with any such inquiry into the incident.Talking to the TOI on Thursday afternoon, Hasan said: \"We came to know about the incident through media yesterday (Wednesday). It is a serious matter. But, no committee has been constituted or meeting called to probe the matter on Wednesday. Now that we are aware of the case, we are looking into the facts.\"Sharma too told TOI on Thursday that he came to know about the incident through the newspapers on Thursday morning. Asked if he was aware of probe into the incident, he said, \"We are not really in a position to say much. We will be able to proceed once we have talked to either the aggrieved CMO or DM Gonda.\" When contacted again on Thursday evening, Sharma confirmed there was no progress in the matter.Director general, medical health, Dr Rama Singh, could not be contacted for comments as she had gone to Gorakhpur to take stock of the encephalitis situation on Thursday morning. Through with her inspection in Gorakhpur, she left for Kushinagar later in the evening.Sources however said that the health minister had prepared a stock-taking report at his level. He submitted the same to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at his residence at around 1.30 pm. The meeting lasted over two hours and the minister left the CM residence at around 4 pm. But, he refused to comment on the issue.While the Provincial Medical Health Services Association (PMHSA), official body of government doctors in the state, remained silent, retired officers of the health department came down heavily on the state administration for their inaction. Dr Jai Singh, former general secretary of the PMHSA who is now retired, said: \"Political pressures always made functioning of government officials difficult. The incident is probably a result of the denial to fulfill their wills and wishes after the NRHM scam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16790308", "title": "Govt to allow Sanjiv Bhatt to inspect documents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government agreed on Friday to permit suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt to inspect documents which he wanted to have access to. Upon this assurance by the government, the bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala disposed of the PIL filed by Bhatt and People's Union for Civil Liberties. The bench, however, refused to issue any direction to the Nanavati Commission to summon chief minister Narendra Modi or Bhatt, who implicated Modi in the 2002 riots. tnnThe court disposed of the PIL by permitting Bhatt to submit his demand for inspection of intelligence documents. He would be given inspection in next 15 days. The court also observed that Bhatt could file an affidavit on the basis of inspection of official records before the inquiry commission which can decide on further action as per the law.The PIL had sought directions to the government to furnish documents, which are relied on by Bhatt in his claims that the riots were deliberately not controlled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790255", "title": "Allegations burdening officials of octroi department", "text": "NAGPUR: The allegation mess against the civic body's octroi department is getting murkier with each passing day.Though not a single allegation has been proved, it is surprising that the administration is unable to put an end to the controversy kicked off by the chairman of the octroi consultative committee Kishor Dorle whose only demand is the transfer of assistant commissioner (octroi) Milind Meshram.Dorle first met mayor Anil Sole and later, the then municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare and other officials.Sources told TOI that Sole wanted Jaiswal to transfer a few officials, including Meshram. \"To avoid any impact on the revenue from octroi, Jaiswal didn't want to transfer Meshram. Jaiswal even asked the concerned officials to verify whether the chairman of the octroi consultative committee was having powers like the chairpersons of six other consultative committees. Before being transferred to Aurangabad, Jaiswal had prepared a list of officials to be transferred, including assistant commissioners. But he left without taking any decision,\" sources said.To press for his demand, Dorle, along with independent corporators, started to pressure Sole and other office bearers. Wardhane assumed charge as the civic chief in August.In their first meeting with Wardhane, the office bearers raised quite a few demands, including the transfer of Meshram and other few assistant commissioners.Sources said that Wardhane too did not heed to Dorle's demand. Wardhane made it clear that he would effect any transfers for at least six months.An enraged Dorle then started leveling allegations against tenders floated, installation of octroi scanning machines and rewards given to Meshram and other octroi officials for unearthing octroi evasion cases.In the general body meeting, Dorle made serious allegations regarding the method of unearthing octroi evasion cases. Sole ordered an inquiry but the allegations were not proved.Wardhane said that there is no issue of officials and staffers getting demoralized due to allegations. \"No action is taken without any investigation. The allegations have not been proved. The allegations will not affect revenue collection,\" he said.Meshram said that he was not demoralized and ready for any inquiry. \"It takes effort to unearth octroi evasion cases. Higher authorities decide the reward according to provisions in the bylaws,\" he said.Sole said that the fault is due to the delay by the administration in transferring the officials after every three years. \"Officials may become over confident. We took the decision to transfer officials in many departments,\" he said.The octroi department contributes around 50% of NMC's revenue. In 2010-11, the department earned Rs 363 crore followed by Rs 442 crore in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16789911", "title": "Ambience residents in catch-22 at U-turn", "text": "GURGAON: Ambience Lagoon residents are in a dilemma whether to take the U-turn from Delhi-Gurgaon expressway while coming from the Gurgaon side and go to the service road to reach their homes or take the toll plaza route and pay toll tax twice for the same.On the one hand, HUDA removed the barricades on Wednesday and allowed commuters to take whichever road they wanted, while on the other hand, traffic police, citing the Punjab and Haryana high court's order, challaned them for taking the wrong side.On Thursday evening, residents said a team of cops stood at the turn towards their society and issued challans to them for taking the U-turn beyond the expressway.Sneha Banerjee, a resident, said, \"I tried to reason with the traffic cops, but they said they were following the high court order. I could not understand the contradiction. We are unnecessarily being hassled for no fault of ours.\"I hope the court directs the authorities to address our concerns at the earliest, Banerjee said. She said that even as the traffic policemen were issuing challans they also showed a register in which commuters could note down the grave problem they were facing.Banerjee lives in Lagoon and works in a private firm in Udyog Vihar. She takes the Shankar Chowk service lane daily and crosses the main carriageway to reach her home.Traffic police said they would present counterfoils of the challans in court to tell the court that they were following its order and to show that residents were facing problem at the the expressway U-turn.However, there has been a lot of confusion over the recent court order which imposed a ban on taking a U-turn towards Ambience. The court had put the onus on Haryana police to see that the U-turn on the carriageway near the toll plaza is used only for taking a turn on the carriageway and not as crossover to service lanes on both sides, while asking the private concessionaire, Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Ltd (DGSCL), to put up signage in this regard with a warning that offenders will be challaned.Following the court order, concrete barricades were put but were soon removed when hundreds of residents staged protest on Wednesday.When contacted, ACP (traffic) Ravinder Tomar said, \"We are only following the court orders.\" Tomar alleged that DGSCL had not installed the requisite signboards in keeping with the court order.A DGSCL spokesperson, however, said that the concessionaire had put up signboards stating that anybody using the 'U-turn' as an 'L-turn' will be challaned.M N Chopra, president, Ambience Lagoon RWA, told TOI that the challaning drive continued on Friday and residents were facing problems while going to their homes from the expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16791429", "title": "Life style diseases next challenge for public health", "text": "INDORE: Non-communicable diseases like diabetes, hyper tension and cardiac problems have emerged as a major public health issue. The public health department will have to gear up to deal with such diseases along with traditional health problems like malaria and other vector borne diseases, said Dr Vikas Desai of Urban, Social Health Advocacy and Alliance ( USHAA) in the city on Friday. Desai was here to speak on strengthening health surveillance and response system at a programme organised by TARU, an organisation working on environment and related issues with Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC).She said that the number of deaths resulting from communicable diseases are declining, but deaths due to life style diseases like diabetes, hyper tension etc have increased six-fold in the past decade.Joint director health, Dr Sharad Pandit also stressed on the challenges faced by the public health department due to non-communicable diseases. He said that one out of every five persons is a diabetic and one out of every eight persons is suffering from a cardiac problem.Dr Desai sad it was time to incorporate non-communicable life style diseases also in the programme of public health department at the state and civic body level.On vector borne diseases, she said that house-to-house surveillance is very important to check spread of such diseases. She also gave example of Surat where they have teams for house-to-house surveillance and response systems. \"Surveillance and response system should go hand in hand to check vector borne diseases,\" she said. She also said that the incidence of malaria is directly related to humidity and temperature but it can be controlled with timely intervention and pre-emptive action.Discussing on the ways to control malaria, she said that drainage and construction sites are breeding grounds for mosquitoes and there should be a proper system to keep these places clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789864", "title": "HC blasts govt for 'unfair' auto, cab fare hikes", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the highest-ever increase in auto and taxi fares at one go came into effect in the city, the Bombay high court did not stay the hike but prodded the state government to consider setting up by the end of the month an expert committee, including a representative of consumer groups, to \"check the legitimacy\" of this hike and set up a mechanism for future revisions.The court also took the government to task over a lack of transparency in the fare revision process, the ad hoc nature of hikes and for leaving the crucial decision to a one-man panel. \"How do we tell a woman who has to balance her monthly budget that this (hike in fares) was a genuine and transparent exercise?\" asked Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud, who was hearing a public interest litigation against the increase filed by the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP) along with Justice Amjad Sayed. He stressed on the need for a \"scientific and objective process to revise fares by a broad-based expert panel\".During an hour-long hearing, the court repeatedly probed the government over the fare hike panel that comprised P M A Hakim, while clarifying they were not questioning his credentials.\"One man, even after broad-based consultations, may not be enough to ensure that safeguards are put in place and the price hike process is scientific,\" said the judges. \"How can the state have just one man to look into a complex issue like price fixation?\"The court also criticized the government over ad hoc fare hikes after the MGP pointed out that this was the third fare hike in the last 12 months. \"Let not fare hikes be ad hoc whenever anyone threatens a strike. A large part of the reason why citizens are unhappy is because of the lack of transparency. There should not be a feeling that the whole process was hijacked by certain interest groups as the burden ultimately falls on the common man,\" said the judges and advised the government that setting up a broad-based committee would protect it from the allegations of being biased.\"Prima facie, if the state were to put in place a formal mechanism with experts who have a wide degree of expertise in costing, rating and finance, it would obviate the need to take recourse to ad hoc measures,\" they added.The court said the panel could look at formulating a mechanism for future fare revisions while also going into the \"legitimacy of the present hike in fares\". At this, the unions urged the court to allow their representatives to be part of the committee. The court has given the state time till October 31 to inform it about setting up the committee.The court also has directed that meters of autos and taxis be recalibrated within 45 days (as the state has said) and that the new fare cards be displayed prominently in the vehicles.Experts can obviate need for ad hoc hikes: HCReferring to the Hakim committee report on fare hikes for autorickshaws and taxis in the city, the Bombay HC said on Friday: \"One man, even after broad-based consultations, may not be enough to ensure that safeguards are put in place and the price hike process is scientific. How can the state have just one man to look into a complex issue like price fixation?\"The court also criticized the state over ad hoc fare hikes after the MGP pointed out that this was the third increase in 12 months. \"Let not fare hikes be ad hoc whenever anyone threatens a strike. A large part of the reason why citizens are unhappy is because of the lack of transparency. There should not be a feeling that the whole process was hijacked by certain interest groups as the burden ultimately falls on the common man,\" said the judges, advising the state that setting up a broad-based committee would protect it from the allegations of being biased.\"Prima facie, if the state were to put in place a formal mechanism with experts who have a wide degree of expertise in costing, rating and finance, it would obviate the need to take recourse to ad hoc measures,\" they added. The HC said the panel could look at formulating a mechanism for future fare revisions while also going into the \"legitimacy of the present hike in fares\". At this, the unions urged the HC to allow their representatives to be part of the committee. The court gave the state time till October 31 to inform it about setting up the committee.The court also directed that auto/taxi meters be recalibrated within 45 days (as the state had said) and that the new fare cards be displayed prominently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad/bangalore", "code": "16789185", "title": "Cheque bounce case: NBWs against Mallya, three others", "text": "HYDERABAD/BANGALORE: Adding to the troubles of beleaguered Kingfisher Airlines Limited, a local Hyderabad court on Friday issued non-bailable warrants (NBWs) against the airline chairman Vijay Mallya and three executives. The warrants came after they failed to respond to summons in connection with a case against them for four bounced cheques worth more than Rs 10 crore filed by GMR Hyderabad International Airport Ltd (GHIAL).The NBWs were issued against the airline and chairman Mallya, chief executive officer Sanjay Aggarwal, CFO A Raghunathan and Inder Singh under section 138 of the Negotiable Instruments Act by L Kedarachary, XIII Special Magistrate Court. The next hearing in the case is slated for November 5.The bounced cheques were for remitting Passenger Service Fee (PSF) and User Development Fee (UDF) which Kingfisher has been collecting on behalf of airport from the departing passengers. It also accounted for part payment of a fee to the airport operator- GHIAL- towards landing, parking and housing its aircraft, as well as licence fee, electricity, water, admin and other charges.The petition filed by GHIAL claimed that after Kingfisher was permitted to operate from Hyderabad airport on March 23, 2008, it had been irregular in paying charges and that as of September 30, 2011, it was liable to pay Rs 25.02 crore. As part payment, Kingfisher gave Rs 10.50 crore through the cheques which bounced, the petitioner alleged.Counsel of Kingfisher sought exemption from appearance on Friday for Mallya and others but the court dismissed the plea. In Bangalore, reacting to the developments Prakash Mirpuri, KFA's VP (corporate communication), said, \"We have not been served with any warrants.\"KFA is facing similar litigation in Mumbai and Delhi. In all, Mallya owes around Rs 190 crore to airport operators across the country.In July, the Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport (CSIA), which is operated by Hyderabad-based GVK Group, filed a case against KFA after a cheque issued by the airline for Rs 5 crore bounced. Subsequently, two other cheque bounce cases of Rs 5 crore each were filed by CSIA against KFA in July and August. According to sources at CSIA, KFA owes the airport operator Rs 65 crore towards airport charges.The Indira Gandhi International Airport, run by the operators of the Hyderabad airport, has filed cases against KFA after cheques were dishonoured. Sources at the Delhi airport told TOI that KFA has run up dues to the tune of Rs 45 crore.However, Mallya has got a breather in his home-turf Bangalore, even though KFA owes the Bengaluru International Airport (BIA), which is run by GVK, in excess of Rs 60 crore. BIAL, the operators of BIA, haven't filed any cases against KFA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16789304", "title": "Activist's mother threatened", "text": "MAPUSA: An animal rights activist's mother was allegedly threatened by a panch member on Thursday.A complaint in this regard has been lodged at the Mapusa police station. Animal lovers have condemned the incident.John Fernandes, a member of the animal rescue squad - a animal rights NGO - had assisted forest officials to nab Assonora panch Francis Vaz on charges of storing nearly 7kg of venison in his refrigerator on October 5.Janice Fernandes, mother of John, lodged the complaint with the Mapusa police that Assonora panch, Vaz, threatened her and her son with dire consequences if John did not tender an open apology to him. John, who is out of the state on a mission against illegal slaughtering, told TOI that Vaz came to his house on Thursday morning.His house was closed and his mother had gone to work. Vaz managed to get the address, went to the mother's workplace and threatened her that her son will be beaten up.John's mother, along with Amrutsingh of the animal rescue squad, approached the Mapusa police station and lodge the complaint against the Assonora panch member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16791372", "title": "Cauvery crisis: Mandya ryots suspend stir", "text": "MANDYA: G Made Gowda, chairman, Mandya Zilla Raita Hitaraksana Samiti, who spearheaded the Cauvery agitation for the past 29 days, suspended the indefinite strike on Friday after the Supreme Court deferred the hearing to October 19.Announcing that \"all kinds of agitations have been suspended forthwith\", Made Gowda said the agitation had served its purpose of protecting the interest of the farmers in Cauvery basin districts through saving the little water stored in the reservoirs.\"I'm thankful to all who extended their support to the farmers' struggle to save Cauvery water. Without the massive support from various organizations across the state, we couldn't achieve our goal. Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar must keep his word and should not release the water to Tamil Nadu under any coercion come from the Cauvery River Authority or Supreme Court,\" he said. \"We'll resume our struggle, if the government releases Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu,\" he said.Made Gowda announced that the Samiti would file a petition on behalf of farmers in the Supreme Court as the state government had failed to effectively pursue the Cauvery dispute in court. \"We have decided to file a petition. We need more money to bear the advocates' fees. Donors may contribute to the Samiti,\" he said.On the last day, activists of various organizations and farmers from several villages participated in the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789484", "title": "5-star under lens for green \u2018violation\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The city's latest five-star, the 40-storey Shangri-La Hotel at Lower Parel, is already partially occupied, but the entire structure appears to have been built without the requisite state and central environment clearances.The State Expert Appraisal Committee-2 (SEAC-2), which is headed by former environment secretary Ravi Budhiraja, has directed the state environment department to verify if there was a violation and initiate legal action under the Environment Protection Act (EPA), 1986. The SEAC-2 gives eco-clearance for buildings in the Mumbai Metropolitan Region, after which clearance must be given by the State Environment Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA). Final clearance must come from the Union Ministry for Environment and Forests (MoEF), which under the EPA clears all buildings with a built-up area of over 2 lakh sq ft.The hotel's owner, Pune-based builder Avinash Bhosale, who is reportedly close to a senior NCP leader and Union minister, was unavailable for comment. However, his son Amit Bhosale said the SEAC-2's ruling was not final. \"We have been called for another hearing to make a presentation. It would be too early to jump to conclusions,\" he said.The SEAC-2 noted that the hotel, with a total built-up area of around 14.3 lakh sq ft, has been completely constructed. \"As per the provisions of the Environment Impact Assessment (EIA) notification 1994 as amended on July 7, 2004 and EIA Notification 2006, environmental clearance should have been obtained before the start of construction. Therefore the project under consideration appears to be in violation of the Environment Protection Act, 1986. The SEIAA/environment department after due verification may initiate legal action.\"The lack of clearances came to light when the proprietors, after having constructed around 14 lakh sq ft, wanted to expand the hotel by approximately another 35,000 sq ft. For the expansion, they approached the BMC for additional floor space index, which the BMC allowed subject to state environment clearance. Civic sources said the developers paid approximately Rs 65 crore as premium for the same and went ahead and built the 35,000 sq ft.However, when the developers went to the SEAC for clearance, the panel pointed out that no green clearance had been got for even the initial 14 lakh sq ft. At that point the developers presented a 2005 No-Objection Certificate (NOC) from the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) which waived off the requirement for an environment clearance. Based on the NOC, the developers constructed the initial 14 lakh sq ft. The developers then also asked for the entire 14.3 lakh sq ft to be cleared.The SEAC in May this year directed the state environment department to submit a report on whether the MPCB was a competent authority to issue such an NOC.The BMC issued a commencement certificate in 2004 and subsequently amended plans in 2004, 2007, 2010 and even 2012. It granted a part Occupation Certificate in 2010. The SEAC has also asked for an investigation into the sanctions granted by the BMC, and suitable action in case of wrongdoing.State environment secretary Valsa Nair-Singh said the department was looking into the case. \"The investigation is not complete,\" she said. Budhiraja told TOI that the SEAC was awaiting the environment department's report. \"Based on the report we shall recommend action,\" he said.Activist and lawyer Y P Singh said the EPA spelled out two possible actions. \"First, file a First Information Report since it is a cognisable and non-bailable offence. That would help in a proper investigation and enable the collection of evidence. Second, a complaint can also be filed in a metropolitan magistrate's court without approaching the police,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi ", "code": "16790282", "title": "Centre urges Bengal govt to deny preferential treatment to prisoners linked to banned outfits", "text": "NEW DELHI : Worried over a recent Kolkata High Court order granting \"political prisoner\" status to seven jailed Maoists, including Lalgarh leader Chhatradhar Mahato, the Centre has advised the West Bengal government to either appeal against the judgment or amend the West Bengal Correctional Services Act, 1992, to deny preferential treatment to prisoners associated with outlawed outfits.The Union home ministry wrote to the Bengal government earlier this month, pointing to the risk of jailed operatives of outfits banned under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act (UAPA) interpreting the August 8 court order to claim preferential jail facilities due to a political prisoner. Apprehensive that the order may encourage not only Maoists but even hardcore terrorists and insurgents lodged in the state's prisons to seek classification as a political prisoner, the home ministry advised the state government to amend Section 24 of the state law to exclude acts of sedition under the UAPA from the definition of a 'political offence'.The West Bengal Correctional Services Act, under which the HC gave relief to the Maoists, acknowledges anyone who has committed an alleged offence during a political or democratic movement with an exclusive political objective - free from personal greed or motive - as a 'political prisoner'. In fact, the court had, in its order, noted that \"the rather broad contours of the definition (of a political prisoner) suggest that the person accused of a political offence being a member of an unlawful organization, is not excluded.\"\"Technically, \"political prisoner\" status can be accorded under the Act to even an Indian Mujahideen, Lasher-e-Taiba or al- Qaeda operative, since the person is not working for personal motives but for an ideology. To ensure that these perpetrators of mindless violence do not misuse the Act, aimed essentially at prison reforms, to get preferential facilities such as a separate cell, home-cooked food and access to newspapers and books, the state Act needs to be amended to exclude them from its purview,\" said a senior Central government official.According to ministry sources, the state home department has given a verbal assurance to the Centre that it would consider the option of amending the state law.The West Bengal Correctional Services Act, 1992, was enacted by the then Jyoti Basu government, supposedly with underlying motive to ensure preferential treatment to jailed Marxist cadres accused of indulging in political violence. With the Left regime making way for the Mamata Banerjee government, scrapping the provisions granting special facilities to undertrials and convicts, who may have perpetrated violence to allegedly further political interests of the Marxists, could be a possibility.Though the Centre has given the Bengal government the option of filing an appeal against the HC order, officials here are not all that confident of getting a relief as the verdict appears legally sound as far as alignment with provisions of the West Bengal Correctional Services Act, 1992, is concerned. In any case, the outer limit for filing an appeal expires, in less than a month, on November 8.The HC order had extended 'political prisoner' status to seven Maoists, including Mahato, Sambhu Soren, Sagun Murmu, Suksanti Baskey and Prasun Chatterjee, all of whom were active in Lalgarh, the hotbed of Maoist movement in Bengal. The other beneficiaries were Gaur Narayanan Chakraborty, arrested in Kolkata in 2009, and V Venketeswara Reddy of Andhra Pradesh , who was held in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790384", "title": "Exquisite pandals and tradition to mark Durga puja", "text": "NAGPUR: Migrant population living outside Bengal creates its traditional flavours anywhere with pujo pandals vibrating with sounds of dhol, bells and Bengali chatter. The city too soaks in the pujo fervour through eight to ten pandals set up during Durga puja.The 102-year-old Durga puja organized at Dinanath High School by the Bengali Association is famous for the traditional manner in which it is held. \"There are many housewives and renowned Bengali families who work very hard during this time,\" says Pradip Ganguly, secretary of the association. The cast and frame used for making the idol is also 80-year-old. \"There is praan in it and it can be felt through the vibrations that emanate from the idols,\" says Ganguly. Though the space here is crammed but a new mandal that comes up in the city every year eases some pressure. \"The rituals performed at our pujo are like ones practised at home,\" he adds.Preparations are in full swing at the Sarbajanin Durgotsav organized under the aegis of Bengali Cultural Society at Katol Road. The pandal is a replica of the Vidhan Sauda in Bangalore. \"We select from the various pictures that the decorators show us,\" says Soumyendu Sarkar, general secretary of the society. Counted at the top of all such organizations in term of scale and footfalls, this puja is in its 52nd year. The five day celebrations will have performances by artists from Kolkata. \"On Oct 21, Gopa Majumdar, an artist from Rabindra Bharati Rabindra Sangeet, will perform. Nazrul Geeti, which is the presentation of writings of Kali bhakt Nazrul Islam, will be presented on Oct 22,\" informs Sarkar. The idols are being made by Ranadipta Pal, an artist who has come from Kolkata.Moving beyond the realms of caste and creed is Shri Shri Durga Puja organized near Itwari Railway station. \"We are located in a commercial area, so we get the support of businessmen of Itwari,\" says Pravin Ghosh, president of the association. The pujo pandal this year is designed to look like the iconic Bellur Math near Kolkata. \"Sandhi puja performed in our pandal is the most traditional and huge in scale,\" informs Ravi Chakraborty, secretary.Prasad is distributed on three days on saptami, ashtami and naomi. \"People sit and eat and there are no restrictions of any sort,\" says Chakraborty and adds that nearly 2000 people visit the pandal every day during pujo.For the organizers of Nagpur Airport Durga puja, who are staff of AAI and MIHAN, this is a landmark year as they have moved out of their venue for 27 years, the community centre at Airport colony to Remote Receiver Station on Wardha Road. \"We want the entire city to connect with our puja. Thus we are bringing it out of airport area,\" says Sanjay De, general secretary of the association. The pandal is a 15,000 square ft replica of ancient Shiva temple of Bengal. In addition to the main durga idol, there will be nine other idols depicting nine forms of Durga. \"We will begin on Oct 17{+ }as we are organizing a mela and for this we need a longer span,\" informs De. Food, entertainment and merchandizing are all part of the festivities this year, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16789774", "title": "'Money power makes parties overlook candidates' criminal past'", "text": "SHIMLA: Pressing for much-needed electoral reforms, the National Election Watch (NEW) has cautioned about money power dominating the polls in Himachal and the NGO has also noted a gender bias where major political parties are not selecting enough women candidates, besides overlooking track records of candidates.Talking to mediapersons, NEW national coordinator Anil Bariwal said from the current 68 MLAs, as many as 27 have declared in their nominations that they have criminal cases pending against them. He said money power was another worrying factor. \"Even in the hill state, the rich are dominating the political space for there are 20 crorepatis (29%) and the average asset of 68 MLAs was Rs 1.35 crore,\" Bariwal said. The richest was Lakvinder Rana, MLA from Nalagarh in Solan district, who has declared assets worth Rs 36.23 crore, he said adding that only 5 women legislators (7%) represent the fair sex in the house.Demanding strong measures to clean the electoral system, NEW has sought a transparent funding and accounting procedure of political parties. He said data with the Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR) the NGO of which NEW is a part showed that of Rs 2,008.71 crore income shown by Congress from 2004-05 to 2010-11 at the national level, donations constituted merely Rs 2,72.50 crore, just 13.57%.Asking for stringent measures to curb election expenses by candidates, the NEW national coordinator said paid news was polluting the election scenario and such surrogate advertising was leaking through the expense declared by election candidates.Bariwal said they were also demanding an option for electorate to cast their vote in favour of none of the candidates in the fray. \"Such a choice provided to voters would push political parties to put clean, honest and hardworking candidates and would go a long way in cleansing the electoral system,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16789190", "title": "Panchayati Raj: Goa to mark 50 years", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government will hold year-long celebrations of the golden jubilee of Panchayati Raj in the state beginning on October 24, minister for Panchayati Raj Laxmikant Parsekar announced on Wednesday.Briefing the media, Parsekar said that after the liberation of Goa, the first election to village Panchayats in Goa was held on October 24, 1962. As the completion of 50 years of Panchayati Raj in Goa is an important event, the government will hold year-long celebrations beginning with a grand function at the Taleigao community hall at 10 a.m. on October 24, 2013.The government has already constituted a \"Celebration Committee\" for advising and giving inputs for holding various programmes during the celebration of Golden Jubilee Year. The 29-member committee will be chaired by the minister for Panchayat Raj.In its first meeting on Wednesday, the committee decided that at the inaugural function, various personalities will be felicitated including surviving members of the first Panchayati bodies, Panch members who have been elected for five terms, Sarpanchas who have held the post for three full terms (not consecutively), and lady Panchas who served as Sarpanchas before the post was reserved for ladies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789510", "title": "Louise Khurshid files Rs 100 crore defamation suit against channel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by questions raised on functioning of a Trust run by her, Louise Khurshid, wife of law minister Salman Khurshid , Friday filed a suit for damages in the Delhi high court.The suit seeks damages from a private television group for airing a programme alleging financial irregularities in a trust run by the couple.Sources said that damages of Rs 100 crore have been claimed in the lawsuit filed by Louise against the TV Today group for broadcasting the \"defamatory\" programme on its channels --Headlines Today and Aaj Tak recently.The case is likely to be listed next week. A sting operation by the television channel has alleged that financial irregularities were committed in the Zakir Husain Memorial Trust by the couple during 2009-2010 in Uttar Pradesh for the benefit of physically challenged people in the state.The Khurshids have strongly denied the charges. Louise said allegations were \"devoid of any merit, and is false, malicious and baseless.\" In a press release issued Friday, Louise Khurshid said she had verified with the Comptroller and Auditor General's Office and found that the document flashed by the news channels is not a CAG report, but \"merely an excerpt from an initial internal Inspection Report\".The press statement adds the Inspection report seeks from the ministry of social justice and empowerment for certain clarifications and denies there has been any misappropriation of funds.All appropriate documentation including proof of camps, all beneficiary lists and utilization certificate, duly audited have been duly submitted, Louise Khurshid says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16790630", "title": "Kerala Metals and Minerals Ltd causing radiation: PIL", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala Metals and Minerals Ltd (KMML) is causing radiation in areas surrounding its plant at Chavara in Kollam, alleges a public interest litigation filed before the Kerala high court on Friday.Thorium, a radioactive material contained in a mineral called monazite in black sand, is getting exposed as the unutilized sand that masks the radioactivity of thorium is being sold off by KMML instead of returning it to the area mined. The radioactivity of thorium found in beach sand is in the range of 0.32-6.44 becquerel per kilogram. However, radioactivity of thorium in monazite sand, it is 322 bq/kg, points out the petition filed by Joy Kaitharath, secretary of Thrissur-based Human Rights Protection Centre.The problem of radiation arose when KMML, a PSU manufacturing titanium dioxide, began the practice of selling waste sand returned after extraction of minerals. needed for its products.Ninety per cent of the sand mined by KMML is returned as unutilized sand after processing. When returned to the area mined, it would mask the radioactivity of thorium in monazite. Citing 'Untold Story of Mining', an article published in the Down to Earth journalin July last year and information obtained using RTI, the petitioner points out that KMML had sold 39,553 tonnes of waste sand in 2009. Such authorized sale, combined with unauthorized sale, results in a decrease in availability of waste sand for refilling the mined area to mask radiation, the petitioner contends.Although earlier KMML used to extract monazite also from sand, the practice was discontinued as its demand for making gas mantles fell.The court should order for constituting an expert group consisting of experts in nuclear physics, nuclear engineering and mechanical engineering to study the effect of non-masking of radioactive materialslike thorium, the petition filed through advocate Babu Joseph Kuruvathazha states.Liquor policy: Litigant seeks to prosecute excise minister for contemptA public interest litigant has sought the advocate general's permission for filing a contempt of court petition against excise minister K Babu for his reactions towards Kerala high court's orders on liquor policy. The application was filed by advocate Basil Attipetty to advocate general K P Dandapani on Friday. The AG has to give sanction in writing to persons seeking to initiate criminal contempt proceedings at the high court, according to section 15 of the Contempt of Courts Act of 1971.The minister's statement that is being challenged includes his reaction to the high court's order striking down the amendment brought in by the state to restrict bar licences to three-star restaurants and above. Speaking at a public meeting on March 31, he was reported to have stated that the court should not obstruct the government's excise policy.He was quoted to have said that the court's order was painful.The petitioner questions his reaction to the court's suggestion to ban toddy in view of the disparity between the quantity of toddy produced and being consumed in the state.He was reported to have stated that it is not for the court to decide what the people of Kerala should drink. A single bench's order that touched upon the minister's reaction on toddy ban issue is also referred to by the litigant.On October 4, Justice S Siri Jagan had observed in a judgment that the minister and other political leaders have come out with a tirade against the court's suggestion to ban toddy for appeasing vote banks and without understanding the court's spirit.Classification of coconut juice as alcohol challenged in high courtCategorization of neera, the sweet juice drawn from coconut trees, as an alcoholic drink in Kerala Abkari Act is being challenged before the Kerala high court. Neera has been included in the definition of toddy in the act even though it is not intoxicating, contends the petition filed by A Jayaram, a coconut farmer hailing from Thrissur. Classifying it as toddy violates the basic human rights of more than 15 lakh coconut farmers, and has seriously affected the tourism industry, the petitioner contends. Deprived of employment opportunities, coconut farmers are being forced to sell their farms.Instead of promoting original coconut-based products like neera, which are healthy and environment friendly, the state is promoting liquor consumption, which results in deaths.Kerala Metals and Minerals Ltd (KMML) is causing radiation in areas surrounding its plant at Chavara in Kollam, alleges a public interest litigation filed before the Kerala High Court on Friday.Thorium, a radioactive material contained in a mineral called monazite in black sand, is getting exposed as the unutilized sand that masks the radioactivity of thorium is being sold off by KMML instead of returning it to the area mined, the PIL said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790337", "title": "LPG refills as per Centre's norms", "text": "HYDERABAD: Indian Oil's Indane LPG refills (both domestic subsidised and non-subsidised) will be supplied to customers as per the recent scheme announced by the central government from now on. Buyers are eligible for three subsidised domestic cylinders from September 14 till March 31, 2013. There is however, no restriction in the number of domestic non-subsidised cylinders that customers can avail if they exhaust the three subsidised LPG refills, according to an official release issued by Indian Oil Corporation Limited , Southern region, Chennai, on Friday. tnnAlso effective from April 1, 2013, LPG customers can avail only six domestic subsidised LPG refills per financial year. There are no restrictions on the number of domestic non-subsidised cylinders that customers can avail beyond the six subsidised cylinders.Indane customers are requested to stick to the existing system of LPG refill bookings. Indane customers of Hyderabad twin cities, Visakhapatnam, Vijayawada and Tirupati should book refills through IVRS/SMS over the mobile number 9848824365 so that refills reach only to genuine Indane LPG users.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789701", "title": "5,000 sq ft construction razed in Dhayari despite opposition", "text": "PUNE: Local residents obstructed the demolition drive in Dhayari on the second consecutive day on Friday. However, the demolition squad of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) used smaller machinery and took to manually bringing down the structures. They managed to raze illegal construction spread over nearly 5,000 sq ft.PMC's ongoing drive against illegal constructions was suspended on Thursday following strong opposition from local residents. On Friday, the residents obstructed the drive by blocking the road in the area.Sudhir Kadam, executive engineer of the building department, PMC, told reporters, \"Action was initiated in Bibvewadi, Wadgaon Budruk and Dhayari areas on Thursday. There was no police force accompanying the demolition squad. Thus the drive in Dhayari had to be suspended after stiff opposition from local residents.\"On Thursday, industrial shades spread over 20,400 sq ft in Bibvewadi area were demolished, while illegal constructions of over 6,000 sq ft were demolished in Wadagon Budruk. In Dhayari, before the drive was suspended, PMC officials managed to bring down structures spread over nearly 3,000 sq ft.\"We had enough police support on Friday, but the residents blocked the road by parking cars on the both sides of the road. They did not allow the machinery, including JCB, trucks and other vehicles, to enter the spots\" said Kadam.\"We wanted to send across a message that the drive will continue despite the opposition. So some of the staff with smaller machinery took another route to reach the illegal buildings and carried out the action,\" Kadam said.EOM/pk/ radhe", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791890", "title": "Dutch woman murder: Cops ready with chargesheet", "text": "CHENNAI: Mamallapuram police are ready to file a chargesheet against Dutch national Remco Elisabeth Martin Joseph for the murder of his 35-year-old girlfriend Johannah Cornalia Lamberta near Mamallapuram in March.\"We have substantial evidence and several witnesses to strengthen our case against Joseph and prove that he committed the murder,\" an investigating officer said. \"We are waiting for legal opinion, and are likely to file the chargesheet next week.\"Lamberta, also a Dutch national, was found dead in a house near Mamallapuram, 60km from Chennai, on March 23. A postmortem concluded that she had been beaten to death. Police arrested her boyfriend, Joseph, 32, a boat mechanic in the Netherlands, in connection with the murder.\"We have included as witness an autorickshaw driver, who helped police nab Joseph at the crime scene,\" the officer said. \"A maid, Valli, who used to help the couple and cook for them, has also stated that she witnessed the couple quarrel shortly before the murder.\"The police have prepared a 60-page chargesheet against Joseph.The investigators have included material evidence including the victim's bloodstained clothes and a club which was recovered from the house.Mamallapuram police had initially registered a case under Section 174 (suspicious death) of the CrPC. Investigating officers later made it a case of murder and arrested Joseph. Police said Joseph confessed to having committed the crime in a fit of rage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16792183", "title": "Police to rely on cellphone data to nail temple burglars", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police are relying on cell phone data analysis to zero in on the culprits behind the sensational Lal Darwaza Mahankali temple burglary case in Old City. As fingerprint analysis and interrogation of suspects did not yield any positive result , police have now decided to check all the cell phones that were active near the temple on the night of last Tuesday when the burglary happened.For this purpose, police have written to all the cell phone service providers requesting them to provide details of the cell phones active near Mahankali temple from 11 pm on Tuesday till 3 am on Wednesday. \"It's a cumbersome process to trace out the culprit through this method but we are confident that it will yield a positive result,\" said an investigating officer.Once the active phone number list is obtained, police will be cross referring the cell phone user names to the list of Modus Operandi (MO) criminals. This year alone, both Hyderabad and Cyberabad cops have arrested 45 temple burglars and since 2001, Hyderabad city police have arrested 70 such thieves.The investigating officers will now be cross verifying the names of these burglars with the active cell phone users near Mahankali temple. While this process is on, the special teams have already been picking up the MO criminals who are out on bail and staying in the city for questioning . In the last two days, the investigating officials have picked up 28 such suspects and interrogated them.\"We are grilling the suspects about their whereabouts on the day of the theft and cross verifying their answers with that of their associates to get some clues. But so far, there are no specific leads,\" said a source. From the crime scene, forensic experts have collected four screenable' fingerprints..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16791146", "title": "State hopes to become power surplus by 2014", "text": "RANCHI: Even as Jharkhand meets half of its power requirement from central sector and generating units outside the state, the government is hopeful of becoming power surplus by 2014 adding around 2,500MW to the existing domestic capacity. Keeping this under consideration, the government is preparing plans for erecting infrastructure for transmission lines that will enable the state in evacuating the power produced in the state.Talking to media, chief minister Arjun Munda said on Thursday that the state was concerned about transmission infrastructure and the Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL) has been entrusted with the work of revamping transmission infrastructure within a couple of years. \"At present, we are taking up repair and maintenance (R&M;) work of the Patratu Thermal Power Station (PTPS) so as to add 3x660 MW power generation capacity at shortest possible time,\" he said.Munda hinted that the Tenughat Vidyut Nigam Limited (TVNL) also needs to be revamped but the matter was held up between Bihar and Jharkhand for division of assets and liabilities. \"Once the TVNL issue gets resolved and some of the captive power plants of various private companies become functional, the state is likely to have around 3000 MW of power for which evacuation would be a big challenge,\" he said.The cabinet during its meet in July this year had given nod to Rs 1,454 crore project to revamp the transmission network. The work order has been given to the PGCIL to convert the existing 220 KV transmission line to 400 KV and install transformer of higher capacity.Munda said till date 23,000 villages were electrified under the Rajiv Gandhi Grammen Vidyutikaran Yojna (RGGVY) and decision was taken about the remaining 1,480 villages. \"These villages will be electrified by the JSEB under the rural electrification scheme and the process will be monitored by the CM secretariat closely,\" he said.In giving nod to private parties for producing power in the state, the government has entered into an agreement with the power generating companies to procure 25%of the net generation on variable cost basis. The Jharkhand State Electricity Regulatory Commission will decide the price on which the state will procure the one-fourth component of the net power generated in the state.Munda said this additional power would straightway go to the transmission system replenishing the existing shortfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16789192", "title": "A ray of hope for Borim's bridge", "text": "PANAJI: The PWD has invited tenders for the rehabilitation of the 411-metre-long Borim bridge connecting Borim in Ponda taluka to Camurlim in Salcette. The estimated cost of the rehabilitation is 10-crore.PWD officials said that the bridge which was built around 1983 has lost some of its load-carrying capacity due to the internal corrosion of steel. While this has happened due to the severe saline atmosphere , PWD engineers hope to rehabilitate the bridge by externally pre-stressing it with stainless steel cables. Also, the wearing coat of the bridge has worn out and the railings are also partly damaged due to the saline atmosphere.The problems came to light following an inspection of the bridges. PWD officials said that the Borim bridge was built based on the same design as the Zuari bridge and the Kali Nadi bridge in Karwar. These are balanced cantilever, cast-in-situ pre-stressed concrete bridges and that is why all of them are having similar problems of late.The ministry of road transport and highways (MORTH) has sanctioned the rehabilitation of the bridge that not only includes external pre-stressing of the bridge but also replacement/correction of the expansion joints and replacement of wearing coat by hot mixing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16789276", "title": "Deshprabhu, mines officials booked", "text": "PANAJI: The crime branch late on Friday night registered the first information report (FIR) against Congress leader Jitendra Deshprabhu and four officials of the directorate of mines and geology in connection with the missing files from the department and the destruction of evidence in the alleged illegal mining case at Korgao village in Pernem.Deshprabhu was earlier arrested in connection with the case.The directorate of mines and geology director Prasanna Acharya lodged a complaint at the crime branch about the illegal extraction of 2 lakh tonnes of ore and for causing a loss of Rs 50 crore to the state exchequer.Acharya, in his complaint, said that the file regarding illegal mining at Korgao was missing from the department and they suspect the mines department officials for it.The crime branch registered the offence under Sections 4, 4 (1A) read with 21 of the Mines and Minerals (development and regulation) Act 1957; Rule 7 of the Goa (Prevention of illegal mines, transporation and storage of minerals) Rules 2004; 17-A, 17-B of Town and Country Planning Act, 21 read with 7 of Air (prevention and control of pollution) Act 1981, Section 25(I) read with 44 of water (prevention and control of pollution) Act, 1974, Section 3(I) 7, 15 and 19 of Environment (protection) Act, 1986, Sections 217, 218, 201, 409, 420, 379 read with 120-B IPC, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11 and 13 of the Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16790196", "title": "Special train for festive rush", "text": "BANGALORE: In order to clear extra rush during the festive season, the railways have decided to run a special train (Up and Down) between Bangalore - Santragachi - Bangalore.Train Number 06519 Bangalore City - Santragachi Express Special will leave Bangalore City station on October 14 at 10.20am and reach Santragachi at 9.30 pm on October 15.Train Number 06520 Santragachi - Bangalore City Express Special will start from Santragachi on October 14 at 4pm to arrive at Bangalore City station at 11.30pm on October 17.The train will run from Bangalore City via Krishnarajapuram, Jolarpettai, Katpadi, Arakkonam, Chennai, Gudur, Nellore, Ongole, Vijayawada, Eluru, Rajamundri, Samalkot, Ankapalli, Duvvada, Vizianagaram, Srikakulam Road, Palasa, Brahmapur, Khurda Road, Bhubaneshwar, Cuttack, Jaipur Keonjhar Road, Bhadrak, Balasore and Kharagpur to reach Santragachi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16791254", "title": "Deputy commissioner issues ultimatum on NH-75 repair work", "text": "GARHWA: Deputy commissioner RP Sinha has asked Patil Construction Company to complete repair of NH-75 before Durga Puja. He has directed the company's general manager, Ramayan Singh, and executive engineer to ensure repair at any cost.The DC has also directed the executive engineer of drinking water and sanitation department to remove hand-pumps from the roadside by October 18 so that there is no hindrance in the road repair work. \"The company has to complete the work before Durga Puja at any cost,\" said the DC.The project in-charge of the company, Ranjan Kumar Das, had lodged a complaint about some anti-social elements trying to create hindrance during repair work at Ramuna. Das had said some unknown miscreants had opened fire on workers engaged in road repair work on Wednesday night.\"I have asked SP Michael Raj to ensure deputation of police force at the road construction site at Ramuna so that the workers don't face any problem,\" Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16789202", "title": "Bhoma man hangs self to death", "text": "PONDA: Kanta Raya Naik, a 72-year-old resident of Bhoma, was found hanging from a cashew tree at his village on Friday.Ponda police suspect that he could have committed suicide late Thursday night or early Friday morning.Ponda police said that Naik was not found at his home on Friday morning and his family members were searching for him. After his family found him hanging from a cashew tree near the Mahadev temple in his village, they immediately informed police, who later retrieved the body and sent it for an autopsy to the Goa medical college (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim.The body was handed over to the family on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "palwal", "code": "16789567", "title": "Kirori Mal College professor robbed on Agra highway", "text": "PALWAL: A Delhi family was robbed near Palwal on the Delhi-Agra highway, last Sunday. The victims \u2014 Professor Rishal Singh of Kirori Mal College, his wife Nisha and his mother Harmanti Devi \u2014 were returning home from Mathura when robbers in a car overtook and stopped them around 2.30pm, police said.Sources said the family was forced to stop a few kilometres ahead of the Gadpuri police post. Four men alighted from the other vehicle and beat up the Singhs before snatching their valuables.Although police initially dissuaded the family from recording a complaint, a case was registered on Thursday, reportedly on the intervention of the professor's local contacts. Police now say the gang that followed the family from Palwal may be the same that has carried out eight robberies on the highway in the last seven months.There has been a spate of robberies on the Delhi-Agra highway between Hodal-Palwal and Ballabhgarh since July. On July 3, a truck was looted in Prithala. The same day a Scorpio was looted in Bancheri village. On July 7 and then July 10, two more cars were looted. On August 12, a family was also looted of valuables.\"In all these cases, we have found the same modus operandi of goons overtaking vehicles and robbing drivers. We are scanning CCTV footage and questioning owners of highway eateries. We hope to make a breakthrough soon,'' said a Faridabad police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790332", "title": "Water supply to police quarters snapped", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has snapped the drinking water supply connections in police quarters at Sultan Bazaar as the latter did not clear arrears amounting to Rs 5.32 lakh. There are 24 quarters occupied by police constables in Sultan Bazaar.According to Water Board officials, the arrears have been pending for nearly five years. \"As per the orders issued by HMWS&SB; managing director J Syamala Rao, we have disconnected the water connection,\" O&M; division-IV general manager M Krishna told TOI.When contacted, Sultan Bazaar station house officer B Anand confirmed that the connections were snapped on Thursday.So far, 541 water supply connections have been cut since the drive started on September 24. Outstanding dues from these defaulters amount to nearly Rs 2.01 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789893", "title": "Feroz booked Kasarwadi tenement for 3 months: cops", "text": "PUNE: The two-room tenement at Kasarwadi, where the Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives allegedly stayed for a few weeks just before the August 1 Jangli Maharaj Road blasts, was taken on rent by Sayyed Feroz through a real estate agent, police sources said here on Friday.Feroz and two other IM men, whose names the Delhi Police have withheld for now, had informed the owner of the building, Yousuf Shaikh, that they would be staying there for three months, the sources said. \"Feroz and the two others had told Shaikh that they were workers engaged in the construction of mobile towers. They paid a deposit of Rs 18,000 and an additional Rs 2,000 towards electricity charges. They also paid an advance rent of Rs 6,000,\" the sources said.The trio had brought with them three mattresses, bedsheets, a bucket and a stove. \"All the items have been removed from the tenement by Shaikh after the three men failed to return since the last two months,\" the sources said.On Thursday, the Delhi Police announced that Feroz, a resident of Pune, Imran Khan of Nanded and Asad Khan of Aurangabad had been picked up in the capital in connection with the Pune blasts and other terror-related cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16789596", "title": "Roger Federer basks in 'incredible' feat", "text": "SHANGHAI: For much of his near two-hour pre-quarterfinal encounter against friend and compatriot Stanislas Wawrinka , Roger Federer wore a scowl. On the threshold of a record milestone, he was taking wild heaves from the back of the court, much like a struggling schoolboy.The 31-year-old, however, turned it around in time to make the last eight of the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000, the win ensuring he retained the No. 1 ranking for one more week which allows the Swiss ace to complete a historic 300-week reign at the top of the men's game when the new rankings come out on Monday.Fittingly, Federer's countenance was accessorized with a smile at the post-match media conference.Federer, who had a testing build-up to the tournament, said the record was something he was proud of. \"It's an amazing number. I never thought of it when I was a kid. Back then, I hoped I'd realise my dream of playing regularly on the Tour, playing Wimbledon and may be at some stage, becoming world No. 1. So here I am at 300 weeks. It's incredible, one of my biggest accomplishments.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790231", "title": "Mahagenco set to build 12 million tonne washery at Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station", "text": "NAGPUR: In what can be termed as a solution for many problems, Maharashtra State Power Generation Company Limited (Mahagenco) appears serious about setting up its own coal washery. It has received a favourable report from a consultant regarding the feasibility of a washery with 12 million tonne per annum (MTPA) installed capacity along with a power plant based on reject coal generated from the washery at its biggest thermal power station at Chandrapur.The state power generation utility has floated an enquiry for appointment of consultants to execute the process of obtaining environment clearance from the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) and consent from the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board ( MPCB) within 48 weeks. This proves Mahagenco has finalized plans to set up a washery at Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station (CSTPS). The 12 MTPA capacity plant would be probably the biggest in the state.\"Installing and operating coal washery of 12 MTPA capacity at CSTPS premises along with circulating fluidized bed combustion (CFBC) power plant is feasible according to the pre-feasibility report submitted by M/s Enestee Engineering Limited. The report says 3.5 MTPA reject coal with gross calorific value of 1000-1200 kcal/kg will be generated. Around 600MW power can be generated from this coal,\" Mahagenco says in the enquiry document.The report submitted by chairman of city-based Enestee Engineering Madhu Nair said the washery and power unit with installed capacity of 250MW can be established in 62.50 acre open space available in the CSTPS premises between the existing coal belt and the primary crusher of 210MW unit. The plant can come up on 15 acre, reject coal stockyard in 5 acre, power unit in 10 acre and greenery along with other utility area in 32.50 acre.Meanwhile, a senior Mahagenco official told TOI the company had even appointed New Delhi-based Desein Private Limited to prepare a detailed project report of washery and CFBC power unit. \"Report is expected in this month. CSTPS receives 11-12 MTPA coal from three coal companies; WCL, MCL and SECL. The entire coal may be washed to improve its value before it is consumed in the seven power generation units. Besides, the reject coal after washing will also be used at the CFBC power unit,\" he said.The washing of coal has been a long controversy for Mahagenco. The MoEF came up with a mandatory norm to ensure washing of coal with ash content over 34% on September 14, 2006. Since then, Mahagenco retained private washery operators to process 5-7 MTPA coal washed of the total 37 MTPA supplied by four coal companies. This gave rise to several controversies. Mahagenco started to plan its own washery in 2009, however the plan was delayed.Meanwhile, washing of coal at private operators stopped in May 2011. Since then, Mahagenco has been consuming high ash content coal in its power stations, thus polluting the environment and also incurring power generation and financial loss. Thus, Mahagenco's plan, if it materializes, may put an end to these controversies and loss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16790225", "title": "What new will Sonia tell her party workers?", "text": "BANGALORE: AICC president Sonia Gandhi is making her second trip to the state in six months on October 18. In April this year, when she visited the state ostensibly to woo the Lingayats with her visit to Siddaganga mutt, she exhorted Congressmen to \"first work towards coming to power and then set eyes on the chief minister's post\", while addressing the party's general body meeting in Tumkur. The reference was pointedly to the cold war between KPCC president G Parameshwara and opposition leader in the assembly Siddaramaiah.But six months hence, nothing has changed. So what new will Sonia say to party workers in Mangalore during her visit, seen as a preparation for the prestigious Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) elections due early next year and legislative assembly elections later?Sonia will address a 15,000-strong audience at the workers' convention on October 18. The Congress has not been successful in breaking BJP's stranglehold in the coastal belt which was saffronized over a decade ago. Currently, the MCC is controlled by the BJP, but the Congress bagged the mayor's post by fluke early this year. In Dakshina Kannada district, the Congress and BJP equally share the eight assembly constituencies.Congress workers hope that with this visit, Sonia will change the stifling status quoism in state party affairs. Party workers are exasperated at the silence maintained by the high command to their grievances of lack of coordination among the local leaders, groupism, ad hoc functioning and the lack of aggression in taking on the BJP which is in a vulnerable position.\"There is no response from the leaders in New Delhi to the dissenting voices here which can indicate whether it will act or not. Sonia's reported refusal to meet caste-based delegations (when Lingayats and backward classes wanted to meet her demanding replacement of KPCC president G Parameshwara) was the only time there was some reaction to the dissidence,'' Congress sources said.The party's rank and file maintain that whether it was the issue of taking on the BJP on corruption or handling the Cauvery issue, the JD(S) stole a march over them. Besides the Congress has chances of regaining in districts which it lost to the BJP such as Bellary, but no efforts were being made.On October 18, Congress president Sonia Gandhi will address the party workers' convention at 4.20 pm. At 5.45 pm, Sonia will inaugurate the centenary and Dasara celebrations of Kudroli Gokarnanatheshwara temple in Mangalore. The temple was built by the Billavas, also known as Idigas, as they were considered untouchables and not allowed in other temples. Today the Gokarnanatheshwara temple attracts the highest number of visitors across the world and it's the epicenter of Mangalore Dasara festivities. The renovated temple was inaugurated by former PM Rajiv Gandhi in February 1991.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790223", "title": "Ruckus over illicit relations", "text": "NAGPUR: Two persons were booked for allegedly outraging the modesty of a woman, trespass, mischief, assault and issuing threats after a ruckus over a suspected illicit relationship at Mecosabagh on Thursday. Dinesh Motwani and Vijay Ruchwani had barged into the residence of a couple and picked up a fight.Police said Motwani was upset with the woman's husband who he felt was in relationship with his wife, a former classmate. Motwani and Ruchwani had a heated argument with the couple. Motwani then grabbed the woman and pulled her clothes. He attacked her husband and left him injured.The couple lodged a complaint at the Jaripatka police station. Motwani has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16794992", "title": "Pattinson makes strong pitch for Gabba Test spot", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australian pacer James Pattinson made a strong pitch for a return to a Test spot by taking career-best figures to set up Victoria's stunning 10-wicket Sheffield Shield win over Queensland at the Gabba.Pattinson registered career-best first-class figures taking 6-32 to set up his team's victory and knock on the selectors door ahead of Australia's approaching Test series against South Africa.Pattinson, who had match figures of 8-61, showed no mercy as Queensland at one stage lost 5-9.He made his case strong to team up alongside teammate and mentor Peter Siddle in the opening Test against the Proteas.Pattinson had picked up 5-27 at the same ground on Test debut last summer against New Zealand, The Age reports.Siddle is expected to be selected for the Test along with Ben Hilfenhaus , and the selectors are expected to rotate young pacers Pattinson, Pat Cummins and Mitchell Starc throughout the summer.\"It is always good taking wickets, it puts your name up for selection. Hopefully I will be up there in the (Test) mix, (but) it's a great time for Australian cricket with so much depth in our bowling,\" Pattinson said.Pattinson said lessons learned from the past, including his Test debut, had taught him how to handle the lively Gabba deck.\"It is a good place to bowl when you get it right but it can go the other way when you don't and become easy to score on. In my first Shield game here I got hit for 130-odd runs off 30 overs or so,\" he said.\"And, I know it isn't an excuse, but I was probably a bit nervous (on Test debut) but I came out (in the second innings) with a clear frame of mind and just tried to bowl fast and hit the wicket hard, and I took that into this game too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16789945", "title": "Candidates file papers for campus polls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The stage is set for the big fight on college campuses across the state with nomination papers filed by candidates for the student union elections on Friday. With it, electioneering has reached a feverish pitch with candidates making all possible efforts to woo voters. Food coupons, recharge vouchers, shopping coupons are the new tools to attract voters besides connecting with them through MMS, SMS and social networking cites.Huge life size posters and colourful pamphlets are dotting college campuses and candidates are busy visiting private hostels and messes for campaigning. Unlike other colleges, students of College of Basic Sciences and Humanities have kept themselves away from the election frenzy and decided to conduct the polls without any political intervention.\"Elections in college means loss of valuable time, energy and money. It also affects classes and increases rivalry among classmates. So we have decided to go about the election peacefully, without any hullaballoo,\" said Sanket Sahu, a Plus-II student of the college. \"I would support a student who is sincere at studies and takes interest in the development of the college. No one can buy my vote by giving gifts or making big promises,\" said Nirmalya Rath, a student of BJB College.With large number of candidates in the fray, city colleges, including BJB Autonomous College, R D Women's College, Maharshi College of Natural Law, Rajdhani College, Kamala Nehru College and University Law Collegeare likely to witness stiff competition in the polls.Election for all posts in Debray College has been declared uncontested with only one candidate filing nomination papers.\"The election process is going on peacefully and smoothly in our college. No untoward incident has taken place in the college so far, while police has been deployed to maintain law and order,\" said M M Biswal, principal of Maharshi College here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789752", "title": "Lt Gen Sikand is new CME commandant", "text": "PUNE: Lieutenant general J Sikand has taken charge as the new commandant of the College of Military Engineering (CME). He was commandant of the Officers Training Academy at Gaya prior to assuming command of the CME.An alumnus of the National Defence Academy, Khadakwasla, Sikand was commissioned in the Bengal Sappers in December 1974. He has served in various command and staff appointments in different parts of the country, including as the military attache in the USA and the Indian Army liaison officer in the United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan. He did his BTech from the CME, where he has previously been an instructor and deputy commandant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789145", "title": "Pugilist in coma: Coach, boxer booked", "text": "MUMBAI: Over a week after a woman boxer suffered brain haemorrhage following a training session with a man at the Sports Authority of India club in Kandivli (E), the police registered a case of negligence against a female boxing coach and a senior male boxer.Manisha Chauhan (20) is in coma at Nair Hospital. Samta Nagar police officers said arrests would be made only after Chauhan's statement is recorded. On October 2, Chauhan was sparring with the boxer, who is senior to her by two years. Chauhan's regular trainer, Jaswant Singh , wasn't present and his wife was supervising the session. \"Chauhan was not wearing headgear and she collapsed after the boxer, Noor, dealt a blow to her head,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789150", "title": "No loopholes in draft heritage list, says Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has denied that there were loopholes in the proposed heritage list. Politicians, especially standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale, had alleged discrepancies in the list.\"Following the allegations, senior civic officials carried out an extensive scrutiny to know the discrepancies in the draft list. However, it was found that there are no discrepancies, except for a few typo errors,\" read a statement issued by the BMC.It further said that the draft heritage list is based on the list prepared by the then Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC) chairman Sharad Upasani.The BMC published the list on July 31 and invited suggestion and objections from citizens. The last date for submitting suggestions and objections was October 6. The BMC has received around 3,800 objections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791750", "title": "Student leader thrashed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a fallout of student union election of CMP Degree college, a student leader identified as Suraj Shukla who had fought for the presidentship for CMP degree college was beaten by some unidentified miscreants near Proctor office of the college under Georgetown police station on Friday. The injured student leader was later admitted to Beli Hospital for treatment where his condition was stated to be stable.Reports said that the student leader had an altercation with some other students near the proctor office and the scene took an ugly turn when he was attacked by his rivals equipped with sticks and rods. Before the college proctor could intervene, the scene was out of college authorities hand and they had to call police to check the incident. Police are investigating the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16789114", "title": "'Life of Pi' will open Iffi this year", "text": "PANAJI: 'Life of Pi' will be the opening film for the 43rd International film festival of India. Directed by academy award-winning director Ang Lee , the film stars actors, Irfan Khan , Suraj Sharma, Tabu and Refe Spall.The 3D adventure film revolves around the story of an Indian boy named Pi, a zookeeper's son who finds himself in the company of a hyena, zebra, orangutan, and a Bengal tiger after a shipwreck sets them adrift in the Pacific ocean.The cast of the film is expected to be present at the inaugural of IFFI 2012. Shankar Mohan, director of IFFI, said that actor Akshay Kumar has confirmed his participation and will be the chief guest at the inaugural ceremony. The ceremony will be held at Darya Sangam near Kala Academy in Panaji and is expected to be attended by 2,500 invitees. The closing ceremony too will be held at the same venue and 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist' is slated to be the closing film.This year, the festival will revolve around the theme of 100 years of Indian cinema, said Mohan. A special 'centenary award' comprising a 'Silver Peacock', certificate and a cash prize of 10 lakh has been instituted for this year's edition of the festival, in addition to the 1 crore worth of other awards.The Iffi secretariat's budget for the festival is 6 crore, but the Union ministry of tourism which is partnering the festival will also contribute an additional percentage towards expenditure costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "16789141", "title": "Student gang-raped in govt tech college", "text": "ASANSOL: A first-year student was stripped and gangraped in the union room of a government polytechnic college at Chittaranjan in West Bengal's Burdwan district.In a police complaint on Friday, her father accused Trinamool Congress Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) leader Samyo Mondal as one of the five men who raped her on Tuesday. Mondal is poised to become the general secretary of the college union.Bholu Yadav, a security guard at the college, is among the five named in the FIR. He was detained. The other four \u2014 Mandal, Avik Ghosh, Bijoy Singh and Mithilesh Ojha \u2014 are absconding. Ojha, a resident of Jharkhand is not a college student, said a source.Commissioner of Asansol-Durgapur Police Ajay Kumar Nand said, \"I have handed the case to the detective department and a private security guard of the college was picked up for interrogation.\"A four-member inquiry committee was set up to probe the incident, said Rituparna Bose, principal of Kazi Nazrul Centenary Polytechnic College. Bose denied the presence of any outsider on the campus. The college union room and canteen were shut down.The girl's father alleged the men tricked her into drinking beverage laced with drugs before raping her. They clicked pictures of the semi-conscious girl on their cellphones and made MMS clips.She was admitted to Chittaranjan Hospital and her statement was recorded at Asansol court on Friday. Police took her to Asansol subdivisional hospital for medical tests.Sources said three students \"invited\" her to a birthday party in the union room. They offered her soft drinks which was spiked.\"They took pictures on their cellphones after they attacked her,\" said the girl's father.After she came to, the girl managed to return home, about 2km away from the college. \"She was traumatized. She couldn't even talk,\" he said when asked about the delay in lodging the police complaint.Local TMCP leader Ashok Rudra claimed Mondal was not a member of the outfit. \"I have requested the police to arrest all the accused,\" he said.A National Crime Records Bureau report said there was a sharp increase in crimes against women in Bengal. The number of rape cases in the state increased by 60% in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16789460", "title": "Candolim cemetery vandalized", "text": "CALANGUTE: Some unknown persons vandalized five graves at the Candolim church cemetery on the intervening night of Thursday and Friday.The incident came to light on Friday morning. The Calangute police have detained one person of unsound mind after the attorney of the Candolim church lodged a complaint with the police.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said that the persons removed five wooden crosses, four of which were found within the cemetery itself, while one cross was found placed near the Candolim football ground in the morning. One person of unsound mind was found near the cross at the football ground. On suspicion, the person was taken into custody, but the police were unable to make any headway in questioning him. The man was unable to provide any details regarding his identity or place of residence or origin. PI Raposo said that they will ask the JMFC Mapusa to send the person to the IPHB at Bambolim.An offence against unknown persons has been registered under Section 297 and Section 295 of the IPC. Further investigations are under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789505", "title": "'Feroz being framed in serial blasts case'", "text": "PUNE: A day after the news of Sayyed Feroz's arrest by the Delhi police in connection with the serial blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road on August 1 came in, his brother, Fayyaz, on Friday said Feroz has been falsely implicated in the case. \"Feroz has no connection with the blasts and has to do nothing with such activities,\" claimed Fayyaz.\"The blasts took place over two months ago, but nobody was arrested so far. Feroe was in the city after the blasts, he was arrested only after he went to Delhi a few days ago. If he had any connection with the incident, why was he not arrested earlier? Why arrest him only after he went to Delhi? It appears that my brother has been framed in the case,\" Fayyaz said.Fayyaz said the family was deeply shocked and has decided to fight the case and was in the process of hiring a lawyer in Delhi.\"Nobody could sleep all night. All are thinking what will happen next. Our last communication with Feroze was a few days ago when he told us that he would be returning home in three-four days,\" he added.\"Feroz had gone to Delhi to purchase cloth and other material. He was totally involved in tailoring business and had been working hard to expand his business in the city. Apart from the two shops in Pune Camp area, he had plans to open one more shop in Kondhwa,\" he said.According to Fayyaz, Feroz had gone on Haj pilgrimage thrice, once he had taken his mother and used to arrange passports and visas for Haj pilgrims.Meanwhile, Feroz's two shops in the Pune Camp area were closed and his house in Guruwar Peth was locked on Friday. Neighbours around the shops and his house said they hardly knew about Feroz's connection with the blasts. Police were seen outside the shops.Neither the city police nor the anti-terrorism squad, Pune, had any information about Feroz's activities, though he was in the city till September 25. A senior police officer said it was a major challenge for the Pune police now to find out how a well-off businessman like Feroz was recruited by Indian Mujahideen members. \"There could be many more people from the city who may have been recruited by IM. We have no information about them,\" the officer said, adding that it was difficult to trace such people.The officer said that the police were unaware about Feroz's activities as he has no previous criminal record. \"We normally check on people having police record or those connected with any banned organizations, but in this case, there was no such information,\" the officer said.A senior officer from the crime branch said a team has been asked to collect information about all the people involved in collecting funds to send Quateel Siddiqui's body to Darbhanga in Bihar. Siddiqui was murdered in the Yerawada jail on June 8, by gangsters Sharad Mohol and Alok Bhalerao. \"Feroz may have been involved in collecting the money. Had our officials collected information about him and kept a watch on his activities, we could have unearthed important links of the terror outfit,\" the officer said.The officer added that the crime branch has a special cell 'Pune anti-terrorism cell' to keep a watch on the terrorist activities. \"But, this cell also failed completely to collect intelligence about the terror activities,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790797", "title": "Anti-corruption bureau ends probe into fake pensioners' diary scam", "text": "JAIPUR: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) claimed to have wrapped up its investigation into the fake medical pensioners' diary scam after lodging 11 fresh FIRs on Friday.Officials said a total of 24 FIRs have been registered with the arrest of 19 people over the past two years. The ACB claimed that the fake medical pensioners' diaries were printed at Mohan Printing Press in Alwar's Khedali area.IG, ACB Umesh Mishra said that the gang was being headed by one Bhupendra Sharma, who is on the run. \"We arrested Bhupendra's father on Thursday. We have seized some items from the printing press,\" he said.\"During investigation, it was found that the staff of the pension department, consumers' cooperative federation employees and some NGO workers were preparing fake dairies in connivance with some gangs,\" Mishra said.The agency sleuths found that the persons under whose names these diaries were issued were not state government employees. Some dairies did not even have the photo of the retired employee.Among those arrested are cooperative federation and pension department employees and some representatives of NGOs.\"Of the 19 people who were arrested by the ACB, nine are in judicial custody, while the rest are being quizzed by the police. We have launched a massive search for the main accused Bhupendra Sharma,\" said Mishra.ACB has managed to unearth a scam worth only Rs 5.50 lakh, but it is suspected that the fake diaries were used in procuring medicines in large quantities.Fake pensioners' diaries were used to obtain medicines from cooperative stores and the payment for these medicines were made from the state coffers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791782", "title": "Designer murder: Two ex-colleagues detained", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have detained two former colleagues of Jothilakshmi, a graphic designer of a tabloid, who was found dead at her office in T Nagar on Thursday evening.Sasi and Vicky, who had worked in the tabloid, reportedly were in touch with Jothilakshmi. However, the motive behind the murder is yet to be ascertained and investigating officers are questioning the duo.After preliminary investigation, police ruled out any profit motive behind the killing. They suspect that the duo could have done it for some other reasons. However, police are yet to establish it.Police found 2.5 sovereign gold jewellery Jothilakshmi was wearing missing when they recovered the body.Jothilakshmi had been working for \" Future Line\", the tabloid, for four years. The owner of the publication, Sri Kumar, found Jothilakshmi's body when he arrived at the office at 6pm on Thursday.Investigators said Jothilakshmi's attackers appear to have stolen the gold chain and two rings she was wearing, but did not take other jewellery. Police initially detained Sri Kumar but later let him off.Sri Kumar, who has been bringing out the magazine for more than five years, found the main door of the office locked from outside. \"When Sri Kumar entered the office, he found Jothilakshmi's body, covered in blood. He informed her husband, Muthupandi, about what had happened before alerting police,\" an investigating officer had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16792072", "title": "80-year-old gets 7 year RI, Rs 1.5cr fine for cheating bank", "text": "CHENNAI: An 80-year-old man was sentenced to seven years of rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 1.56 crore by a CBI court on Friday.Eleventh additional special judge E M K S Siddharathar, who deals with CBI cases relating to banks and financial institutions in the city, sentenced B Ramakrishna Prasad for forging documents to borrow Rs 142.73 lakh from Indian Bank (Mylapore branch) between 1991 and 1998. While Prasad, a resident in Banjara Hills in Hyderabad, was named as the first accused, G S Subburaman, who was then chief manager of Indian Bank, Mylapore branch, was named as the second accused in the case. Of the total fine amount imposed on Prasad, the court said in its order, Prasad should pay Rs 1.55 crore as compensation.Prasad borrowed the money from the bank through his firm Vishnuvardhan Granites at Kodambakkam. \"With fabricated documents including equitable mortgage which inflated the value, and without title deeds, you (Prasad) fraudulently borrowed 142.73 lakh from the bank with the connivance of the branch's chief manager,\" said the judge.In order to get a working capital and other credit facilities for his firm, Prasad created bogus documents including an encumbrance certificate (EC), general power of attorney, surveyor's report agreement of sale, receipt and delivery of possession and used it as genuine documents to borrow the said amount from the bank between 1991 and 1998.To help Prasad get the money, Subburaman, then chief manager of the bank, sanctioned 142.73 lakh without verification. \"Despite being a public servant... you (Subburaman) have abused your official position as such public servant sanctioned working capital and other credit facilities to the accused,\" said the judge.Special public prosecutor M V Dinakar said the case was filed on a complaint by chief vigilance officer of the bank S Radhakrishnan. Before lodging the complaint with the CBI, Radhakrishnan got permission from the then chairman and managing director of the bank, Dinakar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16789941", "title": "Two rescued, 1 held in kidnap drama", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon police have arrested a kidnapper and rescued two top officials of a Gurgaon-based IT company. One director of the company managed to escape from their captivity and the other kidnappers are at large. Police teams are conducting raids to nab the other accused.The kidnappers are youths from Jind district who had given around Rs 60,000 to the officials in return for a job. When the officials failed to keep their promise, the angry youths kidnapped them from outside their office. The accused also got Rs 3.70 lakh from the two officials who were rescued by police late on Thursday. It is suspected that a placement agency's operator or employee was also involved in the kidnapping.\"We will arrest all the accused who are at large as early as possible,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (East).Anup Kumar was working as manager with M/s San Coastal Tech Pvt Ltd plot No. 19, Sector 33, Gurgaon. Anup's brother, Sarvjit Singh, a resident of Shiv Puri, Yamunanagar in Haryana, had lodged an FIR with the Sadar police station on Thursday that his brother and his two subordinates were kidnapped by unknown miscreants and were demanding ransom.Singh said his brother Anup had called to say that Rs 50,000 should be deposited in his bank account.\"He informed me that he and his company's trainee engineer, Tirupati Padhi, were kidnapped late on Tuesday evening from outside his company by unknown persons, who were in a white Bolero car. I deposited Rs 49,500 in his account, but when I reached their company, I found that the company director, Kailash Chand Joshi, too was missing. Anup said the kidnappers were demanding Rs 15 lakh to release Joshi,\" said Singh.After lodging an FIR against unknown persons, Sadar police reached near Kherki Dhaula toll plaza where the kidnappers had wanted the ransom delivered. There they nabbed one kidnapper and rescued Anup and Tirupati.\"A police team of Sadar police station led by SHO Yashwant reached the spot with the victim's brother and arrested a kidnapper and also rescued Anup and Tirupati. The other accused managed to flee from the spot. They were produced in a city court on Friday and sent to two-day police remand,\" police said.A senior police officer said the accused had beaten up two of their captives badly, leaving them with injury marks all over their bodies.The police thought company director Joshi was still missing but a source said Joshi had managed to escape from the kidnappers' custody and reached home but did not inform anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791743", "title": "Disaster Reduction Day observed", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Disaster Reduction Day was celebrated at New Cantt here on Friday. The Day was observed under the guidance of Maj Gen Bishamber DayaI, General Officer Commanding HQ Purva UP and MP Sub Area.The Day is meant to celebrate how people and communities around the world are reducing the risks to disasters and raising awareness about the same. Indian Army has undertaken the initiative to spread the awareness about the day. As part of celebrations, an awareness among the youth was done by organising inter-school declamation and painting competition at Army Public School, Allahabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16791835", "title": "12% of India's suicides in Maharashtra", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra was among the worst five Indian states that recorded the most suicides in 2011. According to the National Crime Records Bureau, the statistics in the state are becoming grimmer by the year. Maharashtra accounted for 11.2% of nationwide suicides in 2009; but by last year its share rose to 11.8%.NCRB figures show that over 1 lakh individuals took their lives in the country in 2011. West Bengal reported the highest number of these-16 ,492 or 12.2% of the national tally-followed by Tamil Nadu (15,963), Maharashtra (15,947), Andhra Pradesh (15,077) and Karnataka (12,622).Despite the worrying rise in the figures, experts say, no efforts have been made by the Centre to put in place a suicide prevention programme . More than six years ago, Chennai-based psychiatrist Dr Lakshmi Vijaykumar had submitted a draft of such a programme to the Union government. But since then, the draft has just been improvised by various agencies, including Bangalore's NIMHANS. Nothing has been implementation thus far.\"There is at least 25% underreporting of suicides across the country , so we are losing many more lives than we know,\" Vijaykumar told TOI. \"The fact that 71% of suicides in India are by people under the age of 44 imposes a huge social, emotional and economic burden on our society.\"Vijaykumar said the new Mental Healthcare Bill does not remove the clause that criminalizes attempt to suicide. \"It is an archaic clause because of which many hospitals fear treating patients. Also due to it, families are stigmatised as police march to their homes.\"In Maharashtra, the government has promised many changes. State public health minister Suresh Shetty said: \"Just like diabetes and hypertension , mental health problems too are becoming big. The problem is more serious here since it affects everyone from schoolchildren to senior citizens.\" Shetty assured that the administration is revamping the four mental healthcare institutions in the state. \"Our emphasis will be on enhancing counselling facilities as well as on starting helplines.\"Experts agreed there is a crying need for more helplines. Dr Arun John, executive vice president of Vandrevala Foundation, said the charity's helpline receives 1,600 calls in a month that peaks to 2,400 calls during examination season. \"When we started in 2009, we received around 400-600 calls in a month, so there is clearly a demand. Mental health is becoming a sort of emergency and if steps are not taken it will soon snowball,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16791936", "title": "BJP has double standards: Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Congress has criticized state chief minister Narendra Modi and the BJP for their double speak. He said while the central leadership of BJP was criticizing DLF, the state government was working hand in glove with the real estate company.The Gujarat government has given away land to the developer at a throw away price and extended benefits to the tune of Rs 183 crore, the state Congress head Arjun Modhwadia claimed. Even though, Modi govt rolled out red carpet for DLF, the company was yet to begin IT SEZ or park on the land given to it, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789469", "title": "4.5k motorists fined for tinted glass in 2 days", "text": "MUMBAI: Cracking the whip on motorists using dark films on their vehicles, the traffic police department recorded a whopping 4,448 cases in the past two days. Of these, 1,623 motorists were penalized on Thursday and 2,825 on Friday.The drive was conducted following recent Supreme Court directives against the use of dark films or tinted glasses in cars. The traffic department has collected Rs 4.44 lakh in fines since Thursday. Senior officials said the drive is being carried out across the country. The apex court had issued directives on May 4 to check misuse of dark films on four-wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16791033", "title": "Food fest to satiate your taste buds", "text": "MYSORE: Get your magic fingers ready for cooking contests to be held as part of Aahara Mela, the food festival, during Dasara.The Dasara food sub-committee will introduce cuisine from West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala besides local dishes. There will also be contests for people of all age groups, including senior citizens.Accordingly, cooking contests will be held for couples, traditional food preparing for senior citizens, and eating contests for children/ teenagers, youths and those in 31-50 age group, said committee president M Rajendra, who is also the president of Hotel Owners' Association.The committee will also have a unique food stall for diabetics, for which food items are being finazlized in consultation with experts.Like in previous year, theme-based food festival will be held on all seven days. \"We blend cultural programmes with the food festival. To cater to wide variety of people, we are organizing Bengali, Andhra, Kerala, Utthara Karnataka, Jain, Karavali and Mysore rural Aahara Mela separately,\" he added.Local delicacies yengai palya, chutney pudi, shenga chutney pudi, uchchal chutney, spicy Bangarpet pani-puri, chicken kebabs, fish fry, mutton/ chicken biriyanis and Chinese delicacies will be on the menu.\"About 55 stalls will be set up and we have received 300 applications. They will have to display the rate chart. We will select stalls offering variety of foods, and the stalls will be allotted through the lottery system,\" Rajendra said.Rs 7,000 rent per day has been fixed for each stall, said Kumudha Girish, DD food and civil supplies, who is committee secretary.For the first time in seven years, the food festival will be inaugurated by a chief minister at CADA office premises, the venue for the mela, at 1.30pm on October 16. The mela will be open for public from 3pm to 10pm.The committee will also provide free food to orphans and inmates of care centres during the festival. NGOs may contact the committee to avail of benefits. For registration, contact 9900523347/ 9448750794.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16789932", "title": "Mahi case: Sarpanch of Kasan village suspended", "text": "GURGAON: The Gurgaon district administration on Friday suspended the sarpanch of Kasan village, blaming her negligence for the death of four-year-old Mahi, who fell into a 70-foot-deep borewell June 20 this year, an official said. The suspension order from the deputy commissioner, P C Meena, said Kasan Sarpanch Bimla Devi had failed to pay attention to the three open borewells near Mahi's house.The order further noted that on June 21, while the district administration was present at the spot for the rescue operations, the sarpanch was absent. Later, her husband arrived at the spot in a drunken state and did nothing to help the rescue operation.A magisterial inquiry has already held six people, including Bimla Devi, responsible for the death of Mahi. Besides Bimla Devi, the other accused are Rohtash Tayal, the owner of the building in which Mahi and her parents were residing, caretaker Surender Singh who used to collect rent from the tenants for Tayal, and 'Gram Sachiv' Surjeet, the panch of the ward concerned and the owner of the boring or drilling machine used for drilling the borewell.The next hearing in the case would be conducted by the sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of the area.(With inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794430", "title": "We\u2019re lucky indeed: Amaan Ali Khan", "text": "In town, Amaan and Ayaan Ali Khan talk to TOI about their legendary dad, their life and careerHow did you find Odisha? Ayaan: We had come here 12 years ago with my father and have heard much about this city. It's known to be one of the most culturally developed cities in India and we are extremely happy to perform here again. I'm looking forward to visit here as often as I can.What do you want to say to the budding artistes of Odisha? Ayaan: I will just say that respect your teacher, practice hard and the best will come to you.Why you have not ventured into mainstream Bollywood music industry? Amaan: It's because we are so busy with our concerts that we hardly get time for Bollywood. A music director's job is not n easy one. It's a fulltime commitment. But if we will get good offers, we will definitely think about it.Hailing from a musical family, did you take up music as a career out of choice? Amaan: Oh, yes! We consider ourselves very lucky that we were born in a family where music is the source of sustenance.Amaan, you have performed solo and done jugalbandi as well. What do you enjoy most and why? We have also performed a trio with our father. And that, we enjoy the most.You have recently been a part of a music reality show. Would you tell us how these reality shows help the aspiring singers? Amaan: I think reality shows give a lot of exposure to young talent. But at the same time, the participants should never stop there. When the show is on, the participants are enthusiastic but when it's over then they don't know where to go. The singers must not be a product for publicity. They should be creative enough to sustain in the long run.Ayaan: Reality shows give the required exposure but I 'm not sure how long that exposure lasts. So many new talents come up, but what happens to them after that? This is just an unanswered story.If you were not a musician, what would have been your field of interest? Amaan: I had a lot of inclination towards air crafts and wanted to be a pilot. But I was not good in school so my options were limited. So, if not music then I would have become a pilot.How do you plan to add to your father's legacy? Ayaan: We want to work hard with as much dedication, sincerity and humbleness as possible.Since you are more into Hindustani classical music, what's your take on other popular contemporary musicians? Amaan: Any form of music should be a product of hard work and passion. And I think they are really doing a great job.Besides sarod, do you play any other instrument? Amaan: I only play sarod, but I have some interest in tabla as well.What are your upcoming albums? Amaan: Recently we have released an album titled Rang . the music has a qawwali-based with Sufi flavour. And now we are working on two albums. In one, we have used a folk instrument from Iraq. The second one is in the planning stage.Both of you mostly perform together. How has the experience been so far? Ayaan: There is a different charm in playing with Amaan bhai. When two people sit and play together, their personalities reflect in the music. And since we know each other so well, we don't need to rehearse before any event. Amaan has also played solo, but playing together is always special for us.And how do you feel when you play with your father? Ayaan: We feel blessed. I think we are simply fortunate to be able to sit with him together on the stage and when we play with him we just cherish the experience.Ayaan, you recently had twins. Do you plan to initiate them into music as well? We have named them Johan and Abir. I will be happy if they learn music, but I won't force them. The interest has to come from within.So Amaan, do we hear the wedding bells anytime soon? I don't know... but wish I too had twins like Ayaan bhai (laughs).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16791346", "title": "Kejriwal was not ready to wait: Kiran Bedi", "text": "INDORE: \"It is difficult to be selfless in politics. You have to do something daily to remain in news. However, there is no such compulsion for India Against Corruption (IAC) members,\" said core group member of defunct Team Anna, Kiran Bedi . She was interacting with the local unit members of IAC in Indore on Friday.She said, \"Arvind Kejriwal was not ready to wait so he formed a political party and the group separated. Two years back, it was decided that our struggle would not get political. But Arvind's mood changed and he entered the politics. But we will wait and continue with our non-political struggle,\" said Kiran Bedi.When asked why she did not want to join politics, she said that politics does not suit her nature.\"I believe in service and at times, I like to perform on my own terms. I do not like to be questioned much without any reason and if I join politics, I will be constantly pestered about my performance by the voters,\" she said.When she asked how many of the IAC members present there were with non-political faction of the IAC, none of them came forward. Later, when they said that they were with both the factions, Kiran asked them to take a firm stand. \"I have plans only for non-political IAC,\" she stressed.However, few women later expressed their interest to constitute non-political IAC and she exhorted them to do so. She also suggested them to contact her once the non-political IAC is constituted.She asked all the IAC members to follow the path suggested by Anna.\"Be clean no matter if you are contesting in election or voting for a particular candidate. Join hands if you are opposing any corrupt leader,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16791244", "title": "State revives first food &amp; drug laboratory", "text": "RANCHI: The state's first food and drug laboratory, which has been non-functional since 2009 because of staff crunch, was finally inaugurated by the health minister, Hemlal Murmu , on Friday. Earlier, adulterated food samples would be sent to labs outside the state for testing.The director-in-chief (food), T P Barnwal, said, \"The lab shut down after the last analyst retired and thereafter we could not start it. Now we are recruiting them on a contractual basis. We are also in the process of formulating service rules for regular analysts. This task will be completed in three months. After the state cabinet gives its nod it will go to the Jharkhand Public Service Commission (JPSC), the main recruiting body. Now we have one analyst, one lab technician and one lab assistant.\"The Food and Standards Authority of India will regulate the activities of the lab, which will function under the rules and regulations of the Food Safety and Standard Act. \"Food safety officers in each district will bring samples to this lab for testing,\" informed food analyst, J K Singh, adding, \"the analyst will be authorized to inform the officer about the quality of the sample, whether it is genuine, sub-standard, misbranded, adulterated or unsafe. The fines can go up to Rs 10 lakh. Punishment would also include imprisonment from a minimum of three months to life.\"The items to be tested would be edible oils, fats, dairy products, cereals, food grains, spices, sweets and vegetable products. \"Within 14 days the report of the sample should reach the additional chief medical officer,\" said Singh.Talking about the facilities at the lab, Singh said, \"Except microbiological and pesticide residue we have facilities for every test. However, we need some sophisticated instruments like gas chromatograph.\"The lab will be open to the common man also, who can walk in with samples. However, there is a catch here. If the sample turns out to be adulterated, he will have to pay a fine. \"The rates have not been decided yet, but will be formulated by the cabinet soon,\" said Singh.\"Earlier, drugs would be sent to the Central Drugs Laboratory, Kolkata. We will have three technical officers along with the analyst. We need some more instruments and staff,\" said the director-in-chief, drugs, S K Mukhopadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi/mumbai", "code": "16789859", "title": "Arrested Indian Mujahideen men plotted to attack Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad HQ", "text": "NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: In a startling revelation, investigators have learned that the three Indian Mujahideen (IM) terrorists, arrested for the August 1 Pune serial blasts, had conducted a recce at five crowded places in Mumbai on July 24.The targets included Borivli railway station, Juhu beach, Vashi, Bandra and Andheri. They had even planned to attack the Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS) headquarters at Nagpada.The Nagpada ATS headquarters is located near the J J flyover. It houses the office of the ATS chief, an additional commissioner and a DCP. This ground-plus-one building is a heritage structure. Security was reviewed at the ATS headquarters after the revelation.In their confession to the special cell, exclusively accessed by TOI, the trio-Asad Khan, Imran Khan and Sayed Feroz-disclosed their Mumbai plan in detail. \"On July 24, 2012, we hired a private Sumo from Pimpri to Vashi,\" they said.Investigators suspect their plan was to target the crowded places by keeping bombs in dustbins or bags and stayed there for a while looking around. From Vashi, we went to Bandra and stayed there for a while and then we went to Andheri and stayed there for 10-15 minutes. From Andheri, we went to Borivli railway station and hung around for 10-15 minutes. Then we went to Juhu Chowpatty for 10 minutes and checked the surroundings there,\" they stated in their confession.The Mumbai plan was dropped, though, on the instructions of Riyaz Bhatkal from Pakistan . The trio subsequently headed for Pune. They ultimately planted bombs in Pune on August 1 but sources said that \"the Indian Mujahideen's original plan to kill Sharad Mohol and Ashok Bhalerao, who killed Qateel Siddiqui in Yerwada jail, is still on\".In another revelation during interrogation of the trio, the Delhi police found that the main initiator of the module, Asad Khan, was linked to IM terrorists arrested in the February 2010 German Bakery blast of Pune and the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case.Sources said the three had met Yusuf Himayat Baig, who was arrested by Maharashtra ATS for the German bakery blast, in December 2009, through Kashif Biyabani, brother of Akhef Biyabani who was arrested for the 2006 Aurangabad case. Lashkar-e-Toiba leader Fayyaz Ahmad Kagzi had escaped in the case.Sources say that the two terrorists in this IM module-Shaqir and Ahmed who are currently absconding-were involved in previous blasts as well. \"Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal used to make a plan, assign a module for the attacks and then send Shaqir and Ahmed to that module as they are bomb experts. They used to make bombs, plant them and then disappear\".After the Pune bomb blasts, Asad, Imran and Feroz fled to Roorkee and stayed in a mazar for almost a month before coming to Delhi on September 20 for carrying out blasts during Diwali. Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal, sources said, had given them instructions on phones and email chats through different IDs to go to Delhi and meet the capital-based sleeper cell member 'Raju Bhai'. The police suspect that \"4 kgs of explosives for the Delhi plan reached the Pul Prahlad Pur flat where Asad and Imran lived between September 20 and September 26; somebody personally handed it over to them.\" They were arrested on September 26 by the special cell.Meanwhile, the trio was questioned by the Maharashtra and Pune ATS on Friday at the special cell's Lodhi Colony office. Sources say they have got some vital inputs about Maharashtra based IM members during their interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790790", "title": "'Times Premium Property Expo-12' on Sunday", "text": "JAIPUR: The real estate exhibition titled 'Times Premium Property Expo 2012' organized by The Times of India at the Jaipur Marriott Hotel will be held on October 14, 2012, giving prospective buyers a common platform that offers the best of properties and projects developed by prominent real estate developers of the city.The expo is an attempt to showcase the premium properties that boast of innovation in design, luxury and technology.\"This is an excellent platform for buyers as they will get varieties of properties under one roof to make their choices. People can access information about various aspects of the properties and pricing as well,\" said Vibhishek Singh of Unique Builders.People look at buying property during auspicious occasions and the event is timed keeping in view the festival season of Diwali.\"This is an excellent time to organize an event like this. Most people like to own a new house on auspicious occasions like Diwali,\" said Prashant Gupta of Anukampa Group.As many as 14 renowned realtors of the city will be showcasing their properties and they include Upasana Group, Shree Shakambhari Developers, UKM Group, Riddhi Siddhi Group, Pearl Spytech Group, Okay Plus Builders and Developers, Anukampa Group, Manglam Build Developers Ltd, Felicity Estates Pvt. Ltd, ARG Group -Vision beyond the Future, Ridhiraj Builders, Unique Builders, Sand Dune Constructions Pvt. Ltd, and Joy Bharat Group.Business hours of the expo has been scheduled between 10.30am and 1.30pm for which entry is by invitation only, while regular hours will have free entry and will be between 2pm and 8 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16791402", "title": "Renovation works at Gokulam diary farm to begin soon", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Development works at the Gokulam cattle farm near Vengad in Malappuram will begin soon as the special committee appointed by the high court has asked the Guruvayur Devaswom Board to complete the work in a time-bound manner. The committee has approved the master plan for development of the farm at a meeting held at the district collectorate on Thursday.The committee has asked the devaswom board to submit a report on the progress of the work at the next meeting of the committee. The committee comprises agriculture and animal husbandry officials, district collector, police representatives, advocates and members nominated by the high court. Deputy collector P K Venugopalakurup presided over the meeting.The decision to renovate the farm and to categorize the cattle in the farm based on their age and provide separate shelters for each category of cattle was taken at a special meeting convened by the committee at Gokulam in June, after the visit of high court judge K Vinod Chandran to the farm.The meeting had also asked the devaswom board to resolve the issue of staff shortage in the farm and decided to seek the help of employment exchanges in Kozhikode, Kochi and Thiruvananthapuram to recruit people.The committee had earlier recommended the government to appoint a farm manager with the rank of assistant agriculture officer to run the daily activities of the farm as the existing management appointed by the devaswom board was found incapable to run the farm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16790996", "title": "Measures for safe festivities", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup (Metro) district administration is taking several steps to ensure that Durga Puja celebrations are safe and secure. It has, therefore, decided to impart training to the volunteers of the puja pandals of Guwahati. The administration has sought the names of the volunteers a week ahead of Durga Puja which begins on October 20. \"We have asked the Durga Puja organizing committees to submit the names of the volunteers. These volunteers will be given necessary training at the respective police stations for maintenance of law and order,\" said Mrinal Gogoi, additional deputy commissioner of Kamrup (Metro) district.The district administration has also convened a meeting with the Durga Puja organising committees of the city seeking their cooperation for the smooth execution of the proceedings. Since the number of police personnel to guard over 500 Durga Puja pandals in greater Guwahati is limited, the district administration has decided to train the volunteers themselves. The volunteers will be briefed by the police on how to tackle rush during peak hours on puja days.That apart, they have a slew of measures for the festivities ahead. Puja committees have been told to install fire extinguishers and sandbags in pandals to combat sudden breakout of fire. Gogoi said that the administration has urged the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) to collect and dispose the garbage generated in and around the pandals. \"A lot of garbage is generated in and around the puja pandals every year. Many food stalls also come up around the puja pandals. So, we have directed the Durga Puja organizers to dump the waste only in the dustbins.,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16791418", "title": "Century old idols stolen", "text": "BAHRAICH: The ashtadhatu idols of Lord Rama, Laxman and Sita installed at Ramjanki temple were stolen on Thursday night. The stolen idols are worth Rs 5 crore and more than 100 years old. One person has been arrested in this connection.The Ramjanki temple of Lakkharampur village under Bisheshwarganj police station is said to be the oldest temple in the area. According to temple priest Pujaram he left the temple after the daily puja. The priest said he had locked the temple gate and handed over the key to Anand Kumar who looks after the temple. When the priest reached the temple for performin Puja, he found the gate lock broken and the three idols missing. Station officer Sanjay Dubey and circle officer Ikbal Singh Malik reached the spot along the police force. The SO said one person has been arrested and he is being interrogated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "16790413", "title": "Mayor keeps herself in locked room to avoid petitioners", "text": "ERODE: There was high drama at the corporation office here on Friday after city mayor Mallika Paramasivam got herself locked in her chamber for four hours to avoid a group of women who had arrived to demand drinking water at their locality.The drama began at around 11.30am when over a hundred women from Periyasadayapallam (46th ward) arrived at the Corporation to meet the mayor. They were facing an acute scarcity of water since a public well in their locality had dried up. Cauvery water was available to them only once in five days and that too for two hours. They wanted the mayor to ensure that the corporation dispatch a tanker daily to meet their need.However, Mallika, who knew that the women were coming, chose to avoid them. She told her personal assistant to lock her chamber from the outside and inform the protestors that she was out of station.But a few corporation officials exposed her plan by telling the protestors that the mayor had got herself locked to avoid them. The protestors impromptu announced that they will stage a sit-in in front of the chamber until the mayor met them. Nearly three hours later, a desperate mayor contacted some local politicians and police officials over phone to mediate on her behalf with the agitators. At around 2.30pm, the protestors moved out of the building after conciliatory talks were held by Erode town police inspector Velumani.By then, a large posse of reporters and photographers had gathered in front of the chamber to take a snap of the mayor when she came out. An embarrased Mallika refused to oblige them and stayed put in the chamber for another one hour. Despite local politicians pleading her case, media persons refused to disperse. Finally, an exhausted Mallika walked out at around 3.30pm to a hundred cameras clicking. She told the reporters that she wasn't keeping good health and had chosen to avoid the crowd. \"I was under medication and wanted some rest. So I told my officials to lock the room from outside,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789559", "title": "Narendra Modi showed contempt for duty: Harsh Mander", "text": "NEW DELHI: Social activist Harsh Mander pushed for the passage of the Communal Violence Bill even as he accused Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi of \"contempt for duty\" at a gathering of activists and academics held to observe 10 years of the Gujarat riots at Jamia Millia Islamia University on Friday.Mander also highlighted how victims of communal violence suffer because of \"biased prosecution,\" \"deliberately ambiguous FIRs\" and the state supporting the accused instead of the victims. \"These patterns are now common. We've got evidence in Nellie in Assam, '84 riots in Delhi, Mumbai riots and Gujarat. We have to acknowledge that it is no accident that these cases failed. In the light of this, the Communal Violence Bill is very important,\" he said.The bill recognizes dereliction of duty as a crime, and has a provision for relief and rehabilitation for victims of riots, said Mander. He came down strongly on Modi's 2002 remark where he refused to build relief camps for the riot victims, saying he did not want to set up \"baby-producing factories\". \"He demonstrated contempt for his duty and was able to get away with it. The state did not want to help the victims rebuild their lives. The money meant for setting up these rehabilitation camps was returned,\" he said.The Gujarat communal violence in 2002 resulted in about 1,200 deaths, with Muslims forming an overwhelming majority of the victims. Activists have strongly condemned the state government's alleged role in fomenting the riots. This August, a special court in Gujarat convicted 32 persons in the riots case of the Naroda Patiya district of the state.R B Sreekumar, who was a senior police officer in Gujarat at the time of the riots, also strongly criticized the state's role in the killings. \"It wasn't spontaneous violence, but pre-planned. There is enough evidence to prove that,\" said Sreekumar, adding, \"Modi punished leaders from violence-free areas.\" He compared the riots to the disrobing of Draupadi in the Mahabharata with Modi and company allegedly being Dusshashana. He also likened Atal Behari Vajpayee to Bhishma and L K Advani to Dhritrashtra.With the various instances of miscarriage of justice and state atrocities, the meeting saw several suggestions being put forward to avoid a similar scenario in the future. Advocate M M Tirmizi from the Gujarat High Court proposed installation of CCTV cameras in courts, recordings from which can be made available to the public at large. He recalled a case from the hearings pertaining to the 2002 riots, where the accused were sitting with the lawyers in the courtroom.\"There is a separate space where the accused are supposed to sit or stand. That's where the witnesses are asked to identify them. But two or three of them would sit with the lawyers. The court's attention was drawn to this but no action was taken. Instances like these would force us to put forth a suggestion that there should be CCTV cameras in all courts and police stations,\" said Tirmizi, who won the Minority Rights Award by the National Minorities Commission in 2009.Najeeb Jung, the vice-chancellor of Jamia Milia University, emphasized the importance of the support from non-Muslim majority communities of the country in the struggle for justice following the Gujarat carnage. \"These 10 years of struggle, court interventions, and rectification of the wrongs would not have been possible if the majority had not been supportive. I would ask the Muslim students to not live in a siege mentality. The vast majority is with you. It is a miniscule minority that causes (these problems),\" said Jung.While a strong, growing faction today calls for reconciliation and moving on, writer and professor of social history Mukul Kesavan emphasized the need to keep the issue alive. He criticized the current political pitch that seeks to soften the stand against Modi regarding the 2002 Godhra riots by selling the idea of him as a pro-development leader. \"Premature forgiveness betrays the victims and mutes the people. It subverts everyone who has fought for justice. Forgiveness and reconciliation are important, but there is a time for them,\" said Kesavan.Activist Teesta Setalvad, whose Citizens for Justice and Peace organized the meet along with Jamia Teachers Solidarity Association, was also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16792215", "title": "Of the first gold medalist and his rich legacy", "text": "LUDHIANA: Having appeared in the first ever BA exams conducted by Punjab University in Lahore, he was the maiden gold medalist in 1884. Panjab Univeristy's foundation day would bring alive memories of Ruchi Ram Sahni, the meritorious student, who later became a professor of chemistry. The legacy continued with his son Birbal Sahni becoming a professor of botany and later his grandson, Ashok Sahni, a professor of geology. All the three have been reputed scientists, with Ashok being an emeritus professor with PU.\"My grandfather was an exceptional person. It is not often emphasized but apart from academics, he was actively involved in political movements, including the Quit India Movement. In order to be financially more secure, he started an industry to make scientific instruments,\" said Ashok, who is 71.Terming him a practical man, Ashok explains how Ruchi Ram was an idol for him and others. \"His elder brother was a doctor and another one was a barrister. Ruchi Ram was not just confined to academics but was aware of what was happening around,\" said Ashok.\"I have vague memories of my childhood at Lahore. He taught me a crucial lesson when I was five,\" he said. Once as a child, Ashok was fiddling with his grandfather's documents in his room. He then made a boat out of them and started floating them in a tub. \"When my grandfather came back home, he smiled and narrated a story to my mother and me,\" Ashok said. \"It went something like this \u2014 two brothers were given one watch each by their father. One brother kept it safely, while the other opened all its parts to see how it worked. My grandfather said that it was better to do something with it than just keep it,\" he recalled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791339", "title": "High courts must give speedy verdict in personal liberty cases: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday highlighted the primacy of personal liberty and said it expected high courts, while dealing with petitions challenging preventive detention for small periods, to give verdicts without undue delay.\"We remind all the high courts that in a matter of this nature affecting personal liberty of a citizen, it is the duty of the courts to make all endeavour and efforts for an early decision,\" a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi said.It frowned at the five months taken by Bombay high court between reserving judgment on the petition of a person challenging his preventive detention for a year and delivering the verdict.Justice Sathasivam, writing the judgment for the bench, said, \"In the case in hand, we feel that keeping the writ petition pending after hearing the parties and compelling the detenu to wait for five months to know the result of the petition cannot be accepted.\"We request all high courts to give priority to the disposal of matters relating to personal liberty of a citizen, when the detention period is for one year or less than a year and, more so, after hearing the parties, the decision must be known to the affected party without unreasonable delay.\"The case related to smuggling of diesel from Muscat to India through the sea route and seizure of the vessel by the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence in December 2004. The authorities found 700 tonnes of diesel valued at Rs 2 crore. On the basis of the statements of the captain and crew of the vessel, the investigating officer found that the imported diesel was to be delivered to Baby Devassy Chully alias Bobby.He was arrested but a trial court granted him bail. Immediately after he got bail, the Union government passed an order for his preventive detention under the Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act. He challenged it before the high court, which after hearing the parties took five months to deliver the judgment. This delay of five months was frowned at by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "16791074", "title": "Seven students injured in Silchar college violence", "text": "SILCHAR: At least seven students were injured, two of them seriously, when violence broke out during the students' body election of G C College, Silchar, on Thursday. All the injured are either candidates or supporters of Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP).Sources said voting passed off peacefully. However, when counting was in progress in the evening, there were unofficial reports that ABVP and independent candidates were leading in majority of the posts over their NSUI rivals. Hearing the news, a section of students started pelting stones targeting the students and others present on the college campus.Principal Bibhash Dev said that some miscreants snatched away ballot papers when counting was on. Soon police and CRPF were called in. The cops first used batons to disperse unruly students. Later, teargas shells were obbed to bring the situation under control. The principal said the election was cancelled in view of the situation.ABVP supporters, later, staged a dharna in front of the DC (Cachar) bungalow on Thursday night in protest against the violence allegedly unleashed by NSUI, the students' wing of Congress, and cancellation of the election.On Friday, ABVP again organised a dharna in front of the office of the DC here on the same issue. The injured have been undergoing treatment at Silchar Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16790402", "title": "Women constable, husband held in emu scam", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 31-year-old woman constable of Perundurai police station in Erode was arrested along with her 35-year-old husband by Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of Tamil Nadu police from their hideout in Kozhikode in North Kerala on Thursday afternoon for committing financial fraud to the tune of Rs 10 crore, cheating more than 450 investors, luring them with emu contract farming opportunities. They were taken to Erode office of EOW on Friday morning and later produced before a Coimbatore court dealing with cases under Tamil Nadu Protection of Interests of Depositors (In Financial Establishments) Act-1997. The court had sentenced them to 15 days of judicial custody at Coimbatore Central Prison.Constable Gayathri Shankar and her husband Karthick Shankar, managing director of Gobichettipalyam based Key Gee Bright Live Stock India Private Limited, were evading arrest since August 7 by going under ground after the contract farming scam came to light in Erode district. The couple was hiding along with their business partner Shabeen Khanna (25) at a lodge in Kozhikode. EOW sleuths had been conducting searches for them in Kerala for quite some time. Three days ago, the police conducted a massive raid in Kunnamkulam in Thrissur district. They managed to evade arrest and moved to Kozhikode. Based on a tip off, EOW inspector S Sounderrajan and his team reached Coimbatore on Thursday afternoon and arrested them. EOW SP P R Venmathi said that the wing would seek police custody of the couple and their partner in the coming days to unravel the details of the scam and its perpetrators.EOW has already received 330 complaints against the couple while fresh complaints are still pouring in. The filed complaints alone are worth Rs 10 crore. As per preliminary estimates, they may have channelized a minimum of Rs 30.10 crore from investors. Like other emu promoters who cheated investors, the couple also lured investors through advertisement campaigns featuring film stars.For a single unit investment worth Rs one lakh, the couple had promised Rs 8,000 per month. About five months ago, they began defaulting in payments and they closed down the business in August. While Karthick Shankar belonged to State Highways Department as overseer of road construction works, his partner Shabeen Khanna identified himself as son of a military officer. Both hailed from Jyothi Nagar in Gobichettipalayam.Gayathri has been in police service for more than a decade and she used her official connections and influence to win investors. Earlier, she was with Tamil Nadu Armed Police and Tamil Nadu rapid Action Force. She was a Grade 1 Police officer in Perundurai but took extended leave in February this year to float the company along with her husband. Karthick Shankar left his job four months ago to focus on the new business. US-based NRI Pennamma C Simson (59) had filed a complaint with EOW against Key Gee last week claiming that the company cheated her to the tune of Rs 60 lakh. A native of Silk Street in Kozhikode, Pennamma's has been the largest claim received by EOW so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pavagadh, panchmahal", "code": "16791384", "title": "Don't give Gujarat in corrupt hands: Modi", "text": "PAVAGADH, PANCHMAHAL: Chief minister Narendra Modi culminated his Vivekananda Yuva Vikas Yatra giving the large audience in Pavagadh on Thursday a new slogan for the ensuing polls. The slogan has been derived from the quote by Rani Laxmibai of Jhansi 'Main apni Jhansi nahi doongi (I will not give my Jhansi)'.At the end of his speech, Modi called on the audience to repeat a slogan with him. Modi said much like the Rani of Jhansi, he wanted all the 6 crore Gujaratis to chant the slogan, \"Main apna Gujarat bhrashtachariyo ko nahi doonga... Baimano ko nahin doonga... Kaubhandiyo ko nahin doonga (I will not give my Gujarat to the corrupt... To the dishonest... To scamsters).\"The crowd repeated the slogan with him. The move gave a clear indication that the corruption by Centre will be on target of Modi in the campaign besides development issues.On the flip side though, while the crowd chanted the slogan with Modi, many had started leaving the venue during his speech. The fact that a large section of the crowd had been waiting for well over four hours is said to be the reason for the crowd getting restless.The fact that Modi spoke in Hindi amid demands that he should use Gujarati only contributed to the anxiety of the crowd.Modi's Saurashtra leg started from Limdbi in Surendranagar district and covered Amreli and Bhavnagar, besides addrsssing a rally at Dhoraji in Rajkot district on September 24. Dhoraji is known to be the stronghold of Congress heavyweight Vithal Radadia. He also covered Botad, Gadhda, Dhasa, Lathi, Liliya and Amreli a?? where Leuva Patels can swing results.Modi's Saurashtra leg started from Limdbi in Surendranagar district and covered Amreli and Bhavnagar, besides addrsssing a rally at Dhoraji in Rajkot district on September 24. Dhoraji is known to be the stronghold of Congress heavyweight Vithal Radadia. He also covered Botad, Gadhda, Dhasa, Lathi, Liliya and Amreli where Leuva Patels can swing results.In his second leg of Saurashtra tour, which started from Dhandhuka and ended in Junagadh, Narendra Modi covered Palitana, Savarkundla, Menderda, Keshod, Visavadar and Junagadh, where the Leuva Patel community can play a decisive role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16791699", "title": "Students, ABVP members stage protest", "text": "MANGALORE: Coastal cities of Mangalore and Udupi witnessed several protests condemning the rape and murder of the 17-year-old student of SDM College, Ujire on Friday.Students of Mangalore University organized a protest to condemn the incident in DharmasthalaAddressing the gathering, student leader Shravan Kumar said, \"After the homestay attack, many organizations and women's forum came to introspect it. However, in the case of the 17-year-old-girl, no one seems to be showing a genuine interest to pressurize the concerned authority. If the case is not taken seriously, we will intensify the protest.''Former students of SDM, Ujire, members of All College PG Student's Union and students of Mangalore University took part in the protest.In Udupi, ABVP members formed a human chain to protest the gruesome act at Tiger Circle, Manipal. ABVP district organizing secretary BS Shivakumar said, \"The incident has sent shockwaves among parents. Police should arrest the accused and stringent action should be taken against them.\"Student leader Prashanth Shetty said that this case should not meet the fate of Prithivi Poojary and Soumya Bhat case, who were also allegedly murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789478", "title": "Navratri performers tie up rehearsal, wait for showtime", "text": "MUMBAI: Hole-in-the-wall sheds as well as marriage halls are echoing with the sound of drumbeats as garba organizers wrap up song rehearsals for Tuesday's festival of Navratri. Small venues nearby rather than expensive open grounds are hired for daytime practice as the performing artistes put the final touches to their repertoire.Dandiya queen Falguni Pathak has outlasted the transition from dandiya to garba. \"Sixteen years on, I still get nervous before the season and hope that everything will go smoothly,\" she laughs, tuning the season's playlist. Like each year, it has Hindi, Marathi and Gujarati folk songs apart from her signature version of 'Pari hoon main'.This time, in a role reversal of sorts, it is Falguni who is guiding her new organizers through the niceties of stage and sound arrangements. \"They are hosting a dandiya event for the first time. Our sound check at the venue, Goregaon Sports Club, will take place Monday,\" she says.Given that Gujaratis are natural gourmets, it is tough to keep them from food. Falguni admits she is careful what she eats this time of year. \"My experiment with my wardrobe is limited to new fabrics and embroidery on the same trouser-jacket combination. If I wore anything else, the spectators would have trouble recognizing me,\" says the good-humoured artiste.Friday afternoon, singers Nilesh Thakkar and Priti Savla were finishing their penultimate rehearsal at Natraj Hall in Andheri. Covered with wall-to-wall mirrors, this specialized rehearsal hall is amid a slew of recording studios in the patchy Adarsh Nagar.The singers and musicians break into laughter as they rehearse a comedy song about a villager who spots a fat woman inside a car. \"Our playlist is dominated by Gujarati, Rajasthani and Marathi folk songs but we have included some funny numbers as well,\" says Tushar Sonigra who leads the Beats 16 troupe that will play at the Naidu Club garba in Kora Kendra, Borivli.The musicians are checking to see if the metre of the new song is suited to dandia beats. \"You often need to adapt the beat for the occasion. You cannot have a song which people do not feel like dancing to,\" says arranger Pinkesh Shah. The shiny wardrobe of all performers is in place and the singers laughingly say they have been \"doing their best\" to avoid oily, spicy food all week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789557", "title": "Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital nurse kills self", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 32-year-old nurse, who had been working in one of the city's top government hospitals, allegedly committed suicide by injecting a poisonous drip (Disamol-32) into the hand in her hostel room in New Delhi district on Friday afternoon.Disha Mohol, from Kerala, was found dead inside the hostel situated opposite Ram Manohar Lohia (RML) Hospital around 5.45pm. She was taken to RML Hospital, where she had been working for the past three-and-a-half years. Doctors declared her dead. Police said they would conduct a postmortem once her family members arrive in the capital.\"A suicide note written in Malayalam was found on her. The note says no one is responsible for her suicide and she is going to take the step over some personal problems,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16794979", "title": "RTO cracks a whip on drivers refusing passengers", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO has begun a crackdown on taxi and auto drivers refusing passengers, with the Tardeo RTO booking 11 cabbies for refusing passengers and the Wadala RTO registering cases against ten passengers.Said a senior RTO official, requesting anonymity, \"Now that the fares of taxis and autos have been hiked by Rs 2 and Rs 3 respectively, we want to ensure that commuters get the best of service. We have received complaints on refusals and meter tampering in the recent past, and we now want to crack a whip on the errant drivers.\"Another official said that drivers were caught unawares on Friday when the RTO teams camped outside stations and caught those who refused passengers. The drivers have been issued showcause notices and asked to report to the RTO within 14 days. They have been imposed with fines as high as Rs 1,500, sources said. Commuter rights activist Sunil Mone said that it should be a continuous drive against drivers and not just for a few days.\"There should be constant pressure on drivers to provide good quality service to commuters,'' he demanded. Shirish Deshpande of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat said that the quality of service had deteriorated and there was no improvement despite the fare hikes. He had challenged the fare hikes through a PIL filed in the Bombay high court. The court has now ordered appointment of an expert committee which will frame a new mechanism for fare hikes. Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16789214", "title": "Goa chamber of commerce and industry wants RBI to draw up package", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa chamber of commerce and industry (Ghas urged the Reserve bank of India to draw up a package for rehabilitation of people adversely affected by the stoppage of mining in Goa.The state government had issued the first order stopping mining, after the Shah commission report was submitted. Then, the union ministry of environment and forests, and the Supreme Court too followed suit. The ban allegedly has an adverse effect on barge and truck operators, mining machinery and equipment owners, as well as ancillary businesses, most of whom have loans to repay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16791932", "title": "NaMo Gujarat gets licence wings, on air soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: NaMo Gujarat cable channel, which had hit a roadblock last week with the Election Commission of India ordering its blackout, has got the required clearances to go on air. The channel is supposed to focus on state chief minister Narendra Modi and his achievements in Gujarat. The Ahmedabad collector's office on Friday gave operating licence to New Hope Infotainment Pvt Ltd for Namo Gujarat provided it followed certain norms.The channel promoters, homeopath Sujay Mehta and agriculture-equipment trader Sanjay Shah, have been asked to get clearance for all pre-recorded political programmes by Media Certification and Monitoring Committee (MCMC) before broadcasting them.However, as there are is no licence required for the IPTV, NaMo Gujarat's web programmes will not be bound by any of the conditions.\"New Hope applied had for a licence on Monday under the Gujarat Cinemas (Regulation) Act, 2004. After consulting ECI, Gujarat police and state entertainment tax authority, we have given them the operating licence,\" said district collector and district electoral officer for Ahmedabad Vijay Nehra. He added that ECI will keep a tab on contents of the channel.Modi's media advisors had tried to circumvent the EC's expenditure guidelines by launching private limited companies to promote him on different platforms. At least two companies were launched in the past six months in an outsourcing strategy which also circumvents the EC guidelines on 'paid news'.The company behind 'NaMo Gujarat', New Hope Infotainment Pvt Ltd was floated in August this year and has its registered office at Mehta's clinic at Vastrapur. Sources said Mehta was accompanied by Modi's close confidante Parindu Bhagat, popularly known as Kakubhai to the collector's office when he filed an application to seek license.Another company, Corenti Innovations Private Limited, also based out at Prahaladgnar, and involved in promotion of the Modi is said to be under EC scanner as well. However, the real backroom boys for the channel are Modi's close aides, Bhagat and his son Maulik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16795041", "title": "Education panel endorses no detention of students till VIII", "text": "NEW DELHI: No student should be failed till class eight, a sub-committee of an apex education body has said, \"unanimously\" endorsing the RTE proposal but at the same time suggested \"evaluation\" of the schools and teachers.The committee, which met here on October 10, has further suggested NCERT to compile the progress of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation scheme which is running in schools across the country and the model followed in different states, said sources.The sub-committee headed by Haryana education minister Geeta Bhukkal was set up by the Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE) this year for assessment and implementation of CCE in the context of no-detention or not failing student provision in RTE.The \"no-detention\" clause had become contentious after it met with opposition in some states leading to the constitution of the sub-committee.The panel had also invited suggestions from the members of general public for effective implementation of CCE and no-detention provision.The sub-committee were unanimous on the view that no-detention does not mean no-evaluation in class.In its second meeting, it also understood to have examined the final legislation to prohibit unfair practices in school education such as demanding donations for making admissions, overcharging of fees, not issuing written receipts for payments made by students.The legislation also seeks to check misleading advertisements to cheat students and parents, employing unqualified or ineligible teachers, underpaying teachers and other employees and withholding of certificates and other documents of students who decide to migrate to other schools.The legislation is expected to be put before the CABE meeting in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16791355", "title": "Will Delhi exorcise the Devils within?", "text": "Virender Sehwag's strained right-ankle ligament has healed magically, the BCCI has washed its hands off the affair saying \"it's a franchise decision\" and things are ready to roll for the Delhi Daredevils .This is one side which doesn't believe in half measures when it comes to packing the side with big-name hitters. Of course, in T20 cricket that translates into a top-heavy lineup which can make or mar a team's fortunes.The management obviously believes this is the way to go in spite of being denied any major silverware in the IPL so far.Like Sehwag's batting, there's something about this team one just can't put a finger on. In the IPL, they will usually steamroll opponents in the league stages, make some canny selections which will pay off in spectacular fashion, and of course one of their top batsmen will hit rollicking form. Equally dramatically, DD have tended to implode in the business end of big tournaments.Naturally, then, the man who is likely to grab the most eyeballs needs to come to the party. Kevin Pietersen , South Africa-born, vilified in England and currently facing no club-versus-country qualms till matters with the ECB are sorted out, will share the same dressing room with SA's own Morne Morkel. One wonders if they will have a quiet talk and a laugh about sending impetuous text messages.Delhi DaredevilsOwners: GMRSkipper: Mahela JayawardeneCoach: Eric SimonsKey Indian bowlers: Virender Sehwag, Umesh Yadav, Irfan Pathan , Unmukt ChandKey foreign players: Mahela Jayawardene , Kevin Pietersen, Ross Taylor , David WarnerCLT20 record: Played the inaugural edition in 2009, but failed to make the semis.IPL status: Topped the league stage, but finished third.Squad: Mahela Jayawardene (capt), David Warner , Kevin Pietersen, Ross Taylor, Morne Morkel , Andre Russell Virender Sehwag , Irfan Pathan, Umesh Yadav, Venugopal Rao , Pawan Negi, Naman Ojha (wk), Ajit Agarkar , Unmukt Chand , Aavishkar Salvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790213", "title": "Udyojika to boost entrepreneurship among women", "text": "NAGPUR: Udyojika - an all eves exhibition, the annual women entrepreneurship fair of Lady Entrepreneurs Wing (LEW) of the VIdarbha Industries Association (VIA), is all set to start on October 19 at Kusumtai Wankhede Hall.This will be the 17th edition of Udyojika which according to Suresh Agrawal, coordinator, VIA LEW, is an attempt to boost entrepreneurship among women. \"Many a time women have exceptional talents but they are not confident enough. But seeing other women in this exhibition they begin their start ups through our stalls the following year,\" he said.This year the main attraction of the exhibition is slated to be the stall of Paithani sarees which will also guide patrons on how to identify original Paithani sarees from fake ones.\"We have also given two stalls in charity to the Shraddhanadpeth Orphanage and Deaf and Mute School, Saoner. They will be putting up various articles like mobile covers, greeting cards, etc. Another attraction of the exhibition will be a special stall on brain mapping,\" said Anita Rao, chairperson, VIA LEW.There will be 95 stalls displaying an array of products like paintings, purses, linen, food products, etc manufactured by women entrepreneurs. Like every year there will be a number of awards in various categories for them. A souvenir will also be released on the occasion.Shyam Wardhane, Nagpur Municipal commissioner, will inaugurate the exhibition on October 19, at 11 am. The exhibition will be open for public till October 22, between 9 am and 9 pm.\"This exhibition is not only about the profits the women entrepreneurs make on these four days. It is about giving them a platform to make contacts and expand their business. It is about giving them an identity, the required encouragement. Most importantly, it is a venture by the women and for the women,\" Agrawal insisted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16790463", "title": "Residents irked by polluting hospital laundry unit", "text": "COIMBATORE: The residents of Park Town near Sungam in Coimbatore are up in arms against a private hospital in the vicinity which has been allegedly releasing contaminated water from its laundry units without proper treatment. Residents say that besides polluting the environment, the stench emanating from the untreated water is unbearable. They also claim that the laundry unit does not have the required approval from civic authorities.Gayathri Mehta, president of Park Town Kudiyirupor Sangam, said residents have been protesting against the launch of GKNM Trust mechanised hospital laundry, considering the problems it is likely to cause. Even though the laundry unit management assured them they would not be affected, the unit began to release contaminated water into a canal passing through the residential area. However no action has been taken against the unit, which is operating on a property leased out by the Sreenivasa Perumal Koil, Papanaickenpalayam.Gayathri said that the information furnished under an RTI petition filed by the town planning officer, Coimbatore Corporation, reveals that the corporation has not issued a license for running the laundry unit. The unit also does not have approval for the building plan and building tax has not been levied. No penalty has been collected as there is no property tax due on the building. The premises lacks a water supply connection and permission to dig a bore well has not been given.In yet another RTI reply, the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Circle has approved the electricity connection for the unit after a copy of the lease deed was provided. However the unit has not submitted the building approval plan and no objection certificate from the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB). In a reply from TNPCB dated May 29, the then public information officer K Kamaraj said that the unit was last inspected on April 19 and consent is yet to be renewed. On whether the trust produced necessary documents from the town planning department or local body to categorize it as a general industrial use zone, the TNPCB chose to remain silent.Nearly 55,000 litres of water, which is pumped through two bore wells, is being used everyday to operate the laundry unit, said Ragunathan, a resident. Although the unit lacks the necessary approval, it has dug a bore well with which it meets its water needs. He alleged that even thought the unit claims to be treating and recycling the water to irrigate plants within the compound, it is impossible to use the treated water completely. The rest is released through various channels into the canal, he added.\"We clearly know when water is released since the stench is unbearable,\" said Ragunathan. Even though residents notified the relevant officials about this problem, no action has been taken. There was a time when there was no water passing through the canal. But now the canal is always filled with water which often stagnates, he added. The mosquito menace has become worse due to this.\"A few years ago, my parents suffered lung infection caused by continuously inhaling strong sulphurous odours emitted from the common drain. They are still on medication and have moved to Canada from some relief,\" said Vinod Antony, another resident.When contacted, John Karunakaran, general manager, G Kuppuswamy Naidu Memorial Hospital, refused to comment on the issue without prior permission from the management. However another official, who did not want to be named, said that there are plans to shift the laundry back to the hospital within three months. He also said that initially, the unit was releasing water into the canal, but now the water is being recycled for irrigation. Spreading infection is not an issue as the material is disinfected at the hospital before it reaches the laundry unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789725", "title": "Shamim Khan storms back into lead", "text": "NEW DELHI: The battle of the Khans continued into the third round on home territory. And it was time for Day One leader Shamim to wrest the initiative back with another 8-under 64 after the DGC bushes scratched Rashid's BILT Open hopes on the back nine.Having clawed his way back with five birdies on the opening nine, the experienced Shamim caught up with the rival on the 10th as the youngster found the rough and settled for a bogey. There was little room for error and Rashid committed the gravest mistake on the par-4 11th with an errant tee shot. He took a penalty drop, needed two shots to reach the greens and two-putted for a double bogey. The signs were ominous then.With Shamim driving on with his trusty 3-wood and hot putter, there could be only one headliner of the day. Rashid recovered a shot on the 14th but the damage was already done as the 21-year-old brought in a one-over card which left him four strokes behind the deserving leader, who sunk three more birdies on the last four holes.\"Two eight-unders at DGC in a championship, I don't think I have ever done that,\" said the 34-year-old, pleased with his effort. However, he was not getting carried away. \"You cannot be assured of the result until the last hole is finished on this tricky course. Bade, bade (big) players have said so too.\"Part of him whispered that a cautious even-par round on the final day would do. \"I think 16-under is good enough to win the tournament but I will try to improve the score,\" he said, thinking about his second round 72, when he parred all 18 holes. \"That was an unusual round also but sometimes, when you fail to start well, you don't have the momentum and the confidence.\"There was no such problem on Friday, as he rediscovered the magical touch.He still has a job to do. Having celebrated two matchplay triumphs on his home course - the SRF events in 2006 and 2009 - there was a desire to seal his first strokeplay title. \"I have to focus on my own game on Saturday because if I get too distracted with what others are doing, I will suffer.\"Golf enthusiasts will remember how Anirban Lahiri self-destructed on the final day of the Bilt Open last season, with Chiragh Kumar coming back from eight strokes behind to take the trophy.The game is unpredictable but let's hope we are not looking at another meltdown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789108", "title": "CM booed, heckled by protesters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hundreds of protesters waved black flags at chief minister Sheila Dikshit as she stepped on the dais to deliver a speech at Nand Nagri in northeast Delhi. Dikshit was in the area to renovate the circle offices of the food and civil supplies department. The demonstrators, which included supporters of India Against Corruption and locals, were protesting against rising inflation , the hike in power tariff and irregular supply of ration and fuel.The protest began around 11am on Friday outside the office of deputy commissioner, revenue (northeast), in Nand Nagri. The protesters, including many women from the area, tried to block the route of the chief minister's convoy and some of them even mobbed power minister Haroon Yusuf's car. Around seven protesters were detained but they were released later. Some BSP workers also joined the protest.Downplaying the incident later in the day, Dikshit said, \"Elements who are trying to spread lawlessness and anarchy are behind such acts.\"The demonstartors, around 400 in number, said that they were angry with the Dikshit-led government on issues like price rise, the hike in power tariff and irregular supply of ration and fuel. \"We want the chief minister to answer some questions. What will a poor man do with the cash that is being provided instead of ration?,\" said Ramasaray, a protester and IAC supporter. The chief minister's attempt to explain herself turned futile amid constant booing by the public. The chaos led to an abrupt end to the function with security staff escorting Dikshit to her car.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kaithal", "code": "16789804", "title": "Agitating workers gherao Surjewala's Kaithal house", "text": "KAITHAL: With a view to press their demands related to re-employment of sacked workers of various private and government-run organizations, increase in wages of health workers, hundreds of activists on Friday staged protest outside the residence of Haryana industries and PWD minister Randeep Singh Surjewala.Surjewala represents Kaithal assembly constituency. He was in town on three-day tour to attend various political and public functions organized by locals. Assembled under the banner of Sarv Karamchari Sangh (SKS), hundreds of employees of various department and workers of various organizations, who included 250 sacked workers of Maruti Udyog Limited (MUL) plants at Manesar and Jhajjar, laid siege to Surjewala's residence for four hours. No untoward incident was reported as there was heavy deployment of police reserves in and around the minister's residence.Agitating members were later joined by representatives of Mumbai Workers' Union headed by Milan Ranade, who handed over a cheque for Rs 10,000 to the union representing workers sacked by MUL. Sarv Karamchari Sangh president Ramesh Harit said, \"We are forced to take this step as whether government or private sector, government has failed to go beyond the lip service, as far as employees' welfare is concerned. Unlike other states wherein employees' interests are a top priority, Hooda government is simply sitting on the files.\"The agitation ended after submission of memorandum to Surjewal when he walked out of his residence and assured to pursue their demands with government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16791365", "title": "League intervenes in passport tampering cases", "text": "KOCHI: Political clout of the Muslim League has diluted police probe into a series of passport fraud cases.The state DGP has advised investigating officers \"not to charge any criminal offence'' on more than 100 youths belonging to a particular community who were apprehended by emigration personnel after serious discrepancies in their passports were detected. Following this, they stand to escape stringent punishment by paying a simple fine of Rs 5,000.The incidents occurred at Karipur Airport where document examiners and forensic experts detected alterations made in the youths' passports. The tampering was to enable them to fly out to Saudi Arabia .Sources, while ruling out any terror angle, said dates of birth were corrected to help them find jobs as heavy vehicle drivers or male helpers in Saudi, where minimum eligible age is fixed at 23 for these jobs. It was 25 till recently.The intelligence wing reported that of the 110 Saudi aspirants nabbed, 105 belonged to a particular community.It was also found that a leading travel agency was the major culprit. But the police couldn't carry the probe forward as IUML took up the issue with the Congress leadership alleging that the case was a ploy to sabotage chances of genuine job seekers.\"In spite of the strong evidence, no cases were registered due to political interference. None other than the DGP issued the advice,\" a police officer said.DGP K S Balasubramanian told TOI that he had advised the police that ``it was not necessary to file a criminal case''.\"It is true that an investigation is on. There is a provision in the Passport Act which allows the respective passport officer to look into the case and punish the offender by imposing a fine if it is a minor offence,\" the DGP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16790635", "title": "Kochi to get new walkway", "text": "KOCHI: The proposed walkway, along the waterfront, from Alexander Parambithara Bridge on the Thevara-Willingdon Island Road to the BOT Bridge at Thoppumpady will soon become a reality as Cochin Port Trust (CPT) and district tourism promotion council (DTPC) have signed an MoU in this regard.The Rs 14-crore project envisages the construction of a 2.5 km scenic walkway that will have seating spaces, food courts, senior citizen's pavilion, pay-and-use toilets, children's play area, open exercise area, open air theatre, boat jetty and a party lawn. The project would be implemented in phases and the 350 metre stretch from Parambithara Bridge would be completed during the first phase. The work will being in a month.Kumar Group Total Designers, which has prepared the design for the walkway, told TOI that car parking facilities would be provided at certain spots. The entire stretch will be heavily landscaped with open plazas, water bodies, sand pit and a fountain.\"BPCL's Kochi Refinery has promised Rs 1 crore for the project, while state and central tourism departments have agreed to provide Rs 3 crore and Rs 10 crore,\" said Union minister of state for food and consumer affairs K V Thomas.DTPC secretary T N Jayasankar said the walkway project was originally mooted by the council and it would be implemented in phases by the CPT. The Thoppumpady Fisheries Harbour, renovated with an investment of Rs 10 crore, will be ready for commissioning within a month, informed Thomas after inaugurating CPT's cruise passenger facilitation centre that was set up with the assistance of central and state tourism departments.The fund for the renovation of the harbour was sanctioned by National Fisheries Development Board (NFDB) when Thomas was in charge of the portfolio a year ago.He said post renovation, the harbour can berth all types of fishing vessels and will have segregated areas for receiving divergent forms of fish like deep sea catch and shallow water catch. \"Most of the renovation work is over except the effluent treatment plant, which will be completed within a month,'' said CPT chairman Paul Antony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16790982", "title": "Lucknow University students clash over seat occupancy", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two students of Lucknow University clashed on Friday on the issue of occupying a particular seat. It was reported that a girl student belonging to first year Ancient Indian History (AIH) beat up a boy student of Medieval Indian History. The boy alleged that the girl also abused him outside after the class got over. LU has formed a five-member team to probe the matter.Additional proctor OP Shukla said a girl from first year composite history came to the proctor office in the afternoon complaining about a boy who has beaten her up. After few minutes, the boy came to the proctor office alleging that the girl had abused him and also beaten him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16790085", "title": "Phobia makes hospital spend third of budget on rabies vaccines", "text": "NOIDA: The district hospital in Noida spent a third of its annual budget of 2011-12 in providing free rabies medication to patients, most of whom did not require the immunization and were motivated more by phobia than actual requirement. Almost Rs 48 lakh from the Rs 1.6 crore annual budget of medicines was spent in providing these free rabies vaccines.Officials said that the rabies vaccination is done free of charge to patients. \"In many cases there is no requirement for immunization. However, the patient in many cases the patient is phobic and is convinced that he was bitten by a rabid animal. As a result we are forced to give him the immunization,\" said a senior official of the district hospital. A total of 430 patients came into the hospital last week alone for rabies shots.In 2011-2012, a total of Rs 47.7 lakh was spent on purchasing these vaccines, which the hospital gets on subsidized rates. The total budget for the year was Rs 1.6 crore. A total of 20,600 vials were bought during this time.From 2010-2011, rabies injections worth approximately Rs 27 lakh were given to patients, out of which 9,725 were obtained from Meerut, while 3,225 vials were bought by the district hospital. In 2009-2010, a total of Rs 17 lakh was spent by the district hospital in purchasing these vaccines.Hospital officials said that the reason for the high number of patients coming in for treatment against rabies is largely due to a phobia regarding rabies. According to association for prevention and control of rabies in India (APCRI), every year more than 20,000 people die of rabies in India and the country contributes to 36% of the total deaths due to rabies worldwide. \"There is an intense phobia regarding dog bites and rabies. It is very important for appropriate awareness to be spread amongst the masses,\" said Ashok Mishra, CMS, district hospital.According to the APCRI, rabies immunization is not required if the biting animal has remained alive and healthy for 10 days after the bite or if there has only been touching of a rabid animal without contact with urine or saliva. The APCRI also notes that the immunization is not required if the bite or scratch was over clothing, without tearing or piercing it and no sign of injury on skin at all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16789910", "title": "A Suvarna Soudha does not spell development", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka may have made a good start by establishing the Rs 391-crore Suvarna Vidhana Soudha in Belgaum. But it has a long way to go before it derives the dividends of having a second legislature complex in North Karnataka.Though construction of the Suvarna Soudha is said to be a symbolic assertion of Karnataka's long-held position that Belgaum is an integral part of the state, the project became a reality only after policy-makers envisaged that a separate Soudha would help remove the \"widespread backwardness\" of the North Karnataka region.The first major challenge before the BJP government now will be to shift some major government departments operating in Bangalore, as sought by some pro-North Karnataka organizations. This is crucial to ensure that the building remains functional and effective.While the state government is lining up a plan to shift half-a-dozen government departments, including water resources and animal husbandry, prior to the winter session to be held at Belgaum, sources in the secretariat said a section of bureaucracy, including the IAS lobby, has put up stiff resistance, citing drawbacks and expenditure.But chief minister Jagadish Shettar, who hails from the region, has made the government's intentions clear. \"The north-south divide in Karnataka had to be bridged through endogenously developed initiatives. Suvarna Vidhana Soudha is just a pointer towards this commitment. We will soon take steps to shift some important government departments that will help in the development of North Karnataka. In fact, it's a high priority for us to bridge North and South Karnataka,\" Shettar said.BUILDINGS DON'T MAKE A DIFFERENCEKarnataka's argument holds little or no water as the backward Vidarbha region of Maharashtra had not made any significant progress even after four decades of holding the annual winter session in Nagpur and shifting a dozen secretariat offices from Mumbai. \"I strongly believe that buildings will not help remove the inequality and imbalance of the people or regions. We need to have a systematic development plan and adequate funds to implement it for any region to grow,\" said MN Patil, a political science professor from Dharwad.Parthasarathy R Panchamukhi, the former director of the Centre for Multidisciplinary Development and Research, in one of his reports, said there are 11 variants of backwardness that challenge human development in Karnataka. Of these, North Karnataka lagged behind in almost all the human development indicators.NEGLECTED REGIONOf the 39 taluks in the state identified as most backward by the High Power Committee on Removal of Regional Imbalance that conducted a study in early 2000, 26 were in the northern region. This is largely due to the continued neglect of North Karnataka by successive state governments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789569", "title": "TOI journalist gets award for reporting", "text": "NEW DELHI: Recognizing reportage on humanitarian issues in conflict zones, the Press Institute of India and the International Committee of Red Cross ( ICRC ) awarded four prizes on Friday. The third prize was won by TOI's Supriya Sharma for a report on the travails of a group of school boys growing up in the Maoist conflict zone of Dantewada in south Chhattisgarh.The first prize was won by Rohini Mohan for a report from post-war Sri Lanka , published in the Caravan magazine. The other winners were Ramachandra Reddy Patil of the Week and Soma Basu of the Statesman. The winning reports were chosen from 80 entries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16792225", "title": "Dog bite cases on the rise in twin cities", "text": "HUBLI: The authorities' failure to tackle stray dog menace has resulted in alarming increase in the number of dog bite cases and compounded the woes of people in the city. Stray dogs have let loose a reign of terror in the city and in areas like Heggeri, Old Hubli, Ayodyanagar, Nekarnagar, Channapeth, Aravindnagar, people, including children, are being chased away by stray dogs every day. According to sources, 140 dog bite cases have been reported in September and 54 cases till October 9 alone at KIMS. Earlier, 50 to 60 cases were reported every month. Every day, many private hospitals also register such cases.In most cases, victims are aged between 4 and 16 years. Women and aged persons were also attacked in some areas. Last week, two children, one in Amargol and another in Old Hubli, were mauled to death by dogs.The spurt in dog bite cases contradicts the claims of the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) on its efforts to check stray dog menace. Manjunath Vaddar of Old Hubli, who was bitten by stray dogs recently, said he could do anything when he was attacked by a pack of dogs near Nekarnagar while he was going home in night. \"I was frightened. I was bitten on my left leg severely,\" he said.Another victim, Ravi Pujar, IX standard student of Marutinagar, said he was attacked by stray dogs from behind when he was going to school. \"When I tried to scare them away, I was again bitten on my neck and right arm. I was rescued by passers-by who chased them away,\" he added. HDMC commissioner Y S Patil said that two months ago, they launched a drive to sterilize more than 2,000 dogs in the first phase. \"There are nearly 15,000 stray dogs in the city. We will take steps to sterilize all dogs to control its population,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16790894", "title": "Earth-like rock on Mars, finds rover", "text": "WASHINGTON: A rock analysed by Nasa's Mars rover has a surprising and more varied composition than expected, resembling rare rocks from the interiors of Earth, the US space agency said.\"This rock is a close match in chemical composition to an unusual but well-known type of igneous rock found in many volcanic provinces on Earth,\" said Curiosity co-investigator Edward Stolper of the California Institute of Technology .\"With only one Martian rock of this type, it is difficult to know whether the same processes were involved, but it is a reasonable place to start thinking about its origin,\" Stolper said in a statement. On Earth, rocks with composition like the 'Jake' typically come from processes in the planet's mantle beneath the crust, from crystallization of relatively water-rich magma at elevated pressure.The rover team used two instruments to study the chemical makeup of the football-size rock called \" Jake Matijevic\". The results support some surprising recent measurements and provide an example of why identifying rocks' composition is such a major emphasis of the mission.Rock compositions tell stories about unseen environments and planetary processes. Jake was the first rock analysed by the rover's arm-mounted Alpha Particle X-Ray Spectrometer (APXS) instrument and about the thirtieth rock examined by the Chemistry and Camera (ChemCam) instrument.Two penny-size spots on Jake were analysed on September 22 by the rover's improved and faster version of earlier APXS devices on all previous Mars rovers, which have examined hundreds of rocks.That information has provided scientists a library of comparisons for what Curiosity sees. \"Jake is kind of an odd Martian rock,\" said APXS Principal Investigator Ralf Gellert.\"It's high in elements consistent with the mineral feldspar, and low in magnesium and iron,\" he said. ptiChemCam found unique compositions at each of 14 target points on the rock, hitting different mineral grains within. Examination of Jake included the first comparison on Mars between APXS results and from checking the same rock with ChemCam, which shoots laser pulses from the top of the rover's mast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16790195", "title": "Mob damages 30 vehicles, cops round up 52", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Angry mob went on rampage and damaged over 30 vehicles in Ballarpur town on Thursday night after a young labourer died in accident. Police used light baton charge to quell the mob. Cops during overnight rounding up operations arrested 52 people for rioting.Construction work of four lane road is underway at snail's pace through Ballarpur town. Entire traffic on the busy Maharashtra-Andhra Pradesh state highway was diverted on to a tattered single lane in the town after 28-year-old labourer Vickky Kove was run over by heavy cement-capsule (heavy cement container) near Gurudwara in Ballarpur at around 8.30pm.Irate labourers blocked the traffic and denied the cops to lift Kove's body. Traffic was disrupted for over three hours. The 400-odd mob went berserk and pelted stones and used cudgel to break the window panes of more than 30 vehicles including trucks, cars and MSRTC buses.Immediately additional forces were rushed to the spot. They used light baton charge to disperse the mob. SP Rajiv Jain and SDPO Raju Bhujbal also visited Ballarpur to inspect the situation. Later cops arrested 52 protesters from their residences during a rounding up operation that lasted whole night. On Friday, a local court sent all 52 accused to 15 days magisterial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790863", "title": "Rajasthan Assembly not to reply to HC order", "text": "JAIPUR: The 9th session of the 13th Rajasthan Assembly on Friday came to an end with draggers drawn between the legislative and the judiciary in the state.During an all-party meeting held after the Rajasthan Assembly was adjourned sine die on Friday, it was decided that the Rajasthan Legislative Assembly would not reply to a High Court notice issued to the state assembly over a summons issued by it to a woman cop by the Committee on Privileges. Further, it was decided that the Rajasthan Assembly would direct the DGP to arrest concerned inspector Rachna Gupta and produce her in front of the Committee on Privileges.After the meeting, Speaker Deependra Singh Shekhawat said that the judiciary does not have a say in this and cannot question the assembly's privileges to summon somebody and hence, the High Court notice would not be replied to. When asked about the tug-of-war between the judiciary and the legislative, he said, the work areas of the two were clearly defined in the constitution and that the judiciary should not interfere with the assembly's privileges.'' He denied that there was any conflict between the two.He added that the Assembly will issue a notice to the DGP to arrest Gupta and produce her before the Committee on Privileges within three days of issuing the warrant. The all-party meeting, which was held in Speaker's chamber, was attended by Deputy Speaker Ramnarayan Meena, Leader of Opposition Vasundhara Raje , Deputy leader of opposition Ghanshyam Tiwari, chief whips of both the parties among others.It was on July 19, 2010 that the members of the assembly's Committee on Welfare of Women and Children, headed by BJP legislator Suryakanta Vyas went on a sudden inspection of the Women's police station at Gandhinagar. Rachna Gupta, who was incharge of the police station then, not only not co-operated with the committee members but also was rude to them.The committee members filed a complaint against her with senior police authorities and also the Speaker. Shekhawat in turn passed the complaint to the Committee on Privileges, which is headed by Congress legislator Surendra Singh Jadawat.The committee issued 3 summon notices to Gupta but she neither did she appear not replied. After a writ petition was filed in the High Court against the notices, the High Court issued a notice to the Rajasthan Assembly on October 5,'' said Shekhawat, after the meeting. The speaker said that the state assembly will not reply to High Court's notice and that the DGP will be issued a notice directing him to arrest Rachna Gupta.The conflict between the legislative and the judiciary was not limited to this case but on Friday, Congress legislators heavily criticised the recent High Court directive on Amanishah Nullah during the zero hour in the house. Ruling party MLA Pratap Singh Khachariawas said that the directive was 'impractical' and that the court was bent upon making lakhs of people homeless. All court orders cannot be blindly followed. It is the responsibility of the public representatives to safeguard the interests of the common man,'' said Khachariawas.He was supported by Jadawat who said that that the law makers were not fools and the judiciary not the only smart one. There is a need for the legislators to take a strong stand and make a strong representation against such directives,'' said Jadawat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789678", "title": "Don\u2019t let off rapists on flimsy grounds, SC tells courts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Expressing concern at the \"devastating increase\" in rape cases and offences against women, the Supreme Court on Friday told trial courts and high courts not to acquit offenders because of mere technical discrepancies in the evidence.The judgment came from a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi, which allowed an appeal by the Uttar Pradesh government challenging an Allahabad high court decision to acquit a person who was awarded death penalty by a trial court which found him guilty of rape and murder of a minor girl.The SC set aside the HC's acquittal order and imposed life sentence. Justice Sathasivam, writing the judgment for the bench, said, \"The primary concern both at national and international level is about the devastating increase in rape cases and cases relating to crimes against women. India is no exception to it.\"He said the legislature has expressed its intent to deal with crimes against women and sexual assaults sternly by providing for stringent punishment but it was for the courts to ultimately decide on such incidents, weigh evidence before fastening guilt on the accused.\"The courts should be more cautious in appreciating the evidence and the accused should not be left scot free merely on flimsy grounds. In the instant case, the accused had committed rape, which rebels against moral conscience as he chose a girl of 11 years to satisfy his lust and subsequently murdered her,\" the bench said.Accepting arguments of senior advocate Ratnakar Dash who said the HC had brushed aside the eye-witness account without giving a cogent reason, the bench said the high court, unfortunately, had rejected the evidence on flimsy grounds.It said, \"The analysis and the ultimate conclusion of the HC is contrary to the acceptable and reliable material placed by the prosecution and we hold that the accused has first committed the offence of rape and then murdered the victim.\"We are satisfied that the prosecution has established both the charges under Section 376 (rape) and 302 (murder) of Indian Penal Code. In view of the same, we set aside the conclusion arrived at by the HC. Taking note of the fact that the incident occurred in the year 2002, we feel that rigorous imprisonment for life would meet the ends of justice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794677", "title": "Madhura Sreedhar\u2019s new film rolls out", "text": "Madhura Sreedhar, who earlier directed youthful entertainers like Sneha Geetham and It's My Love Story, has commenced shooting for his new film 123 (tentatively titled) in Hyderabad on Friday. Coming with a subtitle 1 life, 2 loves, 3 hearts, the film has Raghavendra Mahat playing the male lead while Colours Swathi and Malayalam actress Archana Kavi are playing the female leads.The triangular loves tory has soundtrack given by Sunil Kashyap and cinematography by PG Vinda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16794952", "title": "Bhopal women's panel condemns atrocities on minor girls", "text": "BHOPAL: The state women's commission (SWC) team on Friday conducted an on-spot inspection of the recent cases of atrocity against minor girls in Datia and Gwalior districts.SWC chairperson Upma Rai talking to TOI said, \"These incidences are heinous. The SWC condemns them.\"The team comprising Rai and member Shashi Sinhoo visited Bhander village in Datia district and later Bhadoi village in Gwalior district on Friday in connection with two separate incidents of rape and immolation.At Bhander, 40 km from Datia district headquarters, a 14-year-old girl was raped by seven men on October 1. The matter came to light after the accused started circulating the MMS of the incident following which the girl along with her mother reached the police station on October 6 to lodge a complaint.Rai said, \"The accused have been arrested.\"\"Besides, the property of the accused should be declared attached as per sections 82-83 of the Cr Pc within three days. Also the medical examination was done by a single doctor while the commission has recommended for a board of doctors to be constituted for it,\" she said.Rai also said the rehabilitation of the victim should be of prime importance and the administration should bear the cost of her studies. \"A fast track court should also try the case as per our previous recommendations,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16790192", "title": "Cops questions social activist in connection with Bhadra riot", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police crime branch questioned a social activist in the October 3, Bhadra riot case. Cops released her after recording her statement. Various NGOs, however, condemned the move and alleged that the agency wanted to malign activists.Crime branch said that city-based social activist Noorjahan Diwan was named by Zarina Khan, one of the accused in the riot case in which a police chowky was burnt down by a crowd near Karanj. As per Khan's statement given to investigating officers, Diwan had attended the meeting about the protest at Sardar Baug two days prior to the incident and had also been in touch before that with the persons involved.Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Shukla said that Diwan was questioned about the meeting and her connection with Khan in presence of women staff members. \"She was questioned for two hours at the crime branch office. Probe is on and steps will be taken against accused after collection of evidences,\" he said.Social activists in the city, however, said that crime branch officials went to Diwan's house on Thursday when she was not there and then called upon her to record her statement at crime branch. \"Accusing her of being involved and of campaigning against Babu Bajrangi, they tried to intimidate her. They accused that she had funded and organized the rally. They asked her where she works. When she said she is president of minority women's cell of the Congress, they asked her about her links with Anhad and Shabnam Hashmi,\" reads a statement by the NGOs.The social activists including Father Cedric Prakash, Gagan Sethi and Shabnam Hashmi condemned the alleged harassment of Diwan by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790165", "title": "Best brains of industry awarded", "text": "KOLKATA: Genius Consultants Ltd, in association with The Times of India, on Friday organized the Human Resource Excellence Award to recognize the efforts of HR community. The initiative was aimed at honouring companies and institutions for their training initiatives, employment engagement practices, innovative retention strategies, recruitment policies and leadership in the field of human resource development.The awards were given to firms in two categories - one to companies with a turnover of Rs 100-1,000 crore and the other thosewith a turnover of over Rs 1,000 crore. The Lifetime Achievement award was awarded to Sujit Sen, the former vice-chairman of Bengal Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry.In the first group for companies, Anthroplace Consulting Pvt Ltd bagged the best recruitment consulting firm award. Globsyn Business School was recognized as the best B-school for providing specialization in human resources. The company with best training HR initiatives went to SKS Microfinance Ltd. Univercell Communications walked away with the award for its employment engagement practices. Tata Metaliks Kuboto Pipes Ltd was adjudged the best company for innovation and recruitment. The best innovative retention strategy award went to Inspectorate Griffith India Pvt Ltd.In this group, Avik Chatterjee of Tata Metaliks Kuboto Pipes won the most number of awards. He was adjudged the outstanding HR professional of the year and the most innovative HR manager. Chatterjee also won the HR leadership award. Partha Pratim Chatterjee of Inspectorate Griffith Pvt Ltd was recognized as the most popular HR manager while Manjula Rao of Brainbees Solutions won the award for being the most talented recruiter.In the other category, TIL Ltd received the award for the best HR practice. Coromandel International Ltd was recognized as the company that had the best HR training initiatives. Glaxosmithkline Consumer Healthcare Ltd was awarded for being the best in employee engagement practices as well as for innovative retention strategy. Emami Ltd won the award for excellence in HR through adoption of technology. MSP Steel &amp; Power Ltd was adjudged the best for innovative talent management and succession planning.In the same group, Mathan Raj of Glaxosmithkline Consumer Healthcare Ltd was deemed the most innovative and most popular HR manager. Niranjan Dutta of Family Credit Ltd bagged the most talented recruiter award. The most outstanding HR leader award went to R Durgaprasad of Nagarjuna Fertilizers &amp; Chemicals Ltd. N Krishnamohan of Emami Ltd was adjudged the best CEO with HR orientation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16791103", "title": "Congress leader draws President's attention", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress leader Akhilesh Pratap Singh, MLA, in a memorandum addressed to President Pranab Mukherjee drew his attention to the pathetic condition of Poorvanchal area of UP. The memorandum said that the region of the state has poor health, education and employment infrastructure. Every year thousand of children die of encephalitis and the medical college in Gorakhpur lacks basic facilities. The memorandum has requested the President to order setting up of an All India Institute of Medical Sciences in Gorakhpur and a central government aided medical college and an engineering college in Rudrapur tehsil of Deoria district.Pandey to head CBMR in SGPGI: Dr Ganesh Prasad Pandey, scientist at CSIR-National Chemical Laboratory (NCL) Pune, has been appointed by the Government of Uttar Pradesh as the director of Centre of Biomedical Magnetic Resonance (CBMR), Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow. Dr Pandey is the senior most scientist of the NCL and his expertise is in the area of newer synthetic methodologies.Shivpal suspends 10 PCF personnel: On the directive of cooperative minister Shivpal Singh Yadav, 10 PCF personnel have been placed under suspension on charges of committing financial irregularities in PCF agriculture service in Hardoi district. It may be mentioned that Shivpal Yadav during his recent visit to Hardoi district inspected the PCF agriculture service and had detected several financial irregularities in it. He had ordered a departmental inquiry into the irregularities.Eco-friendly Durga Puja: Shri Sai Sewashram will be organising a grand Durga Puja function at Durga Park, Indiranagar Sector 13 from October 18 to October 24 in an eco-friendly puja pandal. President of Sri Sai Sewashram Chandra Kumar Chhabra while unveiling Durga Puja calendar said that the people visiting the puja pandal will not be allowed to carry polythene bags, plastics, guthka, paan masala, tobacco and non-veg food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790445", "title": "Ten-day Puja holiday for govt staff", "text": "KOLKATA: If you have some work at any of the state government offices, make sure it is completed by October 19, else you have to wait till the next month. All government offices will remain closed for 10 days at a stretch - from October 20 to October 29 - and reopen only on October 30. Though earlier, October 26 was a working day, a notification issued by the government on Friday has declared it as a holiday.The offices of the registrar of assurances and collector of stamp revenue will however remain open on October 26.Bengal is going for a total shut down for 10 days at a stretch, as state government offices will remain closed for Durga puja in between October 20 and October 29 and the offices will reopen on October 30 after Lakshmi puja. There was only one working day on October 26, but the state government issued a notification on Friday to announce it a holiday too.Earlier, it was a norm for the state government offices to remain closed till Lakshmi Puja. However, after Buddhadeb Bhattacharya came to power, the number of holidays was curtailed. The offices started opening a day after Dussehra. Friday's notification has made officials at Writers' Buildings happy. That time of uninterrupted holidays till Lakshmi Puja is back again, felt officials.Earlier, a section of the state government staff had planned to apply for CL on October 26 to enjoy an uninterrupted 10-day holiday. But with the new order in place, the state secretariat officials and government employees of other offices are a happy lot and gearing up to enjoy an extended holiday.Bank officials are, however, not as lucky as their state secretariat counterparts. October 25 and 26 will be working days for them. People are hence apprehensive of standing in long queues to get their bank work done on these two days.ATMs also may dry up during the festive season, some fear. But bank officials have assured that arrangements will be made to replenish the ATMs on a daily basis. \"But since most people will be out pandal hopping during the Puja days it is best to keep some cash stacked up or use cards for transactions,\" suggested another bank official.The extended holiday has raised a question among a section of officials - how will the government react in case there is an emergency or disaster? This is because with all the offices shut, only a section of the disaster management cell will function in the state secretariat.The state staff are happy with this extended holiday, but many officials have raised a valid question that if any disaster occurs during this period how will the government react. Because with all offices being closed only a section of the disaster management cell will function in the state secretariat.So, those who are in need of any service from the state government should either reach the offices by October 19 or should wait for the next month, as by the time the offices open the staff will be busy to queue up for their salary. Again the banks too are going to have two working days on October 25 and 26. So there are apprehensions that there will be a huge rush on these two days, Even the ATMs might dry up during the festive season. Though bank officials assured that they will arrange for replenishing the ATMs on a daily basis and for it specials arrangements had been made. But still to go for pandal hopping during the puja days its best to have enough cash ready or use cards for transactions, a bank official suggested.So, the staff at state secretariats and the other offices are getting ready for an extended holiday. Earlier a section of the state government staff had planned for taking a day's CL on October 26 to enjoy a continued holiday of 10 days. Now the state government had ensured that all government offices remain closed for 10 days, except the offices of registrar of assurances and collector of stamp revenue.The state staff are happy with this extended holiday, but many officials have raised a valid question that if any disaster occurs during this period how will the government react. Because with all offices being closed only a section of the disaster management cell will function in the state secretariat.State government holidays from Oct 20 to Oct 29Oct 26 was not a holiday, but government declared it a holiday on FridayBanks to remain open on Oct 25 and Oct 26", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794203", "title": "LiLo plans to vote for Mitt Romney as of now", "text": "Lindsay Lohan is backing Mitt Romney as her presidential candidate, as she thinks \"unemployment is really important.\"The troubled star declared herself for the GOP team as she walked the red carpet at the launch of a new ginseng drink, where a frenzied crush of paparazzi grilled her on everything from her politics to her hair color.\"I just think unemployment is really important, so as of now I think it's Mitt Romney,\" the New York Daily News quoted her as saying, when asked which candidate she plans to pick. \"As of now.\"While she registered as a Democrat in 2008, the actress never made it as far as the voting booth.\"Her status is inactive. She did not vote. Her records would be there,\" Angie Comer, a spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County Registrar said.\"She registered Democrat.\"She could go to her old voting place if she wants to vote in this election or there's an option to update her registration online,\" Comer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16790945", "title": "Sachar demands release of youth facing terror charges", "text": "LUCKNOW: Justice Rajinder Sachar on Friday along with activists of the Socialist Party (India) released a list of 49 Muslim youngsters from UP who were arrested on terror charges, and demanded that the state government should institute a committee for an impartial examination of each case.Sachar said that reports released by the Jamia Teachers' Association had led to the release of 16 Muslim youngsters who were falsely arrested under terror charges, and added, \"In UP, Nimesh Commission had been instituted for probing some of these cases. Though the state government has possession of this report since August 31, it has not put the same on the public domain.\"Informing that such arrests could foster feeling of victimisation among the Muslim community, which is dangerous to the entire country, Sachar also said this is a big challenge for the UP government. He also launched a spirited attack on the Congress government for projecting a pro-Muslim image. Calling it a \"foreign agency\" for its insistence upon FDI in multi-brand retail, the retired judge said states like New York, Los Angeles had reportedly protested Wal-mart's entry into their state because it destroyed the small and marginal producers. \"In India, there are 40 crore such families that fall in the marginal and small bracket. They will be wiped out if such companies are allowed.\"Earlier, while referring to the manifesto promise of freeing and compensating innocent Muslim youths charged for terror activities, the CM soon after taking over the reins of UP, announced that his government would seek legal opinion to withdraw terror cases against the accused in the November 23, 2007, serial blast case in Faizabad and Lucknow court premises.On Tuesday, while addressing an official function in Azamgarh, Akhilesh made an all-out bid to appease the minority community saying major steps had been taken to promote the welfare of the Muslim community, which include promoting higher education among Muslims, giving Rs 30,000 to Muslim girls passing class X for pursuing higher education or to get married, and allocating funds for building boundary walls around cemeteries to prevent encroachment.The CM was however, silent on the question of a separate 18% quota for Muslims, over and above OBC and dalit quota, another key poll promise the SP had made. During the election campaign, SP had promised to exceed the limit of 50% overall quota by \"suitably\" changing rules to incorporate a separate quota for Muslims, in proportion to their population in the state.Muslims account for 18.49% of UP's total population. Though SP had promised to immediately introduce a higher quota for Muslims in tune with their population, the government has failed to take any concrete steps in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789407", "title": "EWS facilities: 34 hospitals get notice", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government on Friday issued notices to 34 private hospitals for failing to meet the reservation percentages for treatment of poor patients laid down by the Supreme Court and high court.According to an HC order, 43 private hospitals on government land have to reserve 10% of their indoor admission facility and 25% of out-patient services for EWS patients. The defaulter list in the official release of Delhi health minister A K Walia includes Dharamshila Hospital &amp; Research Centre, Fortis Escorts Heart Institute, Max Super Speciality Hospital in Saket (East Block, Devki Devi), VIMHANS, Indian Spinal Injuries Centre, G M Modi Hospital, Primus Super Speciality Hospital, Batra Hospital, Jeewan Anmol Hospital, Bensups Hospital, R B Seth Jessa Ram Hospital, Rockland Hospital, and Fortis, Vasant Kunj.\"Based on compliance rate, further action will be taken,\" Walia said. The minister lauded the efforts of eight hospitals \u2014 Sri Balaji Action Medical Institute, Max Super Speciality Hospital in I P Extension, Bimla Devi Hospital, Venu Eye Institute, Vinayak Hospital, Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, Bhagwati Hospital and Bhagwan Mahavir Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791767", "title": "More than 3 lakh kids enrolled for 'Ashirwad'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: More than 3.94 lakh schoolgoing children have been enrolled for the 'Ashirwad' scheme where they would be offered all sorts of medical facilities.The scheme is part of the Child Health Guarantee Plan (CHGP) and children suffering from anaemia would be offered iron tablets for their health.Nodal officer (Ashirwad) and additional CMO, Dr OP Bhaskar told TOI: \" a total of 3,94,246 children from 2,238 primary, 926 middle and 22 high schools have been enrolled for the scheme\".He added that \"two medical teams headed by an MBBS doctor and the other by an AYUSH doctor would cover more than 3,000 schools in 20 blocks of the district and checking the health status of each and every child enrolled for it.With Ashirwad scheme is scheduled to be launched from November 14, the health officials are busy in chalking out the entire plan and a total 40 medical teams would be constituted for the same.Dr Bhaskar, meanwhile, maintained that the state health administration had held a training session for nodal officers at Lucknow on October 10 where the trainers were imparted training regarding the conducting of programme. He added \"once the medical teams get formed, each and every medical team would be imparted training by trainers and they would be taught about the important facts which would be taken care during the medical examination of the school-going children.Additional CMO, NRHM, Dr. Chandan Lal told TOI that under the first phase of the scheme , school going-children aged between 6 and 16 years studying in government primary, junior and high schools would be covered from November 14 for all medical facilities.He added under the second phase of scheme, children studying in government aided schools, vocational schools, labour department and social welfare department run schools, orphanages, madrassa and juvenile homes would be covered.Dr Bhaskar, meanwhile, pointed out that under the third phase, non-school going children would be covered. Health check up of such children aged between one and six years would be conducted with the help of aanganwari workers at aanganwari schools. And, children age above six years would be identified and covered with the help of ASHAs. Children residing at construction site, brick kiln centers, banjare ghumantu species would be covered.Officials said that medical teams would be acting upon the guidelines and each medical team comprises a doctor either MBBS or AYUSH, a nursing staff and a paramedical staff would be assigned the task of medical check-up of children. These medical teams would be conducting screening, investigation, referral and treatment of school going and non schoolgoing children.As it is known that children aged between 2 and 16 years usually reside at their homes in rural areas, medical teams would be constituted to cover all the children in all 20 blocks of the district.Dr Lal also pointed out that \" we have been taking the assistance of teachers to conduct medical check- up of school going children and they would also be offered D-verming tablets during the programme\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789813", "title": "Monsoon retreats from Pune", "text": "PUNE: The southwest monsoon finally made a retreat from the city, Mumbai and most of the northern parts of the state on Friday, almost 12 days after its normal date of October 1.Conditions are favourable for further withdrawal from the remaining parts of the state in the next two or three days, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast.\"The withdrawal of monsoon is manifested in the drastically reduced moisture content and the widening gap between day and night temperatures in the city,\" said Medha Khole, IMD's deputy director general for weather forecasting.\"The maximum temperature will be on the rise while the minimum temperature will keep going down in the next few days. This pattern normally occurs after the monsoon retreats,\" she said, pointing out that the IMD has no specific criteria for declaring the onset of winter season.\"The day temperature will increase as a result of direct solar heating while the night temperature will fall due to the cooling of atmosphere as clear skies will ensure that there will be no cloud cover to trap the radiation emitted from earth surface,\" she said.\"The minimum temperature was recorded at 17.5 degrees Celsius at 8.30 am on Friday. This was 2.3 degree Celsius below normal,\" Khole said. \"The maximum temperature was recorded at 32.4 degrees Celsius at 5.30 pm on Thursday and this was 1 degree Celsius above normal.\" The maximum and minimum temperatures will be around 32 and 17 degrees Celsius respectively, in the next 48 hours.On Friday, the monsoon withdrawal line passed through Forbesganj, Hazaribag, Champa and parts of Maharashtra, including Brahmapuri in Vidarbha, Nanded in Marathwada, Pune in central Maharashtra and Alibag in Konkan and Goa. The central Maharashtra belt stretches from Jalgaon and Nashik in the north to Kolhapur in the south with Pune at the centre.The IMD's all India weather bulletin stated that the monsoon has withdrawn from entire Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh , Gujarat and the north Arabian Sea, most parts of Bihar and Vidarbha and some parts of Jharkhand , Chhattisgarh , Marathwada, central Maharashtra, Konkan and Goa and the central Arabian Sea.There has been no rainfall in the city for the last five days, starting October 8. The last rainfall recorded was at 10 mm on October 7. Between October 1 and 7, the city recorded 120.2 mm of the post-monsoon rain, since, technically the monsoon season ended on September 30. This is 72.6 mm more than the normal for October.The IMD declares withdrawal of monsoon in phases, subject to fulfilment of three criteria, viz. five days of continuous dry spell in a given area, reduction in moisture content and a change in the wind pattern. The first withdrawal, from the extreme parts of west Rajasthan, was declared on September 24, over three weeks after its normal date of September 1.Subsequently, the monsoon retreated from the north and northwestern states till September 26 and the process was stalled thereafter due to a low pressure area (LPA) in west central Bay of Bengal and adjoining coast of Andhra Pradesh that caused increased rainfall in the peninsular and northeast India.The influence of the LPA diminished around October 8 and the monsoon made a further retreat from Uttar Pradesh and parts of Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat and Bihar. The IMD had predicted favourable conditions for further withdrawal of monsoon from parts of Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16790230", "title": "All bags, no bins at Bhubaneswar malls", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With city malls and shopping centres witnessing a festive rush for Durga Puja, sanitation outside market complexes has become a cause for concern for Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation.Though the civic body had privatized 40 of 60 wards, engaging four private agencies to look after sanitation in their respective zones, garbage continues to skim posh commercial establishments, raising questions about the efficacy of the agencies. Dustbins are especially conspicuous by their absence outside shopping complexes.Upscale Saheed Nagar, which is home to several influential administrators and politicians, is the worst affected ward, where chief minister Naveen Patnaik had recently flagged off the 'clean Bhubaneswar' campaign. \"The maximum number of malls and commercial establishments exist in this locality. But you can hardly find any dustbins outside the establishments. Influential people residing here never raise their voice against the malaise,\" said local corporator (ward no 37) Padmanav Das.Asked about his role in maintaining cleanliness, Das said, \"I have raised this issue in BMC meetings many times, but to no avail. The private sanitation contractor is not performing well in the ward.\" He accused BMC officers of turning a blind eye to the poor performance of the private agencies.\"Though BMC vehicles come at the stipulated time to collect garbage, workers find it hard collect the garbage lying scattered on the road. Since the contractor has not placed any dustbins in the area, we have put some garbage dumping containers on our own,\" said Anupam Agarwal, marketing executive of a mall.\"Since we are common citizens, our demand for better sanitation and parking space have gone unheard by the authorities concerned. We have no more stamina to raise our voice,\" said Loknath Panigrahy, a local resident.BMC commissioner Sanjib Kumar Mishra said the civic body has served showcause notices to some sanitation contractors for not installing dustbins and containers in markets. \"They were warned of cancellation of their agreements. While very few have complied with the direction, others are still unresponsive,\" Mishra told TOI. \"We will cancel their terms and agreement if they do not improve service in the wards assigned to them,\" he said.Fresh tenders will be floated to select new private agencies, who failed to deliver in the past few years, Mishra said. \"Though contract period of the agencies has expired, we are allowing them to function on extension. But we would shortly engage new agencies after assessing the performance of the existing players,\" he said. The corporation is slated to include 13 more wards under the PPP mode for sanitation management, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790895", "title": "Residents' protests hamper Jaipur Municipal Corporation drive at Amanishah", "text": "JAIPUR: The ongoing protest by affected house owners at Amanishah Nullah hampered JMC's anti-encroachment drive on Friday.Five teams of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation could serve only five notices-four at Rawal ji ka bandh area and one at Hassanpura.The civil lines zone commissioner had reportedly called a meeting of the enforcement and zone officials to prepare a strategy for Friday's drive.Five teams were constituted to issue notices at Rawal ji ka bandh, Hassanpura, Sushilpura and NBC areas of the city. However, assessing the situation at these sites where residents have intensified their protests, the teams thought it better to return.A senior official said, \"On Friday, we have issued five notices. The drive was hampered as the residents turned aggressive and considering the safety of the officials, the teams were called back.\"Meanwhile, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) issued 129 notices to the owners under section 32 of the JDA Act on Friday. According to the JDA officials, notices were issued to owners of houses in the catchment area in Ashok Vihar, Ashok Vihar extension, Ganesh Vihar , Ganesh Vihar extension and Shiv Vihar.Rajasthan high court on October 4 ordered that all encroachments in the catchment area of the nullah, a dry riverbed, be removed within the next 15 days. As per the JDA estimate, nearly 3,000 illegal constructions, majority being residential buildings, have been built in the catchment area of the 49-km long nullah.\"Officials were asked to continue issuing notices to the encroachers. To prepare the list of encroachers, it was advised to seek help of voters' list, census and Google map,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789714", "title": "Single-screen theatre owners postpone strike", "text": "PUNE: The state finance minister is expected to take a final decision on the demands made by single-screen theatre owners, which include unconditional 'user change' permission, funding for renovation and abolition of entertainment tax.State minister for cultural affairs Sanjay Deotale on Friday said the Cinema owners and exhibitors association of India held a meeting with revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat and minister of state for home Satej Patil on Wednesday. It was decided during the meeting that a proposal regarding the concession to be granted to theatre owners would be submitted to the finance minister.The association had threatened of a statewide strike from Friday. However, following the meeting with the ministers, the strike was put on hold. The exhibitors have demanded an unconditional 'user change' permission, which will allow theatre owners to use their premises for other activities. Single-screen theatres are charged 57% tax on ticket earnings, including 45% entertainment tax and various other taxes. The association has demanded that the entertainment tax be abolished. Deotale said, \"The demands need to be looked into by the finance minister and later, another meeting will be held with the association members.\" The association members have said that they need at least Rs 50 to 70 lakh to renovate theatres which are 30 to 50 years old. \"Giving this kind of grant needs the finance minister's approval,\" he said.Meanwhile, the association's president R V Vidhani said, \"Since three cabinet ministers heard our demands and assured to look into them, we decided to postpone our strike by a month. We will follow up the matter and see that the finance minister takes appropriate steps.\"Vidhani said, \"The rules pertaining to single-screen theatres are too rigid and need to be changed. Owners of single-screen theatres are not allowed to sell their property to parties interested in taking the business ahead. Instead, we are forced to sell our properties to real estate developers or give it on lease for other purposes.\"Of the 1,080 single-screen theatres in the state, 524 have shut business. In Pune, eight theatres out of 26, have stopped screening films as it has become non-viable. If the theatre is closed down, the owner can save at least the day-to-day expensesThe theatres which have closed down include: Alpana, Sonmarg, Vijayanand, Bharat, Nishat, Nataraj, Deluxe (Pimpri) and Excelsior (Khadki).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791915", "title": "Man burns wife to death, gets life term", "text": "CHENNAI: A 26-year-old man was sentenced to life imprisonment on Friday for burning his wife. Mahila court judge Meena Sateesh also fined the accused, Anoop, 10,000.Anoop doused his sleeping wife Kalpana with kerosene and set her afire around 3am on June 20, 2010 at their house in CIT Nagar, Nandanam, as she was a hindrance to his plans to marry another woman and have a child, the prosecution said. Kalpana died around 4.30am in hospital and Anoop was arrested a day later. \"It was a gruesome murder where a man killed his wife to have a child with another woman,\" said public prosecutor Gowri Ashokan.The prosecution said Kalpana had earlier married Nagaraj and they had two children. Soon, Nagaraj left her for another woman. Kalpana, who was struggling to make a living, met Anoop in 2007 and they got married.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16791327", "title": "Does EU deserve the Nobel Peace Prize?", "text": "The Nobel Peace Prize has often been controversial and this year's award promises to be no exception to the rule. Even if we grant that giving the prize to a multilateral body like the European Union for work done over decades is not too much of a stretch of the original idea behind the prize, questions are bound to be raised about the timing of this award. Was it really necessary to give the prize to the EU in a year in which the Eurozone crisis has dominated headlines? For the EU it is clearly a welcome break from all the negative publicity it has been engulfed in, but that's no reason for the rest of the world to celebrate.Related Story  :  Nobel peace prize for crisis-hit European Union", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16789741", "title": "Rs 1L damages given to raped minor's father", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration on Friday presented a cheque for Rs 1 lakh to the victim's father as compensation for the rape of a six-year-old girl. The unprecedented development came as Gurgaon police arrested one more man who had also allegedly raped the abducted minor girl in the city on Thursday evening. This meant the girl was gang-raped.The NGO Shakti Vahini, which runs Childline in Gurgaon, lashed out at the administration for announcing the compensation, terming it a 'populist measure'.Cops produced the man arrested on Friday and the one arrested on Thursday for the rape in a city court, which sent the two in judicial custody. Meanwhile, the victim, who was admitted in the Civil Hospital in an unconscious state, is under observation.On Thursday evening, 18-year-old Chotu Ravidas, native of Bihar , who was also living in rented accommodation and working as labourer had abducted the daughter of a rickshaw-puller with the help of one Naresh and the two raped her in his room. Chotu Ravidas was caught after his neighbours raised an alarm while Naresh was caught on Friday. The girl was admitted in the Civil Hospital in an unconscious state. Naresh confessed to police that they had gang-raped the girl.On Friday a team from the child welfare department went to the Civil Hospital and provided a cheque of Rs 1 lakh from the district administration as financial help for the victim. A senior police officer said that according to the doctors tending her, the girl would be discharged in two or three days. In the hospital, the victim's father, who was very upset, said: \"I want death penalty for the accused\".Meanwhile, the Janwadi Mahil Morcha submitted a memorandum to DC P C Meena condemning the gangrape.Ravi Kant, Shakti Vahini president, said, \"Giving compensation is a knee-jerk reaction of the government which is entirely for cheap publicity on the handling of rape cases.A Childline spokesperson added that they would monitor the case further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16790959", "title": "Uncertainty continues prevails over appointment of new Lucknow Municipal Corporation chief", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uncertainty appears to have deepened over the absence of municipal commissioner in Lucknow. NKS Chauhan, who was transferred from Kanpur Municipal Corporation to the Lucknow Municipal Corporation has not reported even after a gap of more than 10 days. Though there was no official announcement of cancellation of Chauhan's transfer to Lucknow, the state government cancelled transfer of RK Singh as GM NRHM from municipal commissioner Kanpur on Thursday. Singh now has been posted as additional director Mandi Parishad.With this, the Lucknow Municipal Corporation once again plunged into uncertainty, even as the officials in the department of the urban development could not say with certainty as to who would head the LMC in coming days. An official in LMC on condition of anonymity said, \"It's very rare that a commissioner doesn't join even after so many days of the appointment. A person normally joins in a day or two. I am sure there must be some differences within the government over his appointment.\"A senior LMC official confirmed that Chauhan's appointment as LMC commissioner has been cancelled. Few officials even said that it could be Chauhan's own decision not to join LMC as it faces more number of challenges and scrutiny of people, being a nodal body in the capital. \"Since people have more expectations here, may be no one is ready to take the charge as the civic head because of the weak financial conditions and the problems it is facing\", said officials. But the probability of Chauhan opting out of this appointment seems low as unusually these appointments are given with prior consent of the appointee.Chauhan, however remained unavailable for the comment.People working in the department said that the state urban development minister Azam Khan was not happy with Chauhan's appointment as he was not taken into confidence while considering his name. As a result, Chauhan's transfer order from Kanpur to Lucknow was delayed and eventually not confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791639", "title": "Six special trains to ease rush during festive season", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Railways will six special trains during the festive season. These trains will ply between Varanasi-Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT), Gorakhpur-LTT, Muzaffarpur-LTT, Mumbai Chattrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST)-Patna and Mumbai CST-Agra Cantt and LTT-Jammu Tawi.Train numbers 01027/01028 will ply between LTT and Varanasi. It will depart from LTT at 1:20pm and move via Kalyan, Igatpuri, Nasik Road, Manmad, Bhusawal, Khandwa, Itarsi, Pipariya, Narsinghpur, Jabalpur, Katni, Maihar and reach Satna at 7:40am, Manikpur at 9:45am, Chheoki (near Allahabad ) at 11:20am, Mirzapur at 12:50pm and terminate at Varanasi at 3:30pm. During the return journey, the train will depart from Varanasi at 7:55pm and reach Mirzapur at 9:38pm, Chheoki at 10:48pm, Satna at 2:05am and further move via Katni, Jabalpur, Pipariya, Itarsi, Khandwa, Bhusawal, Manmad, Nasik Road, Igatpuri, Kalyan before terminating at LTT at 11:45pm. The train will depart from LTT every Tuesday from October 16 to 27 and from Varansi end every Wednesday from October 17 to November 28. The train will have one AC-II tier, two AC-III tier, 11 sleeper and three general coaches.Train numbers 1047/1048 will ply between LTT and Gorakhpur. This train will depart from LTT at 1:20pm and move via Kalyan, Igatpuri, Nasik Road, Manmad, Bhusawal, Khandwa, Itarsi, Pipariya, Narsinghpur, Jabalpur, Katni, Maihar and reach Manikpur next day at 9:45am, Chheoki at 11:20am, Mirzapur at 12:50am, Varanasi at 3:30pm, Mau at 5:55pm, Bhatni at 7:45pm and terminate at Gorakhpur at 9:35 pm. During the return journey, the train will depart from Gorakhpur at 8:25 am and reach Bhatni at 9:41 am, Varanasi at 2:14pm, Mirzapur at 4:20pm, Chheoki at 5:55pm, Manikpur at 7:58pm and go through the route of Katni, Jabalpur, Pipariya, Itarsi, Khandwa, Bhusawal, Manmad, Nasik Road, Igatpuri, Kalyan before terminating at LTT at 5:50pm. The train will depart from LTT every Friday from October 19 to November 30 and from Gorakhpur end every Sunday from October 21 to December 2. The train will have one AC-II tier, two AC-III tier, 11 sleeper and three general coaches.Train numbers 1057/ 1058 will ply between LTT and Muzaffarpur. The train will depart from LTT at 1:20pm and move via Kalyan, Igatpuri, Nasik Road, Manmad, Bhusawal, Khandwa, Itarsi, Pipariya, Narsinghpur, Jabalpur, Katni, Maihar and reach Manikpur next day at 11;18 pm, Chheokiat 1;08 pm, Varanasi at 5:10 pm, Balia at 8:40 pm,Chhapra at 10:20 pm and finally terminate Muzaffarpur at 1:05 am. During the return journey, the train will depart from LTT every Wednesday from October 17 to November 28 and from Muzaffarpur end every Friday from October 19 to November 30. This train will comprise of one AC-II tier, one AC-II tier, 10 sleeper and three general coaches.Train numbers 1041/1042 will ply between Mumbai CST and Patna. The train will depart from Mumbai CST at 00:50 am and move via Thane, Kalyan, Igatpuri, Nasik Road, Manmad, Bhusawal, Khandwa, Itarsi, Pipariya, Narsinghpur, Jabalpur, Katni, Maihar, Chheoki at 1:43 am and finally terminate at Patna at 10:00 am. During the return journey, the train will depart from Patna at 12:20 and after passing through the above route will terminate at Mumbai CST next day at about 1:05 am. This train will depart from Mumbai CST every Friday from November 2 to 30 and from Patna every Saturday from November 3 to December 12.Train numbers 1031/1032 will ply between Mumbai CST and Agra Cantt while train numbers 1005/1006 will ply between Jammu Tawi and LTT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790163", "title": "Youth shot at near Ghola", "text": "KOLKATA: A 19-year-old boy was shot at by a miscreant at Agarpara Ushumpur Battala near Ghola on Friday morning. Rahul Roy, the victim, was admitted to RG Kar hospital in a critical condition. Locals caught the shooter - identified as Gopal Pal - beat him up severely and handed him over to the police. Cops also seized a pistol from the accused.The incident occurred around 11.30am when Rahul, an employee of a garments factory, was returning home after playing football. Gopal, a local criminal, suddenly rushed to him and fired at him. The bullet struck on Rahul's right leg. He slumped to the ground, bleeding profusely. Locals rushed him to the hospital.While Gopal tried to flee locals caught him and started beating him. Police rescued and admitted him to Kamarhati Sagar Dutta hospital.\"The motive behind the attack could not be ascertained,\" said Biswajit Ghosh, additional DCP, Barrackpore. tnnAccording to a local sources, Gopal, a resident of Agarpara's Shalpatabagan had earlier been arrested for stealing some ornaments from a jewellery shop at Ushumpurbazar three months back. Some local youths including Rahul caught him and informed police. He was released from the jail only a few days ago and attempted another attack on Rahul on Thursday night. Locals alleged that Gopal tried to kill him to take revenge. \"On Thursday night when Rahul was returning home from the garments factory at Shalpatabagan, Gopal also attacked him at that time. Then locals rushed to the spot and Gopal fled. Fearing further attempt on his life we asked Rahul not to join his duty in the factory located near Gopal's residence on Friday. Then Rahul joined us to play football in Uttarpally ground on Friday morning while Gopal was waiting to attack him further with firearm near the football ground,\" said Suvankar Karmakar, Rahul's friend.Police are however yet to ascertain the motive behind the attack.In another incident, a 52-year-old central government employee was shot dead by the miscreants near his residence at Shikdarpally near Bongaon in North 24 Parganas on Thursday night. One person has been arrested in this connection. Police said the incident took place around 9.30 pm when Parimal Basu,the victim and an employee of a department of central ministry of commerce was on his way back home from his office. Three bike borne miscreants fired two bullets at him and fled the spot. Basu was struck by the bullets on his chest and abdomen and died at the spot. His son Mrinmay lodged a complaint against Dipak Banik, the victim's brother-in-law with Bongaon PS late on Thursday. Police have arrested Banik on Friday morning. After a preliminary investigation police suspect that a family dispute over property could have led the murder and the contract killers were hired to commit the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "16791383", "title": "Denied marriage register, RTI applicant to move court", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: An RTI applicant has threatened to move court after he was denied access to the marriage register book by the Christian clergy in Anand district.RTI applicant Victor Macwan, who belongs to the Christian community, has alleged that the book in which Catholic marriages is registered by the Christian clergy in Gujarat is being kept as a closely guarded secret.Macwan had made a search application under Section 63 of the Indian Christian Marriage Act (ICMA) 1872 with RTI application seeking details of the marriage-register-book which was denied by Father Tony, the parish priest of Catholic Church in Mariampura at Petlad in Anand district.\"Under ICMA 1872, the priest is the registrar of marriage. Hence, he is governed by the same act and consequently under Sections 2 (f), 2 (h) and 8 (j) of the Right to Information Act 2005. Therefore, information generated regarding the solemnizing and registration of marriages and information connected therewith comes under the purview of public domain, and information generated with public funds. But, I was refused the search of marriage register and also details of the declaration of 17 proactive disclosures required under Section 4 of the RTI Act,\" says Macwan.Macwan says he had sought details of all the marriages that were solemnized by the church between 1975 and 1985.As per the applicant, Section 63 of ICMA 1872 states: \"Every person licensed under this Act to grant certificates of marriages, and keeping a marriage-register-book under Section 62 shall, at all reasonable times, allow search to be made in such book, and shall, on payment of the proper fee, give a copy, certified under his hand, of any entry therein.\"Father Tony, however, told TOI that the applicant was denied information as the details sought was concerning a third party. \"We cannot show details related to a third party to any such applicant,\" he said, claiming that the marriage-register-book, which the applicant wanted to access does not come under the purview of the RTI Act.When contacted by TOI, Bishop Thomas Macwan refused to comment on the issue. \"It will not be proper for me to make any kind of comment about the application,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789239", "title": "Cabbie in cop custody till October 16", "text": "MUMBAI: A Bandra court has remanded taxi driver Virendrakumar Tiwari (40) in five days' police custody for allegedly knocking down six people near Mint Colony in Mahim early on Wednesday. Tiwari will be in custody till October 16.The Mahim police will send a report of the accident to the traffic COPS to decide whether Tiwari's driving licence should be suspended or terminated permanently for trying to drive over people under the influence of alcohol. \"Cancellation or suspension of a driving licence is done by the traffic department. We will send Tiwari's case report to the traffic department concerned to take further action against him,\" said DCP (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.Meanwhile, Bansi Chouhan, one of the pavement dwellers injured in the Mahim incident, is still not out of danger. He suffered grievous head injuries. \"He is still in the ICU and not out of danger,\" said a doctor at Bhabha Hospital, Bandra. Doctors said they would have to observe Bansi's condition before deciding on their plan of action.According to the police, Tiwari has worked as a taxi driver in Mumbai for the past 17 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790841", "title": "No demolition of Barkat Nagar shops till Oct 29", "text": "JAIPUR: Shopkeepers and residents whose properties are located along the Barkat Nagar-Mahesh Nagar road in Tonk Phatak area and under threat of being demolished due to road widening, got a festive season respite on Friday, as the civic authorities agreed to suspend any coercive action till October 29.An assurance in this regard was made before the high court by the advocates of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) and the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) which were carrying out the demolitions on the court directions. A division bench headed by Chief Justice Arun Mishra had ordered the two civic bodies to widen the road in May this year on the basis of a public interest litigation (PIL).As JDA and JMC got down to execute the division bench order, the affected businessmen and local residents protested and demanded that they be heard before pulling down their properties.A writ petition has now been filed before the court by one H L Mittal and 109 other affected persons arguing that they be first heard and rehabilitated. During the matter's hearing before the single bench of Justice Ajay Rastogi on Friday, the petitioners also pleaded that the government action has been initiated when the festive season of Navratra, Dusshera and Diwali are round the corner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16794279", "title": "CLT20 not in interest of Australia's Test preparation: Inverarity", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australia's chief cricket selector John Inverarity feels the Champions League Twenty20 is adversely affecting the team's Test preparations ahead of the series against South Africa next month.Star players such as World Twenty20 Player of the Tournament Shane Watson , David Warner , Mike Hussey , Ben Hilfenhaus , Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins and Brad Haddin will be competing in the CLT20 for their respective teams.Due to this, they would play just one Sheffield Shield match before the first Test against the Proteas starting on November 9 and Inverarity is not particularly pleased with the situation.\"It is anything but an ideal preparation,\" Inverarity told 'The Herald Sun'.\"You just have to do your best but having the Champions League where it is now is not in the best interests of good preparation for the first Test.\"Inverarity said pacer Cummins would be used sparingly during the series.\"For some time you will not see him play three Tests in a row,\" Inverarity said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16793379", "title": "Sanjay Dutt and Sanjay Gupta friends again", "text": "Big B's birthday bash on Wednesday, October 10 was an event in itself but what happened during the course of the celebrations took everyone by surprise.While former best buddies-turned-enemies Sanjay Dutt and Sanjay Gupta ignored each other for most of the evening, later on, someone yelled across the room, \"Hey Gups!\" Everyone froze, more so Gupta. It took the filmmaker a few seconds to realise it was Dutt, possibly mellow after downing a couple of drinks, who had called out to him. Gupta turned around and greeted Dutt with a warm hug. All the bitterness seemed to melt away with that jadoo ki jhappi...Dutt was with his wife Maanyata when he and Gupta hugged and made up. Gupta's wife Anu was nowhere in sight. Said our eyewitness, \"When Anu returned, she was startled to see her husband speaking to Dutt. Gupta warmly introduced Anu to Maanyata. They spoke for almost 10 minutes.\" Gupta admitted: \"We met and we hugged. That was it. Our wives met for the first time. I think life is too short to hold on to grudges.\" Dutt too confirmed: \"Gups and I reached out to one another at Amitji's b'day party. It felt really nice. After all, he is like a younger brother. We go back a long way.\"After Shootout at Lokhandwala (2007 ), Dutt had terminated his professional and personal partnership with best buddy Gupta amidst allegations of financial bungling within White Feather Films, the production company they had partnered since 2001. The fallout was so bitter that in an earlier interview, Gupta had said he would never be friends with Dutt in this life. Dutt had replied, \"Why only this life? We can't be friends in any of my futurelives.\" Looks like Dutt will never say never again...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16792443", "title": "Chennai cops juggle many roles a day", "text": "CHENNAI: It is second nature for this policeman from Triplicane to mediate between warring couples in one of the city's biggest slums. For the past few years, he has been alternately donning the role of a friend, a counsellor and a law enforcer like many of his colleagues as their duties include dealing with domestic tiffs, college violence and providing bandobust for VIPs. All in a day, sometimes.\"Often, MTC crew stop buses right in front of the station as they don't know how to handle boisterous college students,\" says an officer . \"We try our best but dealing with students is tricky.\" It is not just the high volume of work that city police officers have to deal with. They also have to tackle numerous people and incidents with tact and this can prove stressful when there is a staff crunch.For example, D1 Triplicane is one of Chennai's biggest police stations. It covers some of the oldest residential localities, cinema theatres like Devi and Shanthi, Presidency College, Kasturba Gandhi Hospital For Women and Children, M A Chidambaram stadium and congested slum board colonies like Lock Nagar, Ellis Puram and Sathyavani Muthu Nagar. The officers also keep an eye on protest venues nearby and provide security for VIPs heading to the state secretariat.\"We have a team of 57 people. We are able to handle the complaints well,\" says a senior officer. What he doesn't say, however, is that it may not be the ideal strength for covering the nearly two lakh people within the station's limits. \"For protests and bandobust duty, we always get extra hands from stations nearby,\" he says.Juggling of personnel happens in all city stations but sometimes it takes a toll on the staff. A woman officer had to cut short her medical leave as there were not enough hands. \"Colleagues and superiors are helpful and adjust schedules when my child is unwell. But in this case they couldn't do much as there were no people,\" she says.Shortage of forces affects routine patrolling duty too. \"It is mostly done by one person instead of a team of two. But we get help from the Home Guard and Friends of Police units,\" says another senior officer.Despite the hardships, many find the work rewarding. One day, a woman landed at the station with two young children. The moment a woman constable smelt kerosene on her, she took her aside and helped her have a bath. \"She had doused herself in kerosene as she was upset over something her neighbour said. Finally, she apologised for putting her children also in danger after my seniors spoke to her. That made my day,\" says the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16791185", "title": "Commissioner asks DC to lodge FIR against molester", "text": "BOKARO: Commissioner of Hazaribagh Nitin Madan Kulkarni on Friday took cognizance of the incident in which minor tribal girls were molested by a drunk guard Vijay Kumar at a government residential school of the district and has directed DC Sunil Kumar to lodge an FIR in this connection. The move has been made following a TOI report on the same on October 12, 2012.Kulkarni said, \"I have asked the DC to lodge an FIR against the guard who has been charged of committing the crime. Besides, the action should also be taken against supervisory level officials who despite knowing the incident have not taken any action.\"Following the directive, Kumar held a meeting with district superintendent of education (DSE), Bokaro Purendra Vikram Sahi and ordered him to lodge a police complaint regarding this. He also expressed concern over the functioning of the district education department since it did not lodge an FIR after so many days of the incident.An inquiry had been set up by the district education department to probe allegations of the molestation. The DSE had, however, failed to lodge an FIR against the guard even after the inquiry report substantiated that the charges had been submitted.Instead the school management had suspended the guard following which he had fled from the place.Kumar said he had ordered the DSE to lodge an FIR. However, he admitted that the DSE has not sent the inquiry report to him after it was completed in September. Besides, the inquiry report seemed controversial as many things remained vague.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790336", "title": "Woman set ablaze by hubby dies", "text": "NAGPUR: A 21-year-old mother of two, including a two-month old boy, succumbed to her burn injuries at Mayo Hospital on Tuesday. Meena Khandare was admitted at hospital with around 65% burns after husband Anup allegedly set her on fire on September 24 following a domestic feud at their rented residence at Ramabai chowk.Meena had married Anup in 2009. Anup, who drove autorickshaw, is addicted to liquor. Police also described Anup as a lecher who had illicit relationships. Earlier this year, Anup had sneaked away from home with his three-year-old son. Wadi police had launched a search for him when Anup landed at home. Anup owned a couple of autorickshaws but had sold them to fund his addiction. Often there was nothing at home to eat and this led to quarrel between Anup and Meena.It is learnt that Meena has nailed Anup in her dying declaration at the hospital where she mentioned that Anup first assaulted her during a domestic quarrel and later set her on fire after drenching with kerosene from the stove. Meena was rushed to Mayo hospital where she was declared dead after fighting for life for a fortnight.Wadi police have registered an offence of murder slapping the charge against the husband who is now at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16790276", "title": "NRG doctor's 'expertise charity' to fight cancer", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Jatin Shah, chief of head and neck oncology at US-based Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center , is currently on a month long break along with seven other global experts for treating head and neck cancers. They will remain away from home and their travels will take them to eight countries, where they will give specialized training to surgeons and doctors so that they can treat patients suffering from cancer with more expertise and knowledge. Dr Shah along with senior medical oncologist Jan B Vermorken from Antwerp and Italy-based head and neck surgeon Piero Nicolia, who has many new treatments including treatment of cancer of the larynx through laser under his belt, along with other surgeons, is participating in the international conference on head and neck surgery organized in the city from Friday. The conference is being organized by International Federation of Head and Neck Oncologic Societies (IFHNOS) and HCH Hospital, Ahmedabad.\"From October 1 to November 1, we will become nomads leaving our homes and families behind and take up this mission to educate\", says Dr Shah, a Gujarati whose native is in Mehsana. He has never gone back to his village after he graduated in medicine from MSU, Vadodara and boarded the plane to go to US in 1967.He acquired a specialization in head and neck surgery and trained some of the best surgeons who tackle head and neck cancers in India. In fact, Dr Shah is considered the 'Amitabh Bachchan' of head and neck cancer surgery.In 2008, Dr Shah says that he realized that he had acquired fame, money and his children had grown up. It was time to do something which would give him the satisfaction of helping a cause and give back to the society.\"I had the knowledge and was in close touch with cancer surgeons and doctors, radiologists who were experts in their respective fields. I decided to bring these likeminded people together who will donate one month of their life to training surgeons and doctors who would in turn, make the life better for patients suffering from head and neck cancer surgery all over the globe\", says Dr Shah.A team of four surgeons, one medical oncologist and one radiologist was formed. In 2008, the doctors trained doctors in 11 countries followed by visiting 10 countries in 2009.Currently, they have visited Russia, Amsterdam , Egypt and after an intense three day training session in Ahmedabad, they will leave for China. \"They will cover eight countries and aim to train 3500-5,000 surgeons and doctors\", says Dr Rajendra Toprani, organizing chairman of the conference.Dr Shah and his team members on the global tour shared their experiences. \"We saw that people in the West get more tongue cancers due to consumption of alcohol and smoking tobacco while Asians suffered more cheek cancers due to tobacco chewing. In India, oral cancers due to tobacco chewing constitutes 35 per cent of the total cancer burden\", said Dr Shah.Dr Vermorken said that they have also seen lot of head and neck cancers which are caused by Human Pappiloma Virus. \"It is not just tobacco which is causing head and neck cancers. HPV is emerging as the next threat\", said Dr Piero.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790259", "title": "Builders, traders modus operandi ruins transfer of development right concept", "text": "NAGPUR: The transfer of development right (TDR) scam has exposed the systemic problems in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), forcing municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane to order a review of some sample cases, besides the enquiry into the Wathoda TDR case.It is now clear that though TDR was to benefit NMC, it was exploited by builders and traders. TOI has investigated all 33 TDR cases approved by NMC and NIT, and exposed the modus operandi in the deals.Confirming the modus operandi, corporator Parinay Fuke told TOI that TDR was an ideal system introduced by the state but ruined by builders and traders due to the inequities zone system. \"TDR can be utilized only in a similar zone. So, TDR from areas in zone-B can be utilized in zone-B itself and also in zone-C, while TDR from zone-C can only used in the same zone. Prime areas like Ramdaspeth, Dhantoli, Shivajinagar, Laxmi Nagar etc falls in zone-B along with outer areas like Borgaon, Wathoda, Dhaba, Babulkheda etc. Similarly, prime areas like Pandey Layout, Pratap Nagar, Trimurti Nagar, Somalwada, Khamla falls in zone-C along with outer areas like Chinchbhuvan, Gorewada etc. There is a huge difference between the land prices in prime areas and outer areas in zone-B and C. Builders and traders are directly linked with the TDR cases as most of the plots on the outskirts are in their names,\" he said.Fuke added that the modus operandi adopted by builders can be bared if one verifies the sale deed of land acquired by issuing TDR. \"Builders and traders purchased or took power of attorney regarding the land reserved for public purposes. They then applied for TDR within a few months. The TDR issued in remote areas was then utilized in prime areas. Why would a person go and purchase reserved land, which cannot be developed by the owner. NMC should obtain all sale deeds of land acquired under TDR to verify this,\" he said.According to data with NIT, Concrete Developers run by Sanjay Paidlewar and Nitish Chordia purchased 72,092 sq ft (6,700 sq m) land reserved for extension of water treatment plants at Gorewada on February 15, 2007, and applied for TDR within few months. NIT approved the TDR case and took possession of the land on October 22, 2008. Similarly, Chordia took power of attorney of land from Jalan family at Chinchbhuvan reserved for DP road and obtained TDR.Divya Builders, through partner Satyan Dadhe, too purchased land reserved for Town Hall at Chinchbhuvan and then obtained TDR. It also adopted the same modus operandi at Babulkheda. Some other builders also exploited TDR in the same way.One of the beneficiary builders told TOI there was no violation of rules in obtaining the TDR. \"We obtained TDR as the land was in our possession. We constructed a compound wall and completed all the lengthy process legally. Our applications were pending for a long time and there was no violation of bylaws,\" he said.Wardhane told TOI that there is a need to verify a few more TDR cases. \"TOI brought some cases to our knowledge. I will verify sample cases,\" he said.A senior NMC official said the civic body is planning to stop issuing TDR to power of attorney holders. \"NMC may implement this in the coming days, so only land owners get the TDR,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16789908", "title": "BSY to test waters for new party", "text": "BANGALORE: Former CM BS Yeddyurappa is set to launch an exercise to assess the political situation and his support base in the state from Saturday.During the week-long exercise planned at his Dollar's Colony residence, he is meeting political leaders and influential persons from the districts to elicit their opinion about his planned new political party and its prospects. To begin with, on Saturday, he is slated to meet his supporters and leaders from Bidar, Gulbarga, Yadgir, Koppal and Raichur districts.Yeddyurappa's camp members said the exercise would help assess the situation on the ground. They expect the support of disgruntled local leaders of the BJP and opposition parties, especially from North Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16790242", "title": "Depressed girl ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: Depressed over her poor academic performance, a B Com student allegedly committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling of her residence in Dobbespet, 50km from here, on Friday morning.Soujanya Channabasappa, 20, a student of Vidyalaya Law College, Tumkur, was a resident of Teacher's Colony, Dobbespet.The incident came to light when her elder brother Chethan Kumar broke open the locked door of her bedroom around 7am. Police did not find a suicide note.Preliminary investigations revealed that Soujanya suffered from depression. \"She was treated by doctors at Nimhans sometime ago. She would fight for no reason and suffered mood swings,\" Chethan, a private company employee, told police. She was upset over her poor academic performance and inability to concentrate on her studies.Soujanya is survived by her mother and brother. Her father Channabasappa died of prolonged illness a few years ago and mother C Jagadamba is a teacher with the government primary school in Lakkenahalli, near Solur, Nelamangala taluk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16790852", "title": "BMC set to move on it own for 24x7 water supply", "text": "BHOPAL: If all goes well, residents of Bhopal will receive 24x7 water supply by mid-2014, officials of Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) said.After chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan announced that there will be no drinking water project in the state under the Public Private Partnership (PPP) model in July this year, the BMC has sent a proposal to the state government, demanding financial help for implementation of the project on its own.\"It is mandatory for the BMC to provide residents 24x7 water supply. We have sent a proposal to the state seeking permission to continue with this project. We have also asked the government to arrange for the finances,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI.Initially, the BMC had proposed to bring 24x7 water supply under the PPP model, which was to be implemented in a year. Around 2,300 km pipeline will have to be laid throughout the city under this project, officials said.\"The 24-hour water project will be implemented only after the Narmada water comes to Bhopal,\" BMC officials said.\"Besides water from river Narmada ,the 24x7 water supply will include water from all available sources of the city, including Kolar dam and Upper lake,\" Subodh Jain, engineer, BMC told TOI.\"The new colonies on Hoshangabad road and Raisen road and some parts of new Bhopal will be supplied with Narmada water, New Bhopal will be supplied with Kolar water and Old Bhopal will be supplied with water form Upper Lake,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16783596", "title": "TV stars rake in big bucks during Navratri", "text": "Small screen stars are going to be one happy lot this Navratri. Thanks to their huge fan following and connect with the audience in Gujarat, they are much sought after this festive season. Disha Vakhani, Rohit Roy, Gurmeet Choudhary, Rashami Desai, Dilip Joshi, Pratyusha Banerjee, Ashish Sharma, Hina Khan, Manish Raisinghani, Ashish Sharma, Kashmera Shah, Krushna Abhishek, Aamir Ali, Sanjeeda Shaikh, Manav Gohil and Tanvi Vyas are expected to add glamour to Navratri celebrations this year.TV celebs visiting the state charge anywhere between 3 lakh and 5 lakh for an appearance at Navratri (including hospitality cost and travel). Top TV stars like Ram Kapoor, Ronit Roy or Sakshi Tanwar can expect 7 lakh and 10 lakh if they attend a Navratri event.The drill of a star appearance at a garba venue is simple \u2014 once the star shows up at the venue, he/she has to pose for pictures, wave at the crowds, and interact briefly with fans on stage. Most star visits last up to half hour. Besides taking home fat pay cheques these appearances help create more hype for the show the TV stars are starring in, which in turn might even bring them more loyal viewership in the future.Gollywood stars also making money Gollywood stars like Hitu Kanodia, Mona Thiba, Pranjal Bhatt, Kiran Acharya and Hiten Kumar are in demand to make appearances at places like Jamnagar, Bhavnagar, Vadodara, Surat, Anand and Nadiad. They get paid between 1 lakh and 3 lakh, for showing up at the venue and posing for pictures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16789919", "title": "BBMP clerical error changes property ownership", "text": "BANGALORE: This law professor based in Ireland got the shock of his life last week when he was unable to pay the property tax for his house in the city. Reason? The BBMP records said that the property was in someone else's name. The matter was eventually sorted out but it raised two important issues: one, how a careless clerical error can change property ownership; and two, how through Sakala, the government services scheme, this case was resolved in four days even though this particular service doesn't directly come under its purview.The anomaly in records came to light when Sandeep Gopalan, head of the Department of Law, National University of Ireland Maynooth, who owns a property near Kasturba Road in Bangalore was informed by his mother that she was unable to pay the property tax for his house last week. Sandeep has been paying tax to the same property for many years, and was shocked to further learn that the BBMP documents suddenly showed up some other person as owner for that property. A worried Sandeep sent a mail four days ago to BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel and also to Shalini Rajneesh, secretary to government in administrative reforms and head of Sakala.Referring to possible fraudulent activity involving his flat in Golden Orchid Apartments on Kasturba Road, Sandeep wrote, \"My mother went to your offices in the Utility Building to pay the property tax for this year, when she was told, much to her astonishment, that the property was transferred to another person's name. The name given was Dr Kishnaswamy Prasad. We have no idea who this person is or why the records show his name against my property.\"The case was immediately moved by Shalini to the Sakala call centre Transact, run by Darshan Chinnappa, who investigated the case. \"The mistake had occurred during data entry of the PID number (or khata number) by an operator. When we checked with the original khata records, Sandeep's name was there. We directed BBMP officials to make necessary changes in the khata extracts that was showing Krishna Prasad's name for the property belonging to Sandeep. However, BBMP took two more days to have the changes made in their system. It was an error made in uploading the PID number, that caused ownership change in records,\" explained Darshan. This is one of the non-Sakala complaints that we attended to in order to prevent any possible fraud or corruption in property tax, he added.Sandeep had also mentioned in his mail to the BBMP commissioner that his family had to face officials demanding bribe at the property tax centre in previous years.A Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University , Sandeep is an alumnus of NLS, Bangalore. After the issue was resolved in four days, Sandeeep wrote to Sakala team saying, \"I appreciate your swift resolution of this situation as it caused some stress to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16789219", "title": "Sesa Goa attacks Goa state pollution control board's jurisdiction", "text": "PANAJI: Sesa Goa on Friday alleged that the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) does not have jurisdiction to conduct hearings on environmental clearances (ECs) and excess production of iron ore, as these are issued by the ministry of environment and forests. A representative of Sesa Goa argued at the hearing conducted by GSPCB on Friday pursuant to an order of the Bombay high court at Panaji , after Goa Foundation filed a petition alleging excess mining.The GSPCB's hearing was for 12 leases of Sesa Goa, including leases purchased from the Dempo group. An official said that Sesa Goa questioned the board on what basis they are holding the hearing. Board officials said that Goa Foundation will file their reply by Thursday on these objections raised by Sesa Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789687", "title": "University of Mumbai to set up panel to probe minister\u2019s college", "text": "MUMBAI: The University of Mumbai will form a local inquiry committee (LIC) to probe the alleged irregularities in the Vashi institute run by a trust controlled by higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope's family.The LIC will visit the college, which runs out of a residential-cum-commercial building in violation of University Grants Commission norms, and submit its probe report to the university.On Friday, TOI reported that the MSS (Matsyodari Shikshan Sanstha) College of Commerce got permission from the state government in July 2007 and affiliation from the university in 2008 even though it did not have land or a building plan.Members of the Maharashtra Navnirman Vidyarthi Sena (MNVS) have sought action against the college. \"If the university does not probe the matter, we will stage a protest. We have asked for the college's closure,\" said Santosh Gangurde of the MNVS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16792327", "title": "\u2018Declare Vilappilsala a garbage treatment zone\u2019", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The corporation does not seem to have given up completely on Vilappilsala garbage factory idea. Mayor K Chandrika is learnt to have shot off a letter to chief minister Oommen Chandy demanding that the government issue an order that would allow the civic body to acquire more land around the garbage treatment plant.In the letter, the mayor says that the government should declare the area around Vilappilsala as a garbage treatment zone and human inhabitation should not be allowed around the factory. Currently, the factory is situated on a 53-acre plot of land. Now, the corporation wants to extend it to 100 acres.Sources said the civic body has already prepared a list of inhabitants around the factory.As per the letter, it wants the government to evacuate the people by offering them a handsome rehabilitation package.Confirming the contents of the letter, Chandrika told TOI that the same procedure was followed at Brahmapuram waste treatment plant to douse public protest.Anticipating local protest, the local self government department had issued an order following which the government acquired 100 acres around Brahmapuram garbage treatment plant and imposed freeze on the acreage, she said.\"This was done during the ministerial tenure of Paloli Muhammad Kutty. Once the locals were given a good rehabilitation package, there was no space for complaint and the plant is functioning smoothly,\" said Chandrika.\"This is the only way Vilappilsala plant can be made functional again. When the plant started its operations, there were hardly any people around the factory. With such an order, the factory and the area surrounding it can be declared a garbage treatment zone like the areas devoted for military purposes,\" she added.The demands raised in the letter are most likely to re-ignite the row between the corporation and Vilappil panchayat.The panchayat had been demanding that the corporation should hand over the land where the factory operates to the state government.According to sources, the letter will also be highlighted on October 19, when the hearing on the petition filed by the corporation against the government and Vilappil panchayat will be held in the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16790988", "title": "Media pressure forced CM to seek Singh's resignation", "text": "LUCKNOW: On the face of it, the Samajwadi Party government has remained quiet on the alleged kidnapping of Gonda chief medical officer (CMO) by reveune minister Vinod Singh. But the incident has created a flutter within the party.The incident took place on Monday midnight and was reportedly in the knowledge of two senior bureaucrats and the health minister who are believed to have communicated the same to the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and party president Mulayam Singh .With no trace of the incident in the media till Wednesday evening, Akhilesh and Mulayam left for Mumbai to attend actor Amitabh Bachchan's 70{+t}{+h} birthday party. But once the incident hit the headlines later in the day, the CM took a serious note of it and directed for a meeting with the CMO to hear the entire incident.Thereafter health minister Ahmed Hasan briefed the CM and Mulayam on the developments in the case. It was here that Akhilesh's decision to take stringent action against the accused minister was cut short on the intervention of Mulayam. The SP chief had been reportedly told that the issue was a result of some discord between the accused minister and Gonda district magistrate.Mulayam was also told that the media had exaggerated the issue at the behest of an SP coterie opposed to Vinod Singh. Sources said Mulayam was informed that Vinod Singh did not threaten or kidnap the CMO as stated in the media. The SP chief was also told that any punitive action against the minister may lead to electoral setbacks to the party in the Lok Sabha elections. Singh is said to be an influential leader in east UP.DM Gonda Abhay too had proceeded on protest after the CMO kidnapping. According to reports, he was irked over the failure of the top brass to initiate action against the accused minister. This added to the claims of the controversy being a result of a dispute between the minister and the DM, prompting the government to adopt a wait-and-watch stand. As a result, no formal inquiry was ordered into the incident till Thursday.However, with the media pressure rising, the CM on Friday sought Singh's resignation. A reluctant Vinod Singh was eventually forced to quit the ministry.The government, sources said, was now contemplating further action into the incident once the CMO submits a written complaint. Sources added that the CM had sought a detailed report which was expected to be furnished by Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789149", "title": "Land, not money: City and Industrial Development Corporation\u2019s rehab plan", "text": "MUMBAI: Keen to put the Navi Mumbai International Airport (NMIA) project on the right track, the Maharashtra government is set to adopt a new model of land acquisition.The City and Industrial Development Corporation (Cidco), which is the nodal agency for the airport's development, approached chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday for permission to hand over developed land instead of monetary compensation for the project-affected people (PAP).Of the 2,072 hectares of land required for the development of the airport and allied activities, nearly 1,576 hectares are already in Cidco's possession. Of the yet to be acquired land, about 475 hectares are private lands occupied by people from ten villages.While the agency has served the villagers notices under the Land Acquisition Act, 1894, and has been negotiating with them, the villagers have opposed the monetary compensation offered by the government.With the villagers demanded Rs 20 crore per acre as compensation, Cidco has proposed handing over 22.5% of developed land to the PAPs instead of cash compensation to resolve the stalemate.Claiming that the move has struck a chord with the PAPs, the agency on Friday asked Chavan to permit the award of land as compensation. The move is a deviation from the traditional policy of monetary compensation and would have to be made applicable for all future projects notified by Cidco.Chavan has asked Cidco to make a presentation in this regard before the cabinet sub-committee on infrastructure on October 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794491", "title": "Allari Naresh\u2019s Sudigadu completes 50 days", "text": "Allari Naresh's super hit comedy film Sudigadu has completed 50 days run at the box office. The film, which has spoofed more than 100 popular Telugu films in the last decade, was released on August 24 and kept the cash registers ringing. Sudigadu went on to become the biggest hit in Allari Naresh's career and the film was able to rake in the moolah in all centres including overseas.Speaking on this occasion, director Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao said, \"In a scenario where it's becoming increasingly difficult for films to sustain the box office pressure, we're happy to see Sudigadu doing well and completing 50 days run. I thank everyone for making the film a huge success.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790870", "title": "No demolition before rehabilitation: Dhariwal", "text": "JAIPUR: Attacked over the anti-encroachment drive following the high court directive by its own MLAs, the state government on Friday assured that the residential colonies in the Amanishah Nulla would not be demolished without the affected being rehabilitated.State UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal, addressing the house after Congress legislator Pratap Singh Khachariawas raised the issue during the Zero Hour, said the state government plans to develop a special rehabilitation plan before it launches an anti-encroachment drive for the residential colonies at Amanishah Nullah. As this requires time, we will file a review petition in the high court seeking more time. Rehabilitation of three lakh people is not an easy task and cannot be done overnight,'' said Dhariwal.Clarifying the state government's stand, Dhariwal said the officials of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) and the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) had demolished non-residential and commercial structures from the catchment area of the nullah but no action has been taken against the residential colonies. We have received complaints and objections and a special committee of experts would be formed to look into them. Following the contradictions over the center line of the nullah, it too would be review and finalised,'' said Dhariwal.The UDH minister gave the clarification after Khachariawas, supported by senior party legislator Surendra Singh Jadawat, claimed that the high court's directive on Amanishah Nullah was impractical and that it would lead to 3 lakh residents becoming homeless. Not all directives are practical and cannot be followed. It looks as if the Courts are running the government. I will resign as a legislator if the state government does not rehabilitate who are affected,'' he said.Prior to this, Col Sonaram Choudhary demanded a part of the revenue generated through royalty on oil fields in Barmer be allotted for local area development. State revenue minister Rajendra Pareek informed the house that over the past 5 years nearly Rs 8000 crore had been generated. He also said that the report recommending that a part of the revenue be used for local area development is under consideration.Sonaram insisted that chief minister Ashok Gehlot make an announcement regarding this and assure the house that funds would be provided for the five lift canal projects in the district. Barmer faces a severe water crisis and the work on five lift canal projects, including the one launched recently by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi is pending. The state government should provide Rs 1000 crore from the revenue it has collected from the oil fields in Barmer to ensure that the water crisis is resolved,'' said Sonaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791625", "title": "Inter-school RBI quiz organised in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Reserve Bank of India , on Friday, organised the Allahabad round of All-India Inter-School RBI-Quiz, at Vigyan Parishad, Prayag. The quiz is being conducted with a view to create awareness and interest about the history and the role of RBI, financial institutions, economics, current affairs, etc. The quiz was conducted by popular quizmaster Ryan Shaw. A total of 70 schools from the city took part in the event.Bazil Shaikh, CGM, RBI central office inaugurated the event along with KR Das, Regional Director, RBI, and UP &amp; Uttarakhanad. In the quarter final, Boys' High School &amp; College was declared the winner, while the team from Air Force school, Bamrauli was runner up. The winning team will play the zonal final, where they will compete with winning teams from seven cities in North India. Two teams from each zone will compete in grand finale which would be held in Mumbai in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "16791286", "title": "Jamshedpur businessmen mull revival of donation forum", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The defunct Collective Donation Forum (CDF), a platform formed by small industrialists and businessmen in the adjoining Adityapur and Jamshedpur towns to check forced donations during Durga Puja, is likely to be revived this year in the wake of similar threats ahead of the festive season.To avert getting bullied by the unscrupulous volunteers of a few puja committees, the owners of the small industrial units and other businessmen have given a thought to revive the forum.\"If reports of forced donation from individuals (or companies) see an increase, we have to take a call on reviving the CDF,\" said industrialist and founding member of the forum Santosh Khetan.The CDF was formed by over 200 industrialists in the early years of the last decade when incidents of forced donations saw a sharp rise. The CDF collected donations from the member units and distributed it to over two dozen puja committees in the surroundings of Adityapur and Jamshedpur.\"The CDF disbursed somewhere between Rs 70000 to Rs 1 lakh among the puja committees,\" said a former active member of the forum. This way the business community prevented the volunteers from entering the company premises and creating a ruckus.\"But subsequently, when volunteers amended their conduct and agreed to keep whatever sum of amount an individual company paid to them, the forum ceased to function,\" said Khetan.There are about a dozen puja committees in the two adjoining towns that are patronized by influential politicians and musclemen. The volunteers of these puja committees are largely accused of demanding hefty amount from the business community.\"Definitely, we will seek police help to get them arrested if it (the nuisance) comes to the flash,\" said an industrialist. In the past few days, about six instances of forced donations have come to the light in the two adjoining towns. However, none have been reported to police.\"Approach us or call the police if there's any misconduct by puja committee volunteers while seeking donations,\" said Kendriya Durga Puja Samity functionary Ram Babu Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789217", "title": "De-control sugar sector, says panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Food minister K V Thomas on Friday said his ministry will take a time-bound decision on the Rangarajan panel's recommendation for decontrolling the sugar sector.A panel, chaired by Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council chairman C Rangarajan, released a report on Friday recommending that major government controls on the sugar sector be done away with.\"The report has been submitted to the prime minister. We will take a time-bound decision once it is examined by the PMO and comes to us,\" Thomas told the media.Pushing for reforms, the Rangarajan panel, which includes seven other experts, recommended that the government let mills sell their produce in the open market and stop purchase of sugar from industry at below market prices for ration shop supplies. At present, mills are obligated to supply 10% of their production at cheap rates to the government.The committee, set up by the PM in January, advocated that mills share 70% of their revenue with sugarcane farmers but recommended against any ban on export-import.Releasing the report, Rangarajan said, \"There is a whole gamut of regulations related to the sugar sector... sugar is like any other commodity, there is no need to have controls. Levy sugar obligation and administrative control on non-levy sugar need to be dispensed with immediately.\"Over a longer period of reform, the panel has advised doing away with cane area reservation and minimum distance criteria. It also pushed for removal of controls on by-products such as molasses.Previous attempts to decontrol the sector fell through, the last one being in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16793605", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal, supporters released from detention", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arvind Kejriwal and his supporters, who were detained during a a protest demanding resignation of law minister Salman Khurshid , were on Saturday released from the makeshift jail in outer Delhi.Kejriwal said they will continue their protest at Parliament Street till Khurshid is removed from the Cabinet and arrested along with his wife for alleged irregularities in the functioning of a trust run by the minister and his wife Louis.Both Khurshid and wife have denied the charges.Police announced the release of Kejriwal and others, including disabled people, who were detained at the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium in Bawana since Friday evening after they were picked up from Janpath during their protest.\"We have released them from detention,\" Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat said.Besides Kejriwal, the others who were detained included Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai.Kejriwal sought to up the ante by calling for throwing the UPA government out of power.He tweeted, \"Rise and throw this corrupt empire. Bhagat Singh gave up his life for the country. Subhash Chandra Bose gave up his life and career. What would u do?\"My appeal to the youth - come and join. You are not doing favour to anyone. Fight for ur own future. Parliament Street police station (will be the) beginning of downfall of corrupt empire. Parliament Street police station will be the next Tahrir Square,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16790210", "title": "Get forest department information on portal", "text": "BANGALORE: To achieve more transparency in forest administration, the forest department on Friday launched its e-green watch portal and Bhuvan Karnataka. While the e-green portal puts details under the forest conservation Act and proposals cleared under it in public domain, Bhuvan Karnataka will monitor assets and works executed in the department.The system allows the user to upload relevant details such as photos, geo-location and estimates in a simple and user-friendly manner. Officials said this portal will help them monitor critical areas like mining leases, diverted lands and fire-affected areas.A mammoth $5 billion has got accumulated in the corpus fund called Compensatory Afforestation Fund Management and Planning Authority (CAMPA). This corpus comprises money collected for compulsory afforestation as mandated by Forest Conservation Act. CAMPA is the net total collected by enforcing compulsory levies on mining, power and other developmental projects, which gobble up natural forests and intrude into wildlife habitats.Ministry of environment and forests, for the moment, is the custodian of this huge corpus. \"We have decided to release the interest amount of Rs 1,000 crore to each of the states per year, primarily to develop infrastructure. The money is aimed at restoring the eco-system of the forests across the country,\" said P J Dilip Kumar , DG, Forests and Special Secretary, Union environment and forest ministry.\"The CAMPA money can ideally be used to build the capacity of the frontline forest staff, equipping them with equipment is sure to bring in changes,\" said A K Wahal, Director General, Forest Survey of India, Dehradun.State forest department officials said they have got a sanction of Rs 20 crore from the government this financial year and they are looking at procuring vehicles and constructing quarters for the benefit of their frontline staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789236", "title": "Newborn\u2019s body dumped on railway tracks", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after they found a newborn dumped on the railway tracks at Bhayander, the GRP has registered a case against an unknown person.The case has been registered under Section 317 of the IPC for exposure and abandonment of a child under 12 years by a parent or person taking care of it.\"We had received an anonymous phone call on Thursday about a baby being found on the tracks at Bhayander station. The child had been born less than 48 hours ago. After doctors declared her dead, the body was sent for an autopsy,\" said senior inspector Praful Kshisagar of Vasai GRP. Sources said the newborn had marks on the neck, indicating the possibility of being strangulated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16789934", "title": "6 months on, Sakala going strong", "text": "BANGALORE: It's 8 am on Friday morning. Vikas Tavaregeri, 23, has several problems on hand: garbage not lifted, citizens who have not got their khata, widows who have not received their pension. Similar complaints are pouring in for seven other youngsters sitting in an office near Yeswanthpur flyover.Meet the young brigade that is trying to find quick solutions to plaints by anxious citizens, even as they keep piling through the day. This team mans a call centre for the Sakala helpline. The youngsters work from 8 am to 8 pm receiving calls from across the state. In the last ten days, the helpline has got 363 complaint calls on garbage, and all have been resolved by BBMP.This team carries Sakala messages to the general public every day.\"About 29 percent of the calls pertain to problems in procuring khata certificate, about 20 percent each pertains to land survey related problems and water supply while 5 percent of callers seek information on RTC (record of rights, tenancy and crop). There were even calls made to the helpline about lack of computers in Nemmadi Kendras or delay in the payment of MNREGA wages. These are all non-Sakala complaints, which we bring to notice of the officials concerned,\" said Darshan Chinnappa, director of Transact Global, a call centre for Sakala.There are instances where callers weep on the phone and ask for solutions to problems that don't come under Sakala, says Vikas. \"An elderly woman from Bangalore rural district had called me complaining about the problems she faces in getting widow pension. For them, calling up the Sakala helpline is a way to reach the government. Though pension is not one of the services covered under Sakala, we brought the issue to the notice of the pension authorities,\" said Vikas.Since its inception in April this year, the Sakala helpline has received over a lakh queries. Of the 1,11,941 complaints, it has registered 119 appeals. Appeals are registered in case of delay in the delivery of services and compensation is sought.Majority of the calls made to the call centre are from Bangalore, though in terms of applications, the government is getting more responses from North Karnataka region.Dial for helpThe Sakala helpline number is 080-4455 4455. You can ring up this number to find out the procedural queries or delay in the delivery of services of the government under Sakala scheme. Under Karnataka guarantee of services to citizens, the scheme was introduced by the government to deliver government services within a stipulated timeframe. Whenever the request for the service is made under Sakala, the applicant first receives an acknowledgement slip with a unique number. This ensures that the request for service will be processed within specified days. Sakala currently takes care of 151 services of 11 departments. In a month's time, 118 new services will come under its ambit. The most sought after services pertain to voter ID cards and garbage clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16790198", "title": "Capital Hospital to soon get PG institute", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Capital Hospital will soon have a post-graduate institute for medical sciences inside its premises. The institute will offer master degrees in medicine and surgery and diploma in national board courses, a government official said.The government has already started the infrastructure development process. It is also working on other requirements, including faculty, the aforesaid official said.The public works department has received the health department's approval to demolish a dilapidated building and construct a new one. Health Secretary PK Mahapatra said the department can go ahead with the construction.Earlier, Chief Secretary BK Patnaik had chaired a meeting on the proposal to start PG courses in the hospital in July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16792012", "title": "Learning curve on the rise for elders", "text": "CHENNAI: Usha Balaji keeps her weekends apart for friends and family. But this Saturday, the 53-year-old intends to spend time understanding the secrets of the brain. \"The two-day programme is on psychoneuroimmunology, a new branch of neuroscience,\" she says, excitedly.Balaji is a regular at Hayagriva Study Circle, where people aged 35 to 75 get together to study their favourite subjects with the help of experts. The circle, which was launched in 2002 by Dr Geeta Vasudevan, will conduct its 50th course this weekend. \"I look for faculty who are experts and can talk to a mixed audience,\" says Vasudevan. For instance, neurologist and neurosurgeon Dr Prithika Chari will help participants understand how the brain works and give tips on improving the brain-body-immune-system link to enable healing through interactive exercises.Participants, including working professionals and the elderly, are there to know more. \"Abroad they have 'learning in retirement' programmes and people can sign up for courses at any age. But here, there is no such option,\" says Vasudevan. She went back to university to do a masters more than a decade after she graduated.\"I enjoyed it so much that I did an M Phil and PhD,\" she says. \"The second time round, I was studying because I wanted to and not for the sake of getting a degree or a job.\" The experience inspired her to launch a study circle. \"I thought there may be others who are also interested in serious learning. So I began offering short-term courses.\" The first course she offered was on archaeology.\"It is a subject that intrigues everyone, but few understand it,\" says Vasudevan, who roped in professor K V Raman for it. In the last 10 years, Hayagriva has offered courses on archaeology, history, gardening, art appreciation, temple architecture, astronomy, Sufi poetry, music and medicine. \"Initially, only eight people attended but now Hayagrivas has become known as a forum where academically-oriented courses are offered. Now we have 15-20 students per class,\" says Vasudevan.Profile of participants has also changed with more working professionals signing up. \"Our astronomy class had three doctors. We also get IT professionals, chartered accountants and civil servants,\" she says. The 12-hour courses that cost 2,000 are conducted through the week. For faculty members, it is interesting to engage with a varied audience.Retirees use it to keep themselves intellectually active. \"My husband and I are interested in many subjects and these classes keep the brain stimulated,\" says 67-year-old Jamuna Rajan, who has attended courses on temple architecture, art appreciation and archaeology. \"There is no age limit to learning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789335", "title": "Regional NSG hubs a mistake, says ex-NSA", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former national security advisor and governor of West Bengal M K Narayanan on Friday said formation of four National Security Guard (NSG) hubs in various cities was \"a mistake\" and even questioned the provision of commissioning commercial flights to ferry commandos in times of emergency.Interestingly, these decisions were taken in the aftermath of the 26/11 attacks by then home minister P Chidambaram when Narayanan was NSA.The West Bengal governor was speaking at a lecture organized as part of the 28th NSG Raising Day celebrations. The theme of the lecture was 'Internal Security and Role of Special Forces'.Narayanan spoke extensively on NSG operations during the 26/11 Mumbai attacks and also deliberated on increasing the mandate of the force.Calling NSG the only \"special force\" in the country, Narayanan said it was caught in \"doctrinal confusion\" on its role and specially when and how to be used. He also blamed this confusion \u2014 on part of the force as well as the government \u2014 for the delay in its response to the Mumbai attacks.Speaking on the role and operations of NSG, Narayanan said, \"I have reservations over NSG regional hubs set up (after 26/11 attacks) in Mumbai, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Chennai. Making such regional hubs is a major mistake.\"Narayanan questioned the idea of increasing the strength of the force through greater recruitment. \"A special force does not draw strength from numbers. Its strength lies in the quality of its men. A special force should be leaner but highly trained, with state-of-the-art equipment. Emphasis should be on continuous modernization. Increasing numbers will have an impact on quality.\"Both these decisions were taken post 26/11 attacks by the home ministry under Chidambaram. The idea was to have a quick response to 26/11-like situations through regional hubs as NSG was inordinately delayed during the Mumbai attacks.Narayanan, however, said the delay was due to confusion on part of the government on when and how to use NSG. \"There is a doctrinal confusion on the role of NSG. There is confusion on when and how to use it both on part of the force and the government. That is our biggest failure. In Mumbai, there was a delay as it was first thought to be a gang war. Also, the first response has to come from local forces and only when they are unable to control a situation, NSG should be pressed in.\"Narayanan, however, said NSG should have its own aircraft and not depend on government or commercial aircraft. \"If you get into the trap of commissioning commercial flight in times of emergency, you are going to be delayed,\" he said. Post 26/11, government had decided to give NSG powers to commission commercial flights in times of emergency.Narayanan also said the force was underutilized and needed to be remodeled, given the demands of the modern era and its challenges. He said the government should think whether NSG could be used in Jammu and Kashmir , the North East and Naxal-affected areas. Without citing the recent abduction of Sukma collector by naxalites , Narayanan said the force was meant to be used in hostage situations.\"I think the force can be used, but sparingly, in Naxal-affected areas, specially in hostage situations,\" he said.Narayanan was also critical of the force not concentrating on gathering its own intelligence and keeping itself updated on the nature and operations of various terror groups.\"NSG men walked into Mumbai attacks like blind men. You need to know who you are fighting, who you are behind. You are up against the finest brains on the other side,\" he said, adding that the force must study all terror groups, left-wing extremism and have as much intelligence as the Intelligence Bureau .\"I hope you have gone through the revelations made by (LeT operatives) Zabiuddin Ansari, David Coleman Headley and Tahawwur Hussain Rana. That there are two Karachi projects,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16790631", "title": "Big win for SFI in college elections", "text": "KOCHI: Students Federation of India (SFI) triumphed again in the MG University college elections held in the district on Friday. Maharaja's College and Law College were also won by SFI, while Kerala Students Union (KSU) won at Sacred Heart College, Thevara and Bharata Mata College, Thrikkakara.An elated SFI district secretary L Adrash said: \"We won the elections as students were convinced that we would ensure a better system for them. Retaining seats, despite the negative campaign against us, is a significant achievement. Our victory at Maharaja's College reinstates SFI's glory.\" KSU managed to win only one seat (magazine editor) at Maharaja's College.SFI won the election in most affiliated to the Mahatma Gandhi University. They bagged the unions in 30 colleges of the district where elections were conducted in the presidential manner, while KSU could manage five wins. Of the total 58 university union counsellors, SFI won 49 and the rest went to KSU.KSU district secretary Tittu Antony said, \"Many factors worked against us in this elections and we lost. But we are happy with what we have achieved. Winning the union at Sacred Heart College was a prestige issue for us and we won all seats there.\"Elections were held at 58 colleges and in 35 colleges, the elections were conducted in the presidential manner, the remaining colleges followed the parliamentary procedure. In the presidential system, followed in government colleges, students elect union representatives through polls, while in the parliamentary system, conducted mainly in private colleges, union leaders are elected by class representatives.ochi: The Students Federation of India (SFI) triumphed again in the MG University college elections held in the district on Friday.Maharajas College and Law College were won by SFI, while Sacred Heart College, Thevara and Bharata Mata College, Thrikkakara, was won by the Kerala Students Union (KSU).An elated SFI district secretary L Adrash said, \"We won the elections as the students were convinced that we would ensure a better system for them. Retaining seats, despite the negative campaign against us, is a significant indication. Our victory in Maharajas College reinstates SFI's glory\".In Maharaja's, only one seat, magazine editor, went to the KSU.SFI won in most of the colleges affiliated to the Mahatma Gandhi University. They bagged unions in 30 colleges in the district where elections were conducted in a presidential manner, while KSU could win in just five. Of the total 58 university union counselors, SFI won 49, and the rest went to KSU.KSU district secretary Tittu Anthony said, \"Many factors worked against us in this elections and we lost. But we are happy with what we have achieved. Winning the union in Sacred Heart College was a prestige issue for us, and we won all seats there\".Elections were held at 58 colleges in the district. While in 35 colleges, the elections were conducted in presidential manner, the remaining colleges followed the parliamentary procedure. In the presidential system, followed in government colleges, students elect union representatives through polls, while in the parliamentary system, conducted mainly in private colleges, union leaders are elected by class representatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "oslo", "code": "16791194", "title": "Nobel peace prize for crisis-hit European Union", "text": "OSLO: The Nobel Peace Prize was on Friday awarded to the European Union, an institution wracked by the euro crisis but credited with bringing more than a half century of peace to a continent ripped apart by World War II.\"The union and its forerunners have for over six decades contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation, democracy and human rights in Europe,\" Nobel Committee president Thorbjoern Jagland said in Oslo.In a first reaction from one of the three main EU institutions, European parliament head German Socialist Martin Schulz said on Twitter he was \"deeply touched, honoured that the EU has won the Nobel Peace Prize. Reconciliation is what the EU is about. It can serve as an inspiration.\"European Commission president Jose Manuel Barroso said it was a \"great honour\" for the entire 27-member bloc.The prize, however, is a shocker at a time when European solidarity is facing its most daunting challenge in decades amid deep rifts between a south drowning in debt and a wealthier north, led by Germany, only reluctantly coming to the rescue.The deep crisis has broadened the gulf already felt between citizens in the different member states. \"The EU is currently undergoing grave economic difficulties and considerable social unrest,\" Jagland acknowledged on Friday. The Norwegian Nobel Committee wishes to focus on what it sees as the EU's most important result: the successful struggle for peace and reconciliation and for democracy and human rights. The stabilizing part played by the EU has helped to transform most of Europe from a continent of war to a continent of peace,\" he said.On the streets of Athens, where demonstrators have burned Nazi flags to protest against German demands for austerity, the award was greeted with disbelief. \"Is this a joke?\" asked Chrisoula Panagiotidi, 36, a beautician. \"It's the last thing I would expect. It mocks us and what we are going through right now.\"In Madrid, Francisco Gonzalez expressed bafflement. \"I don't see the logic in the EU getting this prize right now. They can't even agree among themselves,\" a businessman said. Many Norwegians are bitterly opposed to the EU, seeing it as a threat to the sovereignty of nation states. \"I find this absurd,\" leader of Norway's anti-EU membership organization Heming Olaussen said. agenciesTimes ViewDoes EU deserve the Nobel Peace Prize?The Nobel Peace Prize has often been controversial and this year's award promises to be no exception to the rule. Even if we grant that giving the prize to a multilateral body like the European Union for work done over decades is not too much of a stretch of the original idea behind the prize, questions are bound to be raised about the timing of this award. Was it really necessary to give the prize to the EU in a year in which the Eurozone crisis has dominated headlines? For the EU it is clearly a welcome break from all the negative publicity it has been engulfed in, but that's no reason for the rest of the world to celebrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16791200", "title": "Dhar cops get their act together to bust cartridge smuggling", "text": "INDORE: A day after the arrest of a youth in Rajasthan with 250 live cartridges he was to hand over to a person in Dhar district, the police on Friday swung into action to arrest another accused, who was waiting for the cache here.Dhar SP Sushant Kumar Saxena said local GRP police arrested the man, who was carrying 250 live cartridges from Gangapur city railway station. He was boarding the Amritsar-Mumbai train.Later, the police intimated us and we are close to nab another accused. However, he refused to give the name of the accused saying it could hamper further process and the arrest of another accused.The arrested youth was carrying 250 live cartridges in a belt tied around his chest and arrested from Gangapur railway station in Sawai Madhopur district on Wednesday afternoon.Police also believe the arrested youth, Rajesh alias Mangilal, resident of Gandwani village in Dhar district, was coming to hand over the cartridges to Maoists active in the state. The SP said he could give other details only after the arrest of the person who was waiting here for the cartridges.After the arrest at Gangapur railway station, the youth during interrogation reportedly told the police that he received cartridges from one person in Gangapur and was supposed to hand over the cartridges to another person in Dhar district. The local police immediately contacted the Dhar police.The SP said it would early to say whether he was in touch with Maoist or not. But, police are close to arrest the accused here who can spill the beans about their group, said the SP.Police will also go to Rajasthan and interrogate the accused, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16790296", "title": "Politicians should respect integrity of public office", "text": "Anybody using guns to intimidate someone trying to do his duty is unacceptable. But when the person doing the intimidating is a lawmaker it makes it doubly so. Unfortunately, our elected representatives have got used to the idea that they are our \"rulers\" and hence entitled to various privileges, primary among them being the law not applying to them. It is time they realized that they are in fact intended to be public servants. If lawmakers themselves turn law breakers, what respect can we have for the rule of law, without which no civilized society can function? In such cases, governments must obviously act against the wrongdoers. But equally, the party to which the MP or MLA belongs must also act to show it does not condone such behaviour.Related story : Gujarat MP threatens toll booth staff with rifle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16790277", "title": "He wants sex, or he'll kill me, Hemashri told friend", "text": "BANGALORE: Slain Kannada TV actor Hemashri's traumatic marital life, her fears and disgust with her family have been revealed in conversations between her and an unidentified friend.\"He (Babu) wants to either have sex with me or kill me,\" Hemashri tells her friend. TOI accessed the telephone conversations running up to seven minutes between the 28-year-old actor and her friend.In most of the conversations, Hemashri confides in her friend that her husband was determined to have sex with her, failing which he planned to kill her. She also talks about her husband's sex maniac ways.Hemashri's husband, businessman Surendra Babu, 52, is now in police custody for his suspected role in his wife's murder.\"Strangely, my mother acts like his legal wife. People say he has cast a spell on us with black magic by employing a tantrik from Kollegal forest. This is why my mother and I fight regularly. Worse, he has spoilt my mother. VIPs keep coming to our house. My house has turned into a filthy place now,\" the actor is heard pouring her woes out to the friend.\"Babu is married to four women and has nine children from them. Whether he has divorced them or not, I have no idea. Saying that he has lost 'power', he is now taking medical treatment,\" Hemashri told her friend in another conversation.\"His first wife is a village woman. He deserted her after having three children. The children work as coolies and don't know who their father is. His second and third wives live in some part of the city and the fourth one lives in Konanakunte. In all, he has nine children from the four women,\" the actor added.\"He knows he has failed to attract me. He wants to enjoy sex with me, failing which he wants to kill me. He has hired three goons to get me thrashed. Recently, I discovered one more secret of his. If I make it public, he will get me beaten up and get my legs and hands chopped. My life is under threat,\" Hemashri revealed.\"My mother has now labelled me a prostitute... I feel like committing suicide. My mother was never like this. Surendra Babu has changed her. Babu is nothing but a sex maniac,\" the actor alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16792126", "title": "Schools assure better facilities from next year", "text": "LUDHIANA: Parents also complained that even after charging high fee, there is a tendency to demand smaller amount for extra curricular events or some events being organized in the events, which should be included in the fees. In fact principals of other schools in the city claimed that already they were upgrading the facilities in their schools.\"If every year parents are made to pay higher fee, the school is also upgrading the facilities. Soon, we will be launching V-sat (satellite) classes for classes XI and XII students. Besides, we are renovating the 30-year-old school auditorium, which will be made air-conditioned from this year, \" said Mona Singh, the principal of Guru Nanak Public School, Sarabha Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16791856", "title": "IPL teams won't enjoy SA pitches: Mitchell Starc", "text": "MUMBAI: Mitchell Starc has put other teams in this year's Champions League T20 on notice by picking up three wickets against the star-studded Delhi Daredevils in a warm-up game on Thursday. The New South Wales and Sydney Sixers' pacer hits the seam and keeps a tight line and length without ever being defensive. The 22-year-old speedster, who picked up 10 wickets for Australia on the abrasive strips in Colombo, opened up on his journey as a strike bowler, his pairing with Pat Cummins and his team's first clash against 2010 CLT20 champions, Chennai Super Kings, on Sunday. Excerpts...Your success in Sri Lanka was inspirational as wickets there hardly favour bowlersIt was a difficult situation as I hadn't played in Sri Lanka before. But the series against Pakistan in UAE gave me an idea about the length I need to bowl and the speed of my deliveries on those wickets. We tried to swing the ball in the first six overs and generate as much speed as possible. Once the shine disappeared, it was more about varying the speed and length. Pat Cummins and Shane Watson bowled significantly well to give me the confidence to bowl fast.Is there a way to stop Chris Gayle on his day?Probably not. But we failed collectively as a bowling unit against the West Indies. We went for too many runs even though we succeeded in our plan to pick up early wickets. We somehow failed to control him. He didn't probably start as freely as he would have liked, but he gathered the momentum as the game wore on.How has working with Craig McDermott benefitted you?A lot. He wasn't much into the T20 mode. He was more concerned about Test cricket and played a major role in sharpening our bowling skills. He's conventional, but picks up little things that helped us immensely. I succeeded in UAE and perfected my swing going into right-handers because of him.How do you approach T20?In Sri Lanka, where the wickets didn't do too much, I tried to bowl as straight as possible. I try to let the ball fly as fast as I can in the air and that can be tough to hit when on target. After the shine goes, it depends on varying the pace and length.How do you look at the opening clash against Chennai Super Kings?The Chennai Super Kings have won the IPL multiple times and are a good side. But the tournament is being played out of India and conditions are different in South Africa. The wickets here will have a lot of pace and bounce and it will suit our style of bowling. Indian batsmen usually don't like the ball shooting up. I guess myself and (Pat) Cummins will have some fun.Does it help that you and Cummins lead the attack for club and country?We are a great combination and complement each other well. As a left-arm fast bowler, I get the ball to swing into right handers and Cummins swings the ball back into left-handers. So, that adds variety to the bowling attack. Cummins also moves the ball off the seam and he's a strong guy.Would you consider Australia's pace stocks the best in world cricket?We can't call ourselves the best side as long as Dale Steyn and the Morkel brothers are around. The Proteas have a solid bowling line-up. In Australia, we have huge competition to make the national team. We have, at least, eight guys ready to play any time.For a fast bowler what else matters other than speed?The captain's backing. I am fortunate to have Michael Clarke lead the Test and ODI teams where he allows me to be myself. George Bailey is similar in the T20 side. Both of them have a lot of trust in me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789428", "title": "Misuse of RTI Act riles PM", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh on Friday red-flagged the misuse of the RTI Act again saying that a citizens' right to know should definitely be circumscribed if it encroaches on an individual's privacy.\"There is a fine balance required to be maintained between the right to information and the right to privacy, which stems out of the fundamental right to life and liberty. The citizens' right to know should definitely be circumscribed if disclosure of information encroaches upon someone's personal privacy. But where to draw the line is a complicated question,\" he said.Addressing the seventh convention of Central Information Commissioners, the PM said, \"There are concerns about frivolous and vexatious use of the Act in demanding information disclosure of which cannot possibly serve any public purpose.\"Singh said such queries besides serving little productive purpose are also a drain on the resources of public authorities, diverting precious man-hours that could be put to better use. \"Sometimes information covering a long time-span or a large number of cases is sought in an omnibus manner with the objective of discovering an inconsistency or mistake which can be criticized,\" he said. Singh, on several occasions, has raised the issue of vexatious applications.In comparison, Chief Information Commission (CIC) Satyananda Mishra chose to highlight the ``excessive judicialisation\" of information commissions across the country that would deprive them of a flexible style of functioning.The statement comes at a time when the Supreme Court has mandated the presence of a judicial member and an expert to hear RTI appeals in commissions.Mishra said the approach of the Commissions, including states and Centre, in all these years has been to act like an umpire standing right on the field along with the players and not sitting on a pedestal and pronounce oracles. \"Openness of approach, informality in style and simplicity of systems have characterized the functioning of all the commissions....Excessive judicialisation of information commissions will deprive the commission of this flexibility. The society must decide if this is the right path,\" he added.Times ViewWhere the right to information intrudes into an area that is strictly private and does not impinge on public interest, clearly it must be circumscribed. However, there will be a lot of grey areas where the right to privacy and the right to information will be in conflict. In such situations, we would suggest that the law must err on the side of transparency. Those in public office \u2014 which is where the RTI Act applies \u2014 must accept that their right to privacy cannot be an absolu- te right and must bow to the larger public interest. Any other method of striking the balance between the two potentially conflicting rights would be against the spirit of true democracy and transparency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16791409", "title": "Youth escapes after rape bid", "text": "KANPUR: A local youth tried to molest a 21-year-old girl in Lewamau village of Kanpur dehat on Friday. However, the accused identified as Awdhesh Kumar is said to have escaped, as the girl screamed for help and villagers working in the nearby fields rushed to the spot. Victims parents, later apprised the Musanagar police about the incident.Acting on information, police has launched a manhunt to apprehend the accused living in the same village but to no avail.Meanwhile, on the basis of information provided by the girl, the cops have registered an FIR in this regard. According to sources, the accused threatened to kill the girl if she made any noise, while she was on her way to nearby fields during the wee hours of Friday. Apparently, the accused used to stalk the girl daily. The police later sent the girl to district hospital for medical examination. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16789584", "title": "Tatkare challenges Somaiya\u2019s PIL", "text": "Water resources minister Sunil Tatkare on Friday filed an affidavit objecting to the PIL filed against him by BJP leader Kirit Somaiya and activist Madhav Bhandari, which sought a probe against him for amassing wealth by abusing power. Tatkare said Somaiya, who belonged to a rival political party, had merely leveled \"baseless and vague\" allegations and had cited no particulars about any corruption or misconduct. He said Somaiya had the option of first filing a complaint before the anti-corruption bureau or a magistrate, but did not do so. Tatkare's affidavit suggested that Somaiya could not make vague allegations and seek intervention from the high court straightaway. Somaiya's PIL had alleged that Tatkare and his family had formed companies under the Tatkare Friends and Family Group to control over 1,000 acres of agriculture land in Ambivali, Dhagadwadi, Kihim and Shekhadi in Raigad district. Tatkare's counsel Aspi Chinoy said the PIL had been filed without complying with the Code of Criminal Procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16789807", "title": "Denied food, youths open fire at hotel", "text": "GURGAON: Two young men pulled out their guns and opened fire when they were denied food at a roadside hotel. Although no one was hurt, the targeted people were the hotel owner and some other employees. The men disappeared soon after the commotion and while a search is on for them, an FIR has been lodged against them.\"We have lodged an FIR against Bhanwar Singh and Sanju, resident of Manesar village. The accused are on the run,\" said Inspector Om Prakash, SHO, Manesar police station.According to police, the incident took place at a roadside hotel Gaurav Dhaba, located just opposite NSG centre around 11pm on Thursday. When the dhaba owner was going to shut down the hotel, Bhanwar Singh and Sanju reached there in a drunken state and asked for food. When they were denied food by the owner, they pulled out their guns and opened fire on hotel owner. However, the hotel owner did not get hurt. One of accused hit some workers also.They flee away from the spot on their bike. They also threatened the hotel owner and employees.However, no one was hurt but the hotel owner informed police just after the incident. Manesar police have lodged an FIR against Bhanwar Singh and Sanju under section 307/506 IPC and arms act. The accused are still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790691", "title": "Another liquidation plea against DCHL", "text": "HYDERABAD: The National Pension System Trust, which invested its funds in the debt market through SBI Pension Funds Pvt Ltd, one of its fund managers, is now aggrieved that a sum of Rs 20 crore was held up in the commercial instruments released by Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) and filed a winding up petition in the HC seeking liquidation of DCHL and settlement of its dues. Justice Ramesh Ranganathan, who heard the matter, issued a notice to DCHL and posted the matter to two weeks. The petitioner in this case told the court that despite the passage of maturity date, the bonds issued by DCHL were not honoured and their money was not realised. Hence they were seeking company's liquidation. The trust also sought a direction to the DCHL management not to alienate its assets in the meanwhile.The judge , while hearing another winding up petition filed by Photon Infotech, a software development company, which too bought Rs 5 crore worth commercial instrument, gave three weeks time to DCHL for reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16791078", "title": "There are some problems in implementation of mega handloom clusters: Textiles secretary", "text": "VARANASI: The uproar by handloom weavers at the Handloom Package Camp organised by Development Commissioner (Handloom) on Thursday not only exposed the shortcomings in the implementation of the schemes meant for this sector but also put a question mark on the way of implementation.Secretary (textiles), Kiran Dhingra, who attended the camp, admitted that the handloom weavers of the region are not getting the benefits they deserve. She also admitted that the ambitious scheme of mega handloom cluster is facing some trouble in its implementation. \"There are some problems in the implementation of mega handloom clusters. The things are being taken for review,\" she told TOI.The Central government had taken some steps to benefit the weavers of handloom sector. Just ahead of the UP assembly elections in November 2011, union minister for commerce and industry and textiles, Anand Sharma had come with a sop for handloom weavers to the tune of Rs 6,234 crores that included two packages - loan waiver (Rs 3,884) and a six-point finacial programme (Rs 2,350 crore). The bank loans (Rs 3,884 crores) of individual handloom weavers and those associated with cooperative societies would be waived off. This would benefit three lakh individual weavers and 15,000 cooperative societies across the country. A total of 13 lakh weavers of the country including two lakh weavers of Uttar Pradesh would benefit from this package. Besides, another package of Rs 2,350 crore included weavers credit card, 3% interest subsidy, margin money assistance (Rs 4,200-5,400), credit guarantee, 10% subsidy on yarn at the Mill Gate price rate through National Handloom Development Corporation (NHDC), and transportation subsidy (2.5%-10%). The minister also claimed that all the formalities had been completed and promised that it would be implemented with immediate effect.Another ambitious central project was the development of 'mega handloom cluster' announced in 2008-09. In the annual Budget for 2008-09, it was announced that two mega handloom clusters at Varanasi (UP) and Sivasagar (Assam) would be developed for their integrated and holistic development. Each mega handloom cluster would cover over 25,000 handlooms for which Central government's financial support would be up to Rs 70 crore. To take up these mega handloom clusters, Comprehensive Handloom Cluster Development Scheme (CHCDS) was introduced in November 2008. These clusters would help the weavers by way of technology up gradation, product diversification, raw material bank, credit, market development, human resource and skill development, social security, physical infrastructure, export and marketing, margin money for working capital, corpus fund for yarn deport.\"So far 719 credit cards have been sanctioned to the weavers out of which the subsidy amount of 274 weavers has been made available to banks,\" KP Verma, assistant director (handloom), told TOI on Friday. According to him, a total of 10,000 weavers were targeted to benefit in three years including 2,000 weavers in the first year. For the issue of credit cards, the forms of 11,343 weavers were forwarded to the banks, he informed. Besides, the list of over 5,000 weavers has also been sent to the banks for loan waiver, he said.According to records of the handloom department, 19109 handloom weavers (14,609 individual weavers and 4,500 members of cooperative societies) of eight districts of two regions (Mau and Varanasi) would be benefited with the loan waiver package. The individual weavers of the two regions had taken loans to the tune of Rs 44.90 crore. Besides, 150 cooperative societies owed Rs 4.25 crore (Rs 1.75 crore principal amount and Rs 2.50 crore interest). There are 1,28,075 adult weavers in Varanasi and Mau regions. Besides, there are also 25,763 minor weavers, below 18, working in handloom industry with their family members. It means majority of adult weavers (1,08,966) would have nothing to do with the loan waiver package. Those who have not taken any loan from banks would be benefited by another package (Rs 2350 crore) that included six-point programme.On the other hand, the project of mega handloom cluster is also facing problem as the government seeks bank guarantee for operation. \"The first installment of the project's fund was released, the second installment was yet to be released,\" said Verma. As Dhingra already made it clear that the mega handllom cluster project is facing some hurdles, only time will tell the fate of this ambitious scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "16792049", "title": "Deepak collects his \u2018786\u2019 luck", "text": "MODEL TOWN: This 26-year-old businessman has a unique hobby \u2014 he loves to collect Indian currency notes ending with the lucky \"786\" digit. Two years ago someone told Deepak Dutta that currency notes with \"786\" number on them bring prosperity, and ever since he's been collecting them. Today, he boasts of a collection of more than 30 currency notes bearing the lucky number.\"I knew the number was sacred in Islam. When I asked around, people told me that I should collect the numbers, wherever, whenever, I saw them as they would be lucky for me. I was told that the number can change my life,\" said Deepak, who owns a garment store in Model Town. Following this, Deepak started collecting notes ending with \"786\" about two years ago.He added, \"Till now I have collect 32 notes of 786 series of various denominations. Though most of the notes are of Rs 100 and Rs 500 denomination, I have a few of Rs 10, Rs 50 and Rs 1,000 denominations. I also have a note ending with \"000786\" which is very hard to find.\"This 26-year-old businessman Deepak Dutta loves to collect Indian currency notes ending with the lucky \"786\" digit. Two years ago someone told him that currency notes with \"786\" number on them bring prosperity, and ever since he's been collecting them. Today, he boasts of a collection of more than 30 currency notes bearing the lucky number.Two years on, Deepak has not had a run in with bad luck. \"After visiting a Muslim shrine in Rishi Nagar, I started adding on to my collection. I didn't expect the number to work magic for me, but surprisingly my business started doing very well! As for me I get immense satisfaction from collecting the number,\" said Deepak, who has done diploma in fashion designing from NIFT. He added that every Wednesday, by luck or with divine intervention, I get one note ending with 786. He said, \"I also plan to buy a new vehicle and get a number for it ending with my lucky number 786.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16791008", "title": "Centre wants Assam to resettle all BTAD Muslim riot victims", "text": "GUWAHATI: Pressure from the Centre is mounting on the state government and the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) to rehabilitate every single Bengali-speaking Muslim displaced during the recent clashes in Bodoland.The Centre has taken strong exception to the BTC's decision to allow re-settlement of only those displaced Bengali-speaking Muslims, who have land deeds in Bodoland Territorial Autonomous Districts (BTAD). New Delhi is also not pleased with the state government for toeing the BTC line.\"There is pressure from the Centre to get all displaced people rehabilitated at places from where they were displaced. Over 19,000 families have been found to have land holdings in BTAD areas and they are being rehabilitated since October 19. We are structuring a new format to rehabilitate others who do not own land in Bodo areas,\" a source said.Questions are now being raised by Congress leaders on who will shoulder the additional burden of this displaced Bengali-speaking Muslim population if they are not taken back in BTC areas. \"We have to find alternative documents like electoral rolls, PAN cards or even bank documents to prove their residency in BTC areas even if they do not own any land there. It is not necessary to have land ownership to be a voter from one particular area,\" said a Congress leader said.On Wednesday, the BTC and state government approved rehabilitation of 19,632 Bengali-speaking Muslim families displaced from Kokrajhar and Chirang districts after verifying their land ownership. There are still 1.33 lakh Bengali-speaking Muslims staying in relief camps in Kokrajhar, Chirang, Bongaigaon and Dhubri districts.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi has set up a group of ministers to push the rehabilitation of riot-hit people after the Bodoland People's Front (BPF), which rules the BTC and is a partner of the Congress in the state government, refused to rehabilitate all displaced Bengali-speaking Muslims and insisted on taking only those who were staying in BTC areas before the BTC Accord was signed in 2003.The opposition to rehabilitating all displaced families came after Gogoi appealed to 4,45,586 inmates of relief camps to return home by August 15 immediately after the riots subsided.In Kokrajhar district, the entire Bengali-speaking population has fled to minority-dominated Dhubri district and has taken shelter in relief camps while a few Bodos living in Dhubri district have fled to Kokrajhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789045", "title": "Now, bribery charge against Virbhadra Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: There was more trouble for Congress ahead of the Himachal Pradesh election with party veteran Virbhadra Singh in the midst of a controversy over payments adding up to Rs 2.28 crore allegedly made to the leader by a private firm when he was steel minister.A TV news channel on Friday aired a report alleging Ispat Industries Ltd paid bureaucrats and officials in the steel and coal ministries during 2009-2010. The allegations, based on documents sourced from the income tax department, specifically mention Rs 2.28 crore paid to 'VBS' between October 2009 and October 2010.Virbhadra Singh, currently leading the Congress campaign, headed the steel ministry from May 2009 to January 2011. The channel said the documents were based on entries found in a diary seized during a raid on Ispat Industries Ltd in December 2010.The dairy entry, recorded as \"amt paid to VBS\", kicked up a political storm. Singh vehemently denied he was \"VBS\", claiming BJP leader Arun Jaitley and Hamirpur MP Anurag Thakur were trying to frame him. Thakur is son of Himachal chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal .Soon after, Jaitley countered Virbhadra's allegations, saying he had nothing to do with the TV expose. He said the crux of the issue was that prima facie a crime appeared to have been committed and it needed to be investigated.Congress spokesperson Manish Tewari defended Virbhadra, arguing that a reference in a diary did not amount to proof. He said this had been proved in the Jain hawala case. But BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said the dairy entries were part of I-T documents and a full investigation was called for.Following the recovery of the dairy entries, the I-T department wrote to chief vigilance officers of the ministries. However, till date, the channel said, the steel ministry had not replied. The channel also said 90% of the entries, which mention how much money was paid to whom, concerned the steel ministry.The report said the payments seemed to have been made at a time when Ispat Industries defaulted Rs 700 crore on letters of credit.\"I write my initials as VS and not VBS. I have not received any money from anyone,\" Virbhadra said. \"This is all a political conspiracy hatched by BJP leaders such as Arun Jaitley and Anurag Thakur. Let there be a probe, I am not afraid.\"Pramod Mittal, who ran Ispat Industries during the period referred to in the dairy, also denied charges of payments being made. Mittal is steel tycoon Lakshmi Mittal's brother.The channel further alleged that Rs 10 crore was paid to MSTC, Rs 28 lakh to steel ministry officials and that all payments were made at residences. It also alleged that a high commissioner of a country had been paid according to the I-T documents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16793444", "title": "Govt to improve quality of education in traditional medicine", "text": "HYDERABAD: Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad on Friday said that the Department of Ayush, under his ministry, would strive to streamline the quality of education in traditional medicine during the 12th Plan period.Mainstreaming of Ayush has been adopted as one of the core strategies under the National Rural Health Mission to augment effective provisioning of health care services, he said.\"We have a surplus of doctors in Ayurveda and dental while there is shortage of MBBS doctors, specialists, super-specialists and nurses. The absorption rate of Ayush doctors is not even five per cent,\" Azad said after inaugurating a health fair here.The union government had set up Department of Indian Systems of Medicine and Homoeopathy in March 1995 which was re-named as Department of Ayurveda, Yoga &amp; Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy (AYUSH) in November, 2003.Azad noted that there has been a 'tremendous resurgence' of people's interest in Ayush systems of medicine not only in India but also in many parts of the world, including Europe and the US.\"We have 504 Ayush educational institutions, including 111 post-graduate colleges, where about 27,000 students are admitted every year. More and more foreign students are coming to India to study Ayurveda and Yoga, reflecting the increased global interest towards Ayush,\" he pointed out.India has also signed memorandum of understanding for bilateral co-operation in traditional medicine besides setting up Ayurveda chairs and Ayush information centres in countries like South Africa , Malaysia, Trinidad and Tobago , he said.There was a surplus of about 5-6 lakh Ayurvedic and Unani doctors while another 4,000 doctors add up every year. The emphasis would, hence, be on improving quality of education rather than quantity, he observed.\"Focus will also be on research in Indian traditional medicine as foreigners are questioning the efficacy of our systems. A major challenge before Ayush is establishing safety and efficacy of products on scientific lines in commercial production. We have set up Pharmacopoeia Commission of Indian Medicine in this regard,\" the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bilbao", "code": "16793853", "title": "Anand shocked by Carlsen in Final Masters", "text": "BILBAO: It went from bad to worse for world champion Viswanathan Anand as he suffered a shocking loss at the hands of Norwegian Magnus Carlsen in the ninth and penultimate round of fifth Final Chess Masters.Having drawn the first eight games in the tournament, Anand was expected to hold fort against Carlsen but the Indian ace cracked under pressure and went on to lose his first game in the tournament.The loss has not only cost him valuable rating points but also put Anand in an unthinkable fifth spot in the six-player double round-robin tournament.On what turned out to be the most exciting day of the event, Italian Fabiano Caruana punished Armenian Levon Aronian for an over-ambitious approach while local hopeful Francisco Vallejo Pons slipped from another highly promising position and went down to Sergey Karjakin of Russia.With just one round to go, it's Carlsen against Caruana for the top spot as they continue to share the lead on 16 points under the soccer-like scoring system that gives three points for a win and one for draw.These two are followed by Aronian on 10 points while Karjakin now stands fourth -- a point behind the Armenian. Anand with eight points, is on fifth spot, three points ahead of Vallejo Pons.It turned out to be an utterly forgettable day in office for Anand in the Sokolsky variation that Carlsen played against his Sicilian defence.The opening was quite peaceful and Anand maintained the balance but in the middle game his position collapsed in very quick time.Carlsen in fact gave a temporary pawn sacrifice to create some weaknesses in Anand's position and then at the right time came up with some spectacular manoeuvres that left Anand defenceless.Almost running out of moves towards the end, Anand resigned on move 30. For Anand, this was the second loss ever against Carlsen in classical games. The previous instance was in 2009 when Anand had lost in Linares tournament.If Carlsen thought he had done his bit defeating the world champion he was in for a big surprise as Fabiano Caruana defeated Aronian in splendid fashion.A closed Ruy Lopez was followed by some strategic manoeuvres and in a balanced middle game, Aronian went for an unwarranted complications after sacrificing a knight for two pawns.Caruana was in his elements thereafter. The Italian calculated like a machine and carried out his plans to perfection.First it was a slow improvement and when the position warranted, Caruana launched a king side attack to finish matters in 39 moves.For Aronian, it was a shocking defeat while Italy's first son in Chess revelled in glory defeating another higher ranked player. The victory also enabled Caruana to seal his place in the top-five of world rankings for now.For Vallejo Pons, it was another day of heartbreak. The lowest ranked player in the tournament spoilt another chance to score a victory and instead lost to Karjakin out of his pet French defence.Karjakin went for a tactical skirmish on the king side but Vallejo Pons was quite up the task on the other flank and as it happened, the Spaniard was quite superior in the middle game that ensued.However, with the clock ticking away, Vallejo Pons made a series of errors and the finale came through a forced checkmate.Results round nine: (Magnus Carlsen (Nor, 16) beat V Anand (Ind, 8); Sergey Karjakin (Rus, 9) beat Freancisco Vallejo Pons (Esp, 5); Fabiano Caruana (Ita, 16) beat Levon Aronian (Arm, 10).The moves: Magnus Carlsen - V Anand 1. e4 c5 2. Nf3 d6 3. Bb5+ Bd7 4. Bxd7+ Qxd7 5. c4 Nf6 6. Nc3 g6 7. d4 cxd4 8. Nxd4 Bg7 9. f3 Qc7 10. b3 Qa5 11. Bb2 Nc6 12. O-O O-O 13. Nce2 Rfd8 14. Bc3 Qb6 15. Kh1 d5 16. Nxc6 bxc6 17. Qe1 Rdc8 18. e5 Ne8 19. e6 fxe6 20. Nf4 Bxc3 21. Qxc3 d4 22. Qd2 c5 23. Rae1 Ng7 24. g4 Rc6 25. Nh3 Ne8 26. Qh6 Nf6 27. Ng5 d3 28. Re5 Kh8 29. Rd1 Qa6 30. a4 black resigned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791616", "title": "Uma calls for consensus on cleaning river Ganga", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Members of Parliament irrespective of their party affiliations are concerned about the plight of the Ganga but still the pollution in the river continues unabated and no efforts are being made to facilitate unhindered flow of the Ganga across the country, said senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharati. Uma was speaking to reporters after her Ganga Samagra yatra arrived here on Friday.Stating that it has been proved that it is scientifically possible to clean the Ganga, Uma said we have requisite technology and technique to undertake treatment of sewage flowing into the Ganga. But still the level of pollution in the river remains a concern.The BJP leader said the Ganga action Plan (GAP) launched to clean the river has turned out to be a total failure and now need is to evolve a consensus on the cleaning of the Ganga, from Gangotri to Gangasagar. She said the Save Ganga volunteers alongwith the public will form a human chain across the country on November 2 to create awareness about the issue and draw the attention of the government.BJP leader and founder of Ganga Heritage Foundation , Yogesh Shukla said unless every drop of water flowing in the river from Gangotri to Gangasagar is fit for achman(ablution) all the efforts go in vain. Uma Bharati also visited the Vishwa Hindu Parishad office at Kesar Bhawan to pay tributes to the urn containing the ashes of senior VHP leader BP Singhal who passed away recently.Singhal's ashes were brought here on Friday by his younger brother and VHP president Ashok Singhal. The ashes were immersed in the Sangam amid the presence of senior BJP and VHP leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790380", "title": "PM to chair panel discussion in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will set a trend of sorts when he chairs the first panel discussion of the 100th edition of the Indian Science Congress in the city in January. The PM who has been elected the President of the Congress will inaugurate the Congress on January 3. The premier science show will go on till January 7.The Science Congress was conceived here a century ago and the first session happened here. It was decided that the special special 100th edition would be held here because of historical and nostalgic reasons, said T Ramaswami, secretary to department of science and technology, government of India. He was addressing scientists and the media on Friday at a session to announce the Congress in the city.Bose Institute, Indian Institute of Chemical Biology, Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science, Jadavpur University, Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics and ISI will partner Calcutta University (CU) in holding sessions. Tech schools like Techno India and Heritage Institute of Technology have also offered to hold sessions and host delegates for the Congress.Ramaswami said that eight Nobel laureates have confirmed their participation. \"What would perhaps make the Congress most significant is that the science and technology policy of the state would be announced here,\" he added. A body of scientists from CERN would recreate the experiment that they have conducted in Switzerland in their quest for the God Particle.CU vice-chancellor of Calcutta University, Suranjan Das however reminded everyone that the Congress should focus at making science more socially relevant. \"It is sad that despite the quantum leap that science has made in our country, children still die of malnutrition. Again, despite the fact that biotechnology has advanced so much, our farmers are still to benefit from it while the foreign countries benefit,\" Das said.Not everyday does one witness a Prime Minister chair a public discussion. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh will break this mould as he chairs a panel discussion in the city in January. This will be the first panel discussion of the Indian Science Congress, which in its 100th edition will happen here in january. The Prime Minister has been elected the President of the Congress and will inaugurate the Congress on January 3. The premier science show of the country will go on till January 7.The Calcutta University, along with the leading research institutes of the city, will host this mammoth event. The Science Congress was conceived here a century ago and the first session happened here. It was decided that the special 100th edition would also be held here because of historical and nostalgic reasons, explained secretary department of science and technology, government of India, T. Ramaswami. He was addressing scientists and the media at a session to announce the Congress in the city on Friday. Among the other institutes who would partner with CU in holding the sessions are, Bose Institute, Indian Institute of Chemical Biology, Indian Association for the Cultivation of Science, Jadavpur University, Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics and ISI. A large number of leading private tech schools like techno India and Heritage Institute of Technology have also offered to hold sessions and host delegates for the Congress.At least 15000 delegates would be present in the city during the Congress of whom at least 70 are leading scientists from foreign countries. Ramaswamy said that eight Nobel laureates have confirmed participation in the Congress.\"What would perhaps make the Congress most significant is that the science and technology policy of the state would be announced here,\" he added. A body of scientists from CERN would be present at the Congress to recreate the experiment that they have conducted in their laboratories in Switzerland in their quest for the God Particle.Vice Chancellor of Calcutta University, Suranjan Das however reminded everyone that the Congress should focus at making science more socially relevant. \"It is sad that despite the quantum leap that science has made in our country, children still die of malnutrition. Again, despite the fact that biotechnology has advanced so much, our farmers are still to benefit from it while the foreign countries benefit,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789382", "title": "Corporation rapped for keeping multilevel car park closed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parking woes in the crowded Chandni Chowk area may ease up, with the Delhi high court stepping in on Friday.A special bench of Justice S Ravindra Bhat and Justice S Muralidhar formed to monitor traffic in the city slammed the municipal corporation for keeping a ready-to-use multilevel parking facility in the area closed, though it had been inaugurated twice. HC took strong exception to the parking lot staying shut despite being operational, and summoned the area deputy commissioner for an explanation. The judges even said their official vehicles can be parked at the facility to send a signal to the public that the parking is open.More than seven months after it was inaugurated, the multilevel parking lot at Parade Ground has been closed in view of the upcoming festive season, Chandi Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal informed the court on Friday. The court also went through the minutes of meeting of all stakeholders, including the Delhi government, civic agency and traffic police on October 3. HC had earlier asked them to discuss ways to clear the clogged streets and traffic mess.HC also asked the corporation about the progress made in building the Gandhi ground parking, another ambitious project. The court will take up the matter next on October 18. The special bench was formed to monitor the work of a taskforce set up by the court to decongest roads.HC has emphasized the need to evolve a traffic system under which no mode of traffic, including non-motorized bicycles and cycle-rickshaws, are denied access to some roads in the Walled City area.The court decided to monitor its taskforce's work on a plea by NGO Manushi Sangathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "the supreme court on thursday quashed the notifications issued by ut administration for acquiring land for phase-iii of rajiv gandhi chandigarh technology park ( rgctp). the apex court observed", "code": "16792139", "title": "IT Park development: Supreme Court stops land acquisition", "text": "The Supreme Court on Thursday quashed the notifications issued by UT administration for acquiring land for Phase-III of Rajiv Gandhi Chandigarh Technology Park ( RGCTP). The apex court observed: \"It seems that the officers of Chandigarh administration were overawed by the view expressed by the then administrator and the instinct of self-preservation prompted them not to go against the wishes of the administrator who wanted that additional land be acquired in the name of expansion of IT Park despite the fact that a substantial portion of the land acquired for Phase-II had been allotted to a private developer.\"Coming down heavily on UT's administrative set-up, SC held that land acquisition officer in this case failed to apply his mind because he was a \"minion in the hierarchy of UT administration\" and could not have even thought of making recommendations contrary to the administrator's stand.\"If he had shown the courage of acting independently and made recommendation against the acquisition of land, he would have surely been shifted from that post and his career would have been jeopardized. In the system of governance which we have today, junior officers in the administration cannot even think of, what to say of, acting against the wishes/dictates of their superiors,\" the court observed.Division bench of the SC comprising Justice G S Singhvi and Justice Sudhanshu Jyoti Mukhopadhaya passed these observations while allowing a bunch of petitions filed by Surinder Singh Brar and others against acquisition.The SC bench also held that the casual manner in which UT's senior officers dealt with the serious issue of land acquisition signified their total lack of respect for the constitutional provision. Apex court quashed all the notifications issued by UT administration on June 26, 2006, August 2, 2006 and February 28, 2007 through which around 272 acres were acquired for extension of IT park. SC also found that the Punjab and Haryana high court failed to examine the substantive grounds on which the landowners had challenged the acquisition of their land with the required seriousness, and omission of HC had resulted in miscarriage of justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16790647", "title": "Foul smell traced to Brahmapuram plant", "text": "KOCHI: Following reports of an unbearable stench during the night in areas in and around Eroor, Irumbanam, Kalamassery and Tripunithura, pollution control board (PCB) officials visited the area on Thursday night. They said the stench could have been emanating from the Brahmapuram waste treatment plant.\"Our team found that the stinking odour was strongest when we stood on the Irumbanam bridge. It could be because the wind blows westward in the evenings,\" said M S Mythili, chief environmental engineer, Kochi.She said in all likelihood the stench had emanated from Brahmapuram as apparently the plant there was treating some of the stocked waste. \"It must have been treated at night, triggering the odour,\" she said.Farooq Sait, district senior environmental engineer, who along with a couple of other officials examined the entire area, especially Irumbanam from where the PCB had received complaints, said: \"The smell was that of ammonia, but it was well below the permissible levels.\"After inspecting the Brahmapuram plant, PCB officials asked its managers not to operate it at night. \"During the day, the heat will take away the anypollutants and the open air will ensure that there is no particulate presence in the atmosphere,\" he said.PCB officials however expressed overall satisfaction at the working of the plant, which they said was being maintained well. It's treating garbage collected from the corporation and nearby municipalities..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16790448", "title": "Councillor moves with family out of Vellalore", "text": "COIMBATORE: When the local representative of the civic body, the municipal councillor residing close to the dump yard on Muthaliyar street was forced to shift along with her family to P&T; colony which is away from the garbage site after her husband developed pulmonary and cardiac complications, it was the perfect testimony to the health hazards posed by the dump yard site.\"My husband is a heart patient and was facing some difficulty due to the stench and smoke from the dump yard. Our doctor advised us to shift away from the dump yard and in August we moved out of Muthaliyar Street to our new residence here,\" said V Savithiri, municipal councillor, ward no 99, Coimbatore municipal corporation.Muthaliyar street was one of the worst affected localities in Konavaikkalpalayam due to last week's fire outbreak at the dump yard. Savithiri also added that her husband G Vijayan, former councillor of Vellalore along with a few others had gone to Chennai and had submitted a petition at the Chief Minister's Office demanding the dump yard to be shifted out of Vellalore.\"The plight of the residents has to be acknowledged by the corporation. There are numerous people with cardiac and pulmonary complications residing in these localities and the smoke from the dump yard is toxic. My doctor had specifically asked me to move out of our old house because it was close to the dump yard,\" said G Vijayan.The 650 acre dump yard in Vellalore is where more than 700 tonnes of garbage from 100 wards of the corporation is being dumped on a daily basis. A major fire broke out in the 24 acre sanitary landfill facility at the yard on Saturday afternoon which raged on for more than two days resulting in wide spread anger to get the dump yard shifted out of Vellalore. More than 500 people courted arrest after staging protests, demanding the same during the last two days in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16791948", "title": "First low-cost bariatric surgery in north Maha", "text": "NASHIK: Dr Jayant Wagh of Bhagwati Institute of Gastroenterology Pvt Ltd, Nashik, performed the first low-cost bariatric surgery that is used to treat obesity and related symptoms. This is the first such surgery in north Maharashtra.\"This surgery is only for those who have tried and failed to get rid of obesity after diet therapy and exercise. Bariatric surgery is a good long-term weight loss surgery,\" said Dr Wagh, who had been trying to pursue this method of treating obesity since 2006, and has been trained from Pune and Delhi in primary and advanced surgery courses. On Sept 26, he performed the first bariatric surgery on a patient from Nashik Road.Dr Wagh explained that Bariatric surgery involves removal of excess fat stores through gastric banding or through gastric by-pass surgery. Gastric banding is a reversible process wherein the band is attached to the stomach, restricting food intake due to the reduced gastric pouch. In by-pass surgery, a smaller stomach pouch is created through a stapler device and connected to the distal small intestine. \"Gastric by-pass is good for type II diabetes patients. Sleeve gastrectomy is a new method- stomach capacity is reduced through stapling method,\" said Dr Wagh.He performed bariatric surgery through endoscopy method without any blood loss. \"The patient who weighed 105 kg came down to 95.7 kg and gradual reduction will take place. He has no weakness and is on a liquid diet now, gradually he will be given a soft diet and within a week he will start having normal diet.\"The patient, Pravin Donde, while sharing his experience, said that he would kick-box, gym and do karate, but later neglected them and his weight increased. \"I developed knee pain and could not even climb two steps without feeling tired, I felt lazy and always wanted to sleep. My blood pressure increased. My wife was getting treated at Bhagwati when I came to know of this surgery and decided to go for it.\"Dr Wagh said that change in lifestyle modificationlike change indietary pattern and increase in physical activities is very important after the surgery. His team includes dieticians and health consultants. \"Bariatric surgery is not cosmetic surgery and is permanent,\" said Dr Wagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16791121", "title": "Doctors, enthusiasts gather to spread word about arthritis", "text": "LUCKNOW: Arthritis Foundation of Lucknow (AFOL) celebrated World Arthritis Day on Friday at Lohia Park with an aim to spread awareness about arthritis and other rheumatologic diseases and fight for it. The celebration took place in order to be a part of the world wide social campaign, 'Wave for arthritis'. The campaign saw around 400 persons including patients suffering from arthritis and their family, care giver doctors, members of AFOL and the general public. Addressing the gathering, Dr Sandeep Kapoor, founding member of AFOL said, \"People assembled to waive for arthritis. The participants cleared their doubts about arthritis today. It was a healthy discussion, where we doctors made the people know that arthritis is preventable.\"Dr Sandeep Garg, another founding member of AFOL, discussed about various types of arthritis. He said that arthritis is not an old-age related disease, it can happen to anybody at any age. He informed about ways to prevent and treat the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789632", "title": "Mystery shrouds former info officer's role in Robert Vadra's firm", "text": "NEW DELHI: Krishnan Sreenivasan, the Kochi-based businessman who replaced Priyanka Vadra as director in a Robert Vadra company, was a surprise finalist in the list of probable Congress candidates for a Lok Sabha ticket from Kerala in the 2009 general elections.Sreenivasan became a director of Blue Breeze Trading on July 10, 2008 when Priyanka resigned as its director. Both Priyanka and Robert were directors of the company since it was incorporated in 2007.According to sources, Sreenivasan is a former Indian Information Service officer who served in the central government. He was appointed additional private secretary to late Congress leader K Karunakaran when he was industries minister in 1995.Sreenivasan resigned from government service within months of Karunakaran's tenure as minister coming to an end. Though he officially runs a manpower recruitment agency for the Gulf region, indications are that Sreenivasan has other business interests in the Gulf as well.It is not clear how his proximity to the Vadra family began. It is believed that he provides assistance to them whenever they visit south India.Sreenivasan's career hit a peak when his name mysteriously surfaced as a contender for Congress ticket for a Lok Sabha seat from Kerala. Sources said he was actually pitted against P C Chacko, the Congress spokesperson. It was probably the decisive intervention of A K Antony and other senior Congress leaders that resulted in Chacko getting the party nomination. Sreenivasan's name was proposed from Delhi also, sources said. \"He is neither a recognisable Congress worker nor a leader,\" a party source said.On February 22, 2011, Sreenivasan resigned from Vadra's company. As of the latest filings of Blue Breeze, only Vadra and his mother are directors of the company. The company seems to have carried out no significant business other than buying agricultural land worth Rs 77.25 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789658", "title": "Soon, a policy for green housing", "text": "PUNE: To promote energy-efficient housing in the country, the National Housing Bank (NHB) will soon come up with a special policy.\"Efforts are being made to give impetus to energy-efficient building sector. Financing energy-efficient housing is one of the main issues that need to be tackled. The NHB is mulling over policy in this direction and we are working on it. It could be initiatives such as loans at low interest rates to consumers and some benefits for developers,\" said Mili Majumdar, director, Sustainable Habitat with The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI).Majumdar was speaking at the regional conference, 'Towards Urban Sustainability', on Friday. She added that the policy was in the formulation stage and more details would be coming soon.\"Energy-efficient buildings drive a green economy and Indian cities need to adopt this model. Use of water and energy in construction should be optimal and site planning should be done in accordance to city planning and land-use pattern,\" Majumdar said adding that municipal corporations across the country are adopting this model+.J P Shroff of Credai said the organization has started a project to train construction labourers. \"As of now we have trained and certified 4,000 labourers. This training will be extended across the country.\"Mayor Vaishali Bankar said the Pune Municipal Corporation is taking efforts to ensure that the rising constructions in the city are in accordance with the central government norms. \"With a rising population, the number of constructions in the city are on the rise.We are trying to mitigate climate change by putting efforts to treat garbage and promote sustainable public transport,\" she said.One of the organizers of the conference Poorva Keskar said the two-day conference will deal with all issues related to sustainable urbanization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16791352", "title": "61st annual convocation on December 10", "text": "VADODARA: M S University (MSU) will hold its 61st annual convocation on December 10.Officer on special duty (registrar) Amit Dholakia informed TOI on Friday that the university has finalized the date for holding this year's annual convocation where India's metro man E Sreedharan will be the chief guest.Earlier, the university was planning to host the annual convocation in the third week of November. Last month, 80-year-old Sreedharan, the Padma Vibhushan awardee and former chief of Delhi Metro, accepted the invitation to attend the convocation given by MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh.Sreedharan, now retired, had also steered the Konkan Railway project. He has been conferred honorary doctorate by IIT Delhi, IIT Roorkee and Rajasthan Technical University.\"We believe his (Sreedharan) presence in the midst of university's graduating students will be a great source of inspiration for all as he is acclaimed worldwide for bringing about a revolution in India's metropolitan transportation system by completing, in record time, one of world's best and most advanced metro rail projects in the national capital,\" said Dholakia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "play ", "code": "16794055", "title": "Theatre Review: Salt N Pepper", "text": "Play : Salt N PepperDirector : Vikranth PawarDuration : 120 minutesCast : Mandira Bedi, Kuki Grewal, Darshan Jariwala, VikramThis play is for people who didn't find love while crossing college corridors. A mature take on relationships and companionship, Salt N Pepper breaks several stereotypes even as it treads a predictable path. The production \u2014 a compilation of 10 stories of 10 minutes each \u2014 narrates the tales of 10 lives through life-changing situations.As couples, strangers and exes from various age bands discover or rediscover love, director Vikranth Pawar shows that there's always light at the end of the tunnel. The setting is strictly urban but extremely versatile with boxes having small white blocks for windows strewn across the stage to portray highrises. While two characters come out of this boxed or 'confined' existence to commit suicide \u2014 only to be introduced to life as they stand on the edge of the parapet, ready to jump \u2014 a middle-aged spinster Flavia finds love in Vincent Pillai on a giant wheel, somewhere across the highrises. If a young couple is quarrelling at the marriage counsellor's office inside one of those buildings, in another flat across the road, there's a Cosmopolitan love-questionnaire-solving young couple trying to calculate their love percentage.Actors Mandira Bedi, Darshan Jariwala, Kuki Grewal and Vikram Kochhar team up in pairs. With a new story starting every 10 minutes, all the four actors put their versatility on display \u2014 seamlessly transforming from one character to the other. And the change is not just look-wise, but also in terms of the different age bands they portray. Mandira and Darshan traverse an age band from 30 to 75, slipping in and out of characters. Kuki and Vikram, who get some of the bolder stories, perform with absolute ease. Whether it's enjoying phone sex with his girlfriend as he literally stands naked on stage (shielded only by the structure of a bathroom), or declaring his heart in shuddh Hindi via a 'speeddosti' community, Vikram is charming.The hero of the play, however, are the dialogues which tickle, titillate, sometimes irritate but also inspire myriad emotions. There are some heart-warming sequences, like a conversation a character has in his mind as he talks to his college sweetheart while sifting through a photo album. She appears from his memories and speaks his mind for him.Almost nudging the audience to enjoy the stories without bothering about theglitches, this play gives you awe and aww inspiring stories and yes , 10 reasons to come and watch the play again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16791600", "title": "The league of Champions", "text": "While the clash between Delhi Daredevils and Kolkata Knight Riders is the marquee on Saturday, we take a look at what other teams have to offer.Auckland Aces: A strong team in domestic cricket in New Zealand, having won 26 Plunket Shield titles, eight Ford Trophy championships, and the HRV Twenty20 Cup twice. Beat Hampshire and Sialkot Stallions in the qualifiers. The biggest 'ace' in their pack is all-rounder Azhar Mahmood.Yorkshire: The most successful outfit in English cricketing history with 31 County Championships, including one shared. They currently play in Division Two of the County Championship. Beat Sri Lanka's Uva Next and Trinidad &amp; Tobago in the qualifiers. They have a good batsman in South Africa's David Miller.Sydney Sixers: The winners of the inaugural Big Bash League. Former Australian fast bowler Stuart Clark is the general manager of the team, led by wicketkeeper Brad Haddin. They have virtually the entire current Australian T20 fast bowling attack at their disposal, with Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc and Shane Watson comprising the seam bowling line-up.Perth Scorchers: The runners-up in the BBL are led by Australia discard Marcus North. The Marsh brothers - Shaun and Mitchell, give them strength in batting as well as bowling. Marsh should form a fine opening combo with former South African batsman Herschelle Gibbs. They have the experience of left-arm chinaman Brad Hogg (41) and former England T20 and ODI captain Paul Collingwood (36) to count upon.Nashua Titans: They are the MiWay T20 Championship winners in South Africa. This is the first time they will play in the CLT20. Their skipper is the 38-year-old Martin van Jaarsveld.Highveld Lions: They were the runners-up of the South African T20 championship. They are led by Alviro Petersen, who opens for South Africa in Tests. They made their CLT20 debut in 2010 against the Mumbai Indians , and started with a bang, upsetting MI, thanks to Jonathan Vandiar and Neil McKenzie's pyrotechnics. They will play MI on Sunday.Mumbai Indians: The defending champions will be buoyed by the return of the talismanic Sachin Tendulkar. They didn't do too well in the IPL, and must be itching to bounce back by winning this one again. Skipper Harbhajan Singh showed a return to wicket-taking ways in the WorldT20. Kieron Pollard and Lasith Malinga give them plenty of muscle with the bat and the ball respectively.Chennai Super Kings: Skipper MS Dhoni hasn't won a title in a while, which must be making him feel unusual! CSK lost in the IPL final to KKR, and surely, that must be hurting the yellow brigade. They won the title in 2010, and can repeat the feat. In Suresh Raina, Albie Morkel, R Ashwin and opener Murali Vijay , they have match-winners in T20 cricket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16792224", "title": "IT Park\u2019s loss may be Industrial Area\u2019s gain", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With its plans to expand Rajiv Gandhi Chandigarh Technology Park (RGCTP) by way of Phase III shattered, the UT administration is actively considering the proposal to allow IT-enabled services in Industrial Area.There had been a demand to allow Business Process Outsourcing (BPOs) and other related services in phases I and II of Industrial Area, which has many plots vacant due to absence of industries in the city. However, when the proposal was included in the draft industrial policy finalized in 2009, it had evoked criticism from various quarters, with the argument that Chandigarh had an IT Park, spread over several acres, specifically for the purpose. Meanwhile, the only silver lining in quashing of the land acquisition is that no projects were planned for these 272 acres. Even the master plan being finalized by urban planning department only states that low-rise buildings were to come up in Phase-III in the coming years. The land is close to eco-sensitive zone.An area of 111 acres was originally identified for the purpose of setting up RGCTP with state-of-the-art infrastructure, including provision of 100% availability of power and broadband connectivity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "16790968", "title": "Drunk father kills kid", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: A drunk father killed his sick 18-month-old daughter in a fit of rage in Mudigere on Thursday night.Police said Suresh, 35, had come to Chandrapura coffee estate from Harapanahalli in Davanagere to work as a daily wage worker along with his wife Omni Bayi and daughter Shruthi. On Thursday night, the child fell ill and Bayi pestered Suresh to take the child to a hospital. A drunk Suresh instead picked up a fight with his wife. He picked up a sharp object and tried to hit his wife, but the blow landed on the child on her waist. The child died on the spot.Gonibeedu police have arrested Suresh on charge of murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790383", "title": "Kolkata Port Trust cracks the whip on firm", "text": "KOLKATA: A showdown at the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC) now seems imminent with Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) cracking the whip and setting a deadline for Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd to decide whether it wants to continue its operations at berths 2 and 8.If the company fails to comment on the recommendations of the three-member committee, set up by KoPT to resolve the ongoing crisis at HDC, or resume work at the two berths by October 19, the port may take steps to terminate its contract.The KoPT's Board of Trustees convened an emergency meeting on Friday in Kolkata to take stock of the situation in Haldia. After going through the recommendations and discussing the matter threadbare, the trustees directed the port management to write to HBT.\"KoPT will write to HBT, seeking its specific comments on the recommendations of the committee. The company will also be asked to resume operations at berths 2 and 8 of HDC by October 19, 2012. If the company doesn't respond positively, it will be presumed that HBT is no longer interested in carrying out business at HDC and suitable steps will be initiated as per clause 7.12 of the agreement between the company and KoPT. The KoPT management will also seek the state government's intervention in labour welfare and issues connected with law and order,\" a source in the KoPT said after the meeting.The trustees decided that the port management will also initiate steps to clear the stored cargo from berths 2 and 8, it was decided by the trustees. KoPT has already proposed an emergency tender process for evacuation of the cargo from the berths. This proposal was resolved and approved by the trustees.The tender committee has been directed to renegotiate the rate with the L1 bidder which happens to be J M Baxi and Co.\"The three-member committee will also work out a detailed arrangement on royalty payment to KoPT by handling agents and other issues by October 19. It was also resolved to go in for mechanization of all berths at HDC through tender process by placing Mobile Harbour Cranes (MHCs). The process to mechanize berth 4B had already been initiated by the management with two MHCs from HBT. The process had to be put on the back-burner due to the crisis that developed. In fact, there are doubts that HBT got worried when KoPT revealed its plans to mechanize the other berths at HDC,\" the source added.While HBT officials remained tightlipped on the matter, CEO Gurpreet Malhi made it clear on Friday that the company has no plans to reinstate the 275 workers it had retrenched some time ago. Labour unions in Haldia have made it clear that HBT won't be allowed to resume operations at the two berths unless the workers are reinstated.\"We are not considering reinstatement of the workers. HBT reiterates that should future contracts be awarded to HBT, it would on a 'need to' basis consider employing the required personnel with the right skills,\" Malhi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16792236", "title": "3 attack youth outside disco", "text": "LUDHIANA: The ugly face of Chandigarh's nightlife came to the fore again outside Tao, a discotheque, in Sector 26 on Wednesday night. Three tipsy youths attacked Natish Kumar, 23, a student of Shri Guru Gobind Singh College, Sector 26, outside the disco over a fight over some girls in the disco around 1.15am on Wednesday night. A sharp-edged weapon was also used in the attack. The main assailant, Amrinder Singh, a student of DAV College in Sector 10, has been arrested and his medical examination confirmed the presence of alcohol in his body.Another assailant has been identified as Harpreet Singh alias Manni, while the identity of the third assailant is yet to be established. The reason behind the attack was harassment of two girls in the disco, who were dancing with Natish. Eyewitnesses said two girls had entered the discotheque along with Amrinder but later they started dancing with Natish, which made Amrinder angry and he pulled one of the girls towards himself, which was objected to by Natish. There were heated arguments between Amrinder and Natish and then Amrinder asked him to come outside the disco. Meanwhile, the bouncers intervened too and asked them both to leave the place. Amrinder then called two of his associates.In his statement to the police, the injured Natish maintained that Amrinder had pulled one of the girls dancing with him towards himself and when he objected to this, he asked him to step outside the disco. When he came out, Amrinder along with two of his associates attacked him, Natish said. A sword too was used in the attack, he added.Natish was taken to Government Multi-Speciality Hospital in Sector 16 in a police vehicle and was discharged from the hospital in the wee hours of Thursday.Anokh Singh, SHO of Sector 26 police station, said two registration numbers of cars of the other two assailants were provided to them passersby and raids are being conducted to nab the two absconding assailants. Amrinder, however, claimed that he was not involved in the attack and that Natish was attacked by his two associates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16794490", "title": "10 killed in suicide attack in northwest Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least 10 people were killed on Saturday when a suspected suicide bomber targeted an office of a pro-government milita in the restive Darra Adam Khel region of northwest Pakistan, police officials said.A powerful explosion ripped through the office of the \"aman committee\" or militia in the central market of Darra Adam Khel.Police officials said they believed that the office had been hit by a suicide bomber.At least 10 people were killed and several others injured in the attack, police officials were quoted as saying by TV news channels.The wound were rushed to a nearby hospital. No other details were immediately available.No group claimed responsibility for the incident.The banned Pakistani Taliban had a strong presence in the Darra Adam Khel region till the army launched an operation to flush them out of the area in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16792354", "title": "Roach in food, restaurant closed", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After KFC, the licence of one more prominent restaurant in the city was suspended on Friday. Customers found cockroaches in the dish served to them at Hotel Sindhoor, functioning at Vazhuthacaud and informed the food safety authority. The food safety officials inspected the restaurant and found that it was functioning in unhygienic conditions and asked the management to close the eatery.According to food safety commissioner in-charge Anil Kumar, the complaint was registered by a government employee Uma Maheswari through the authority's toll free number. She is the Confidential Assistant to the Tourism Secretary at the Secretariat. She said that she had gone to the restaurant with her daughter to have lunch. Her daughter ordered fried rice while she ordered fish curry meals for herself along with a dish a prawn. She alleged that the cockroaches were found in the prawn dish.When she complained, the restaurant authorities tried to appease her by offering to replace the dish, she told in her complaint. The mobile vigilance team of the food safety authority that inspected the restaurant found the complaint genuine.\"The kitchen of the restaurant was completely unhygienic,\" said food safety officer A Satheesh Kumar.He said that cockroaches, cats and rats were found in the kitchen. The box in which dried chilly was kept was also filled with cockroaches. Meat and vegetables were stored together in the freezer. The contents in the freezer also turned stale, he said. He also said that the team visited the sister concern of the restaurant that functioned at Kowdiar where they detected some minor hygienic problems, they could not find any grave instance of callousness there. However, they have issued a notice to the management of the restaurant to improve the facilities there.Meanwhile, the food safety authority officials also said that they would kick start the second phase of state-wide raids from Monday. At least 50 teams will be operative in the state on each day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16790844", "title": "Cover properly to keep at malaria at bay: Experts", "text": "BHOPAL: Mosquitoes in your neighbourhood might have developed resistance, but it might be going undetected. The district malaria office (DMO) says it is short of staff and hence cannot carry out any conclusive studies. Experts say cover yourself the traditional way to prevent the disease by saving oneself from mosquito bite.\"Posts of about 30 field workers are vacant,\" explained DMO Dr Padmakar Tripathi. They are responsible for malaria treatment, slide collection and door-to-door survey.The DMO is also short of 'mosquito collectors' whose role is to examine type of mosquitoes prevailing in a particular area and suggest use of repellents.The DMO for the past three years has also been trying to impress the medical colleges in the city to carry out studies on mosquitoes developing resistance. \"We have offered use of out laboratory for the purpose,\" said Dr Tripathi.\"Drug resistant mosquitoes need to be monitored,\" said regional medical and research laboratory ( RMRL) director Dr Neeru Singh.Medical journal Lancet says that the problem can assume serious proportions in India, where close to 100 crore Indians are at the risk of the disease.Most of the DMO staff has been pressed in other sundry work by the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16792287", "title": "Acid attack accused held", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A month after the acid attack incident in Sector 22, the UT police on Friday arrested an uncle of the victim, Sahil of Sector 37.The accused has been identified as Bhupinder Singh , an associate of Sandeep Rana, prime accused in the case. DSP (Central) Ashish Kapoor said call details of the accused revealed that he was informing Rana about the police moves in order to protect him. Bhupinder will be produced in the district court on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16790861", "title": "National commission for women slams police for inaction in Rewa incident", "text": "BHOPAL: The national commission for women (NCW) slammed the state police for inaction in a case pertaining to the Rewa liquor mafia and said that without police protection it was impossible for the accused not to be arrested by now. She also described the administration as 'lax.'On Thursday, the national commission for women (NCW) member Dr Charu Wali Khanna visited Gangev village of Mangawa Tehsil, 55 kms away from Rewa district headquarters where liquor mafia had attacked a religious gathering allegedly with swords, sticks and stones and had thrown acid, boiling oil on women.The incident happened on August 18 this year.Talking to TOI, Khanna said, \"Pure case of liquor mafia working in tandem with the police as without their protection, how could they be still absconding? It is ironic that the police are yet to make any arrests for attacking those women who had helped them seize illicit liquor worth crores.\"On August 18, during a religious function organised by Bhagwati Manav Kalyan Sangathan where Durga Chalisa was being recited, around 60-70 men attacked the gathering with swords, stones and acid. They even threw boiling oil from the utensils present there for cooking food.The police were alerted by the organisation members but by the time they arrived, the criminals were absconding. The prime accused in the matter were named as Mantu Singh, Antu Singh, Gajendra Singh, Sangam Singh and Rajendra Patel.The Sangathan was very active in helping the police in seizing illicit liquor and other narcotics including 'ganja.'They had helped seize three cartons of illicit liquor from Kindrav village on the morning of August 14 and then later during the day 48 quarters of liquor, which prompted the mafia to attack them on August 18.The police registered cases under sections 147 (rioting), 148 (rioting, armed with deadly weapon), 453 (house-trespass or house-breaking, 395 (dacoity) and 397 (robbery, or dacoity, with attempt to cause death or grievous hurt) but any arrests in the case are yet to be made.Khanna said, \"Two women Maharjua Gupta (70) and Suman Singh (42) have sustained almost 80 % burns. Their condition is very critical. They have no medical or financial aid. Very tacky kind of treatment is being given to them in the burn ward of the Sanjay Gandhi Hospital\". She lambasted the police stating their stance as 'very casual' and probably 'hand-in-glove' with the liquor mafia.\"The police are saying that it was an accident even though a case was registered.The other women of the organisation are receiving threats not just on phone but also in person.They should be given protection, she said.\"I will submit the report of the incident and the commission will recommend for strict action against the accused,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789350", "title": "Fresh bid to widen Mithi river", "text": "MUMBAI: Another phase of rock-blasting began at Mahim Causeway on Friday near the mouth of the river that opens into the sea as a part of the widening and deepening of Mithi river and restoring its natural slope towards the sea to ensure better tidal movement during floods. The series of rock-blasting, started in the second phase of the river-deepening project, will see removal of around 15000 cubic metres of rock.The project has been undertaken after the July 26, 2005, floods but has not seen completion yet. Earlier, there was a controversy over extra de-silting and rock-blasting in the river towards its BKC stretch as it was alleged that the river had lost its natural slope towards the sea due to that. According to sources the new phase will now ensure that a natural slope is restored creating more holding and carrying capacity.State chief secretary Jayantkumar Banthia and MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana visited the Mithi to see the rock-blasting, the safety measures taken for the work and the overall progress of the widening and deepening works. The river carries muck and sewage.The team visited various critical spots on the Mithi especially behind the MMRDA office in BKC, CST bridge near Kalina, Kranti Nagar near the airport and the hilly area behind Ambani School. \"Banthia expressed satisfaction over the work after the Central Water and Power Research Station (CWPRS), Pune, told him the water-holding capacity and water-carrying capacity of the Mithi had doubled and tripled respectively owing to the work undertaken in the last few years,\" said an MMRDA press release.P K Das and Associates, architect and consultant, also proposed BKC-Mithi integration on the lines of the Carter Road seafront restoration and redevelopment. The proposal made to the MMRDA suggested various forms to bring life to the BKC area which otherwise goes dead once the offices shut down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16791343", "title": "Engineering student commits suicide", "text": "KANPUR: A BTech II year student of Bhabha Institute of Technology in Kanpur Dehat district, allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself in her hostel room on Friday evening.The police identified the student as Surabhi Srivastava, a resident of Kanpur city.According to reports the incident came to light after the girl did not respond to repeated knocking on her door. Later, the institute authorities apprised the Shivli police station. The cops rushed to the institute and discovered girls body hanging from the ceiling.Additional SP, Ram Kishun said the police is trying to ascertain the facts that led the girl to take such an extreme step. Further investigations are underway.The police further said that the girl's parents have been apprised about the incident.A senior police official said that the police will question her batchmates and the institute authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16792370", "title": "Actor-producer held for shooting at realtor", "text": "CHENNAI: A 36-year-old Tamil film producer-actor was arrested on Friday for shooting at real estate dealer L Manikumar in Maduravoyal on Wednesday.'Minnal' D Antony, who has produced and acted in the yet-to-be released 'Muyal' and 'Yathi', was nabbed at the Poonamallee checkpost by a team led by Anna Nagar deputy commissioner of police Prem Anand Sinha while trying to flee to Bangalore. He had been hiding in Puducherry for some time, a police officer said. A country-made pistol and some bullets were seized from the native of Kulasekarapatinam in Tirunelveli who, during questioning, said he shot at Manikumar due to enmity. Joint commissioner of police (East Chennai) V A Ravikumar said they cornered the accused based on the statement of Manikumar, who is still in hospital.On Wednesday last, Antony, who lives near the house of Manikumar's friend in Krishna Nagar, Maduravoyal, returned home early and saw Manikumar there. He asked Manikumar to leave immediately. And altercation ensued and Antony pulled out a country-made gun and opened fire. Manikumar took a bullet in his abdomen and collapsed. Thinking he was dead, Antony fled. \"Some residents and a security guard saw the two quarreling on the road and we have recorded their statements,\" Ravikumar said.Based on Antony's confession statement, police said the two belonged to neighbouring villages in Tuticorin district where Manikumar allegedly cheated a few villagers. After a group of village heads forced him to return the money to the villagers, Manikumar suspected Antony had organised the villagers against him.In Chennai, police said, Antony stayed close to where several of Manikumar's friends lived. Manikumar visited them frequently and Antony suspected his 'rival' was plotting something against him. Against this background, Antony was perturbed when he saw Manikumar near his house on Wednesday, police said.Antony was earlier involved in the murder of 'Katta' Durai, leader of a caste-based organisation, at an STD booth in Egmore in 2001 along with slain gangster Venkatesa Pannaiyar and 'Rocket' Raja, an investigation officer said.Koyambedu assistant commissioner of police R Srinivasan said, \"Antony is also a former functionary of actor-politician Sarathkumar's Samathuva Makkal Katchi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791225", "title": "Govt feels no pain for common man: Arun Jaitley", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Friday slammed the government over price rise, saying any relief for the common man would be possible only after the ouster of the UPA regime. Speaking at a rally organized by the party's women's wing, senior leader Arun Jaitley said the government felt no pain for the common man.\"There is no feeling in the government's heart for the common man. It seems this government has no heart -- it is a heartless government. They cannot feel the pain of the common man and society,\" Jaitley said.Leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj said relief for the common man could come only after the UPA government went, and added that it would fall after the winter session of Parliament. \"Relief will come only when you get rid of this government. As I said, that time is coming,\" Swaraj said.\"Their biggest ally Mamata Banerjee has left them. Others are ready to leave. The government won't last after the winter session. The Lok Sabha elections are at the door. Push this government out for once and afterwards, we will give you a government that will bring relief,\" she added.The BJP leaders criticized the government for the recent price hikes, including that of diesel, LPG cylinders and raise in electricity tariff.\"Every sister here is wondering if she should buy gas or two square meals. The government has to think about how a family of four or five can survive on six cylinders (of LPG a year). They are not aware of the ground reality,\" Jaitley said, attacking the recent cap on supply of subsidized LPG to six cylinders per family a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16790212", "title": "Akshaya Mohanty music centre at Ravenshaw still a pipe dream", "text": "CUTTACK: Even after four years of the signing of memorandum to set up a centre for contemporary music in Ravenshaw university in collaboration with Akshaya Mohanty foundation to popularize the music of legendary singer Akshaya Mohanty among youths, the project is yet to see the light of day.In 2008, it was envisaged that the centre would be named after the legendary singer late Akshaya Mohanty, and that his songs would be digitalized and a special music library would be set up. It was even touted that the library would be one of its kind in the state, which would be exclusively devoted towards contemporary music. Apart from this, students would also have access to western, Chinese, Japanese and Mongoloid contemporary music in the library. Plans to start diploma degree course in music, produce music albums of Akshaya Mohanty's popular songs were also put forth. It was also decided that the centre would promote folk music among the youths and identify and it would help to identify and encourage hidden talents in the state . The project was expected to be set up at an initial cost of Rs 1 crore, but none of the plans materialized.Apart from collecting a few songs of Akshaya Mohanty, the university authorities have done nothing in the last four years, alleged the students.\"The ambitious project was meant to fulfill the dreams of the legendary singer, who wanted to set up a similar centre in his lifetime. A lot of planning had been done, but everything remained on pen and paper. Nothing was done to give shape to the project,\" said an official of the university.The delay in the project has also received flak from the student community.\"We thought the centre of contemporary music would be an appropriate tribute to the legendary singer, but due to the lackadaisical approach of the university authorities the project is yet to start,\" said Snigdha Patra, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16791748", "title": "Trader escapes kidnap bid", "text": "MANGALORE: Quick thinking by a businessman helped him escape from the clutches of his kidnappers near Kinnigoli near here on Friday.Cyprian D'Souza, a timber merchant and real estate businessman, was returning home after dropping his children to school when the incident took place.According to the complaint lodged at Mulky police, Cyprian stated that he was waylaid by four persons in an Omni near his house. One of them them got into his vehicle and asked him for his cellphone. When he was talking to the man, two more persons slipped inside his vehicle and of them pointed a gun at him.Suspecting that this might be a kidnapping attempt, Cyprian bolted out of the vehicle and started shouting for help. The three persons inside his vehicle, between 28-30 years, fled when they saw people running towards Cyprian. Sources said the businessman had received threat calls for money on earlier occasions.The accused fled with their vehicle towards Kinnigoli, Cyprian told police. He says that he does not recognize any of the alleged kidnappers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16790410", "title": "One more dengue case reported at Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital , bringing total to 9", "text": "COIMBATORE: One more person infected with dengue has been admitted at the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital on Friday. With this, a total of nine dengue cases have been reported in the last two weeks at the hospital. The victims include four children.On Friday, Kannadasan (42), a resident of Sundarapuram was admitted at CMCH. According to hospital authorities, he was undergoing treatment at a private hospital following a fever and cough. However, the fever did not subside and lab reports confirmed he had dengue. He was transferred to CMCH for treatment.The nine cases reported at the hospital recently include Subramaniam (22) from Perundurai, Muthukalai (32) from Palani, Rajkumar (16) from Tirupur, Balaji(21) from Cuddalore, Praveen (5months) from Erode, Baushilk (4 months), Ayeshma (11) from Mettupalayam, Jeeva(5) from Palladam and Pandu (8) from Palani were undergoing treatment at the hospital. Some have been reportedly discharged, according to hospital sources.Resident medical officer P Sivaprakasam said the hospital is equipped to take any number of cases. He said that the number of cases have come down, and the few that they get are mostly from outside the city.The dengue infection causes a spectrum of illnesses ranging from mild to high fever, which often goes up to 104-105 degrees fahrenheit. There may be severe headaches, retro-orbital pain (behind the eye) and joint and muscle pains. A flat, bright red rash may appear first on the lower limbs and the chest and it spreads to cover most of the body during the early stage. A second rash, measles-like in appearance, appears later. There may also be gastritis with some combination of associated abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting or diarrhoea.He said infected people may have increased skin sensitivity and are very uncomfortable. Some cases develop milder symptoms, which can, when no rash is present, be misdiagnosed as flu or some other viral infection. Generally, younger children have a milder illness than older children and adults.Sivaprakasam said both dengue causing vectors, aedes aegypti and aedes albopictus, breed in clear water. The best way to prevent dengue fever is to take special precautions, avoiding contact with mosquitoes. Using personal protection like mosquito repellent on skin and clothing, wearing long-sleeved shirts and long pants etc will help prevent mosquito bites. Mosquito abatement programs may reduce the risk of infection, but vaccination is the only sure method of prevention.He advised the elimination of mosquito breeding sites around homes. Discard items like buckets, tyres, food cans etc that can collect rain water, he advised. Water in bird baths should be regularly changed, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791744", "title": "Four held for stealing suitcases at railway station", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel on Friday arrested four thieves involved in stealing suitcases of passengers. About two suitcases and five mobile phones were recovered from them.According to reports, as the GRP personnel were on their routine patrolling on the Allahabad railway junction, they found suspicious activities on the rear end of platform number 1 of the railway junction. Leading the GRP personnel, sub-inspector Shambu Dayal Maurya was successful in capturing the four criminals who were trying to run away from the platform.The arrested persons were identified as Aas Mohammad, resident of Ghoorpur of Moradabad district, Hasi Mohammad and S Ahmad. The fourth person who was arrested was identified as Mushtaq Ahmad, resident of Shivkuti of Allahabad city.Talking to TOI, inspector of GRP Tripurarai Pandey informed that these persons were involved in looting passengers and taking away their belongings. One of the recovered suitcase belonged to a constable of ITBP whose suitcase was lost some days back in the train.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16789477", "title": "Road to Narvem temple crumbles", "text": "BICHOLIM: The main road which proceeds to the Saptakoteshwar temple at Narvem has been damaged on its left side and at least 10m of a retaining wall running alongside this road has collapsed.If its deterioration is allowed to continue, locals say there is a possibility of the entire road caving in, putting lives of motorists and pedestrians at risk.This road had initially started developing cracks on its left side. The cracks remained unnoticed for three days until the left side of the road collapsed. The retaining wall also collapsed later. Prakash Bhate, a local, said \"If the road is not repaired then it may certainly turn out to be a death trap for commuters.\"This matter was brought to the notice of Narvem sarpanch Pratishtha Mishal by locals and taking the note of it, the sarpanch brought this matter to the notice of the PWD requesting it to undertake the road repairs as soon as possible.\"I have already informed this matter to the PWD requesting them to undertake the repair of the road as soon as possible,\" said Mishal.Deputy speaker and local MLA Anant Shet, who has also been informed about the bad condition of this road, visited the site and later directed PWD officials to undertake the road repairs on priority basis.Two months ago, a landslide took place on the main road near the Saptakoteshwar temple and a big portion of mud went into the nearby lake. No repairs were undertaken by the department concerned. \"I have directed the PWD department to undertake the repairs of this road as early as possible,\" said Shet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16789444", "title": "Rajesh Kumar is new erna police inspector", "text": "VASCO: A police inspector (PI) was finally deputed to Verna police station almost 20 days after the suspension of PI Edwin Colaco.PI Rajesh Kumar took charge of the police station on Friday. Kumar served as PI at Mapusa police station and Canacona police station and was posted at the Dabolim airport in-charge of immigration police before taking charge of Verna police.TOI had reported in its edition dated October 12 that the Verna police station's functioning had been severely hampered without the presence of a PI. Colaco was suspended on the instructions of director general of police Kishan Kumar for non-registration of two theft cases.Nuvem MLA and Goa Vikas Party chief Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco, when asked about this, said it was the duty of the home department to look into the matter.The police station was being looked after by two PSIs, Arjun Sangodkar and Anand Shirodkar over the last three weeks, sources said.Probes into the Paes murder case, thefts, rapes, cheating and other similar cases were also hampered without the presence of a PI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794053", "title": "Mahesh Thakur to don Raja Janak\u2019s avatar", "text": "Toi.com consistently kept our readers updated on Life OK's Ram Leela, Ajay Devgn Ke Saath and also wrote about the weekly having bollywood faces like Rajneesh Duggal and Richa Pallod to essay Ram and Sita respectively.The latest we hear is, once again a Bollywood face which is equally famous on small screen is set to essay Raja Janak. To do justice to the character, the makers (Wizcraft International) have roped in Mahesh Thakur for this respective role.Mahesh Thakur through various shows like Sasural Genda Phool, Shararat, Tu Tu Main Main to name a few has become a household name. Therefore this actor was perfectly fit for role of Sita's father.All our efforts to reach Mahesh Thakur were futile.On the other hand we too hear that this weekly will air for only 5 days starting from 21st October.Keep glued to the space for more exclusive stuff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16790935", "title": "Muda will elicit suggestions on Master Plan-2013 at meet", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda) will hold a two-day meet to get feedback from various stakeholders for the draft proposals contained in Master Plan-2031.The meet, scheduled for October 17 and 18 at Rani Bahadur auditorium in Manasa Gangotri, is to consult with public, heads of various government departments/ agencies and experts in Institution of Engineers (India), Credai, Indian Institute of Architects and Mysore Chamber of Commerce &amp; Industry.Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath on Friday said that the feedback will help them fine-tune the proposals and effectively implement the Master Plan. The urban body has received feedback from around 1,000 persons and organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16790289", "title": "A device to create power when you climb stairs", "text": "BANGALORE: Heard of a device that generates electricity when you climb the steps? If you think the idea is mind-boggling, wait till you hear about the inventor: an 11-year-old girl from Hosur.Varsshini Ramesh is a Class VI student from Mount Litera Zee School and will showcase her project at the state-level Braincafe Budding Scientist Contest 2012, which is on Saturday at Insight Academy, Konanakunte.The model created by Varsshini, under her mentor Salma S, who's a coach of Braincafe, showcases a railway station where thousands of people use the stairs. This model takes advantage of this everyday phenomenon, wherein, a Peizo Electric Material is attached to all the stairs. This material converts any force or strain on it into electrical energy. A few of these materials are also attached to LED. The LED will glow when pressure or force is applied to it.The electrical energy generated through this can be used on platforms and display devices at railway stations. This can be replicated at places where people make use of stairs. \"I first got to hear about Peizo Electric Material when I saw my mother light the stove. I used to wonder how it's done, so I asked everyone around and from there the idea developed,\" she explained.Varsshini said electronics has been her passion since Class 1. \"I love science because there is a lot of electronics in it. My father used to conduct projects like open-door censors and I used to love being with him. I want to become an electronic scientist,\" says the beaming 11-year-old.BrainCafe Budding Scientist Contest is an annual science competition that provides students a unique platform to showcase their ability to apply scientific principles and create applicable models.Over 9,000 students from across India will participate in the national hunt this year. The finals will be held in Mumbai in November.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16792270", "title": "Ramleela: Women \u2018shy away\u2019 from negative roles", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Have you ever seen a woman performing the roles of Shoorpanakha, Tadika or Kakayi in Ramleela - shouting, jumping across the stage, giving loud expressions? As they shy away from performing such characters, the roles are falling in male actors' kitty.Dinesh Singh, 20, has been participating in Ramleelas for four years now. \"From the beginning, I have been playing negative characters. The role of women with negative shades requires much energy and loud expressions. Girls fail to perform such characters with aplomb. I often play the roles of Tadika and Shoorpanakha.\"\"These are scary roles and one has to give weird expressions as the character demands. Girls do not feel comfortable performing their parts and so, men get to essay these,\" said Rahul Mishra, another Ramleela actor who will play the role of Tadika this time.Lalit Arya, 26, too, will act as Tadika. \"I will be participating in the epic presentation for the first time. It's a challenge for a male actor to perform women roles. And their negative roles demand much hard work, stamina and a strong voice.\"So, why aren't girls giving such roles a try? Mukesh Sharma, director of a Ramleela, said, \"In our group, girls play the main female characters as they want to essay a positive role. And the negative roles require an actor to emerge from the crowd, run across and perform with loud gestures and eyes wide open... girls cannot perform such roles with conviction.\"\"Girls prefer performing main roles to the side ones, whereas men are ready to play multiple characters,\" directors added. Monu, a male actor who will play Sumitra, said, \"Women have started participating in the epic show, but our society is not yet ready to see them jump and shout. That's the reason why girls avoid performing women characters with negative streaks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16792147", "title": "Scam-hit minority finance corporation MD shifted", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yielding to the growing public outrage over the AP State Minority Finance Corporation scam, chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Friday transferred its vice-chairman and managing director Mohammed Ilyas Rizvi with immediate effect.Sources in the CMO said that since investigation into the multicrore scam by the CID was underway , the chief minister has decided not give any fresh posting to Rizvi. Meanwhile, a high drama was played out at the Haj House where the SMFC is located with TV channels reporting the alleged escape attempt of Rizvi with some files related to the scam and his imminent arrest. Later, Rizvi claimed that the files put in his car were his personal ones and TV channels raised a false alarm. But, minority welfare department secretary M Dana Kishore said that the files had some official documents that would be scrutinised. Police sources said no complaint has been lodged against Rizvi.According to some persons present at the Hajj House, Rizvi's car was loaded with files in the afternoon which raised suspicion. Dana Kishore who had returned to SMFC after the lunch-break , ordered that the files be taken back to the office. An altercation reportedly ensued between the MD and the secretary after which Rizvi drove off on a scooter. Rizvi, a 1985 batch officer of Indian Forest Services, has been serving the corporation since July 1, 2008. Kishore while interacting with the media said, \"I came to know that he was transferred. What was brought into the office was a bag containing personal belongings of Rizvi.\" When TOI contacted Rizvi , he maintained that the files he was carrying were personal files. \"It was I who brought to notice of the government the illegal withdrawal of fixed deposits. There is no need for me to take away anything from the office which does not belong to me or run away,\" he said. Even as several groups, including the Osmania University Minority Students Organisation, held protests before the Haj House demanding stringent action against the culprits , the government suspended Liyakhat Ali, general manager, and Syed Ahmed Ali, accounts officer of the corporation.In the meantime, the CID sought police custody of the four accused in the scam in which over 54 crore were siphoned off from the Vijaya Bank account of the SMFC. The sixth additional chief metropolitan magistrate at Nampally court posted the matter for hearing on Monday. The officials of MWD carried out inspections at two minority educational institutions in the city--Greenfort College in Bandlaguda and Azad College Lower Tank Bund, Ashok Nagar\u2014on suspicion of procedural irregularities in their accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16791108", "title": "Lord Yama spices up Mo novel in atheist China", "text": "BEIJING: Atheist China's only Nobel Prize winning author Mo Yan has been using Hindu-Buddhist ideas like reincarnation and god of death Lord Yama since his first novel Red Sorghum in 1987. Debauchery and cannibalism also feature in his novels.\"Decadence and debauchery in post-Mao China find a scathing satirist in the author of the lauded Red Sorghum, as he waxes meta-fictional in this savage, hallucinatory farce,\" the Publishers' Weekly said reviewing his novel, The Republic of Wine. The Nobel Committee also praised his works for \"hallucinatory realism\".This novel discusses a banquet thrown in honour of an official investigating report of cannibalism by a minister in an imaginary province called Liquorland. The menu includes a roasted baby. A horrified inspector tries to arrest, but ends up hitting the \"dish\" and splattering it. Chinese experts say Mo manages to expose the shady side of Chinese officialdom through sly use of folklore characters instead of taking government head on.\"He is not a rebel. He manages to play along with the establishment. But he shows independent thinking in his writing,\" Raymond Zhao, an editor with China Daily, said. In a letter to the China Writers' Association, Communist Party's top propaganda official Li Changchun said the win reflected \"flourishing improvements in Chinese literature\".Some critics said Mo was too close to the government as he is a Communist Party member and vice chairman of the writers' association. Dissident artist Ai Weiwei said Mo \"will always stand on the side of power\". Mo hit back at his critics saying his books had exposed him \"to great risks\".Mo hoped the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize winner Liu Xiaobo , in jail for three years, will be released soon. \"I hope he can gain freedom as early as possible,\" Mo told reporters. He said he read Liu's early literary work, but did not understand his later political works.Liu was sentenced to 11 years in prison in 2009 for co-authoring a call to end single-party rule and enact democratic reforms titled Charter 08 of the Chinese constitution.Criticism of the government surfaces in Mo's novel, Live and death are wearing me out, where a benevolent landowner is put to death during Mao Zedong's 1948 land reform movement. His soul is tortured in the underworld by Lord Yama, who tries to force him to confess his guilt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16791201", "title": "E-raksha campaign to check cyber crime", "text": "BOKARO: The police department has selected Chinmaya Vidyalaya here to host e-raksha campaign after the school became a victim of cyber crime. Some months ago, cyber criminals had hacked the official website of the school, which was the first case of its kind to be lodged with Sector VI police station in the city.On Thursday, IG, operation and special branch, S N Pradhan asked students to be smart and responsible while surfing the internet as the cyber world is fascinating but there are dangers lurking behind the internet. Pradhan along with the chief technical officer of special branch, Vineet Kumar created awareness on dangers of cyber world and precautions to be taken to safeguard themselves from becoming victims of cyber crime. Hundreds of students from 15 different schools were present at Chinmaya Vidyalaya.The function was organised during the launch of e-raksha campaign of the Cyber Defense Research Centre (CDRC), special branch under the aegis of Jharkhand Police. Apart from Pradhan, IG, North Chhotanagpur zone, M L Meena, DIG, Coal Belt, Laxman Prasad Singh and SP, Bokaro, Kuldeep Dwivedi were also present. Pradhan, while addressing the students said, \"If you are using internet, you can become a victim of cyber crime. The police have come to the school to warn you about the evils of internet. It is time to be alert and smart in opening e-mail account and browsing web\".Vineet discussed various case studies and asked students to be careful in opening email accounts. Don't create passwords of less than eight characters and remix alphabets, numericals and symbols. Change passwords of your email, facebook accounts at least once in every six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16788994", "title": "CAG inspection report validates charges against Khurshid's trust", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law minister Salman Khurshid's defence of his wife Louise \u2014 whose charitable trust is at the centre of a controversy for embezzlement of public money \u2014 has run into a wall with an inspection report of the comptroller and auditor general (CAG) validating allegations of misappropriation of funds meant for the differently-abled.The inspection report prepared as part of the federal auditor's scrutiny into the implementation of centrally-sponsored schemes for the disabled, said expenses claimed to have been incurred by the Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust, registered at 4 Gulmohar Avenue in New Delhi's Jamia Nagar, were bogus. It also said that contrary to its claims, the trust did not organize relief camps or distribute tricycles and hearing aids among the differently-abled.The CAG said the invoice documents submitted by Khurshid's trust showed that the purchase of tricycles and hearing aids allegedly distributed among the physically challenged happened after the camps had been held. While the purchases were made in July 2010, the camps were held in January-March 2010.Louise Khurshid, the trust's project director, sought to downplay the findings. \"The document is merely an excerpt from an initial internal inspection report which seeks from the ministry of social justice and empowerment certain clarifications,\" she said.She added that the auditor had not questioned any of the functionaries of the trust, maintaining that there was no misappropriation of funds. \"All appropriate documentation including proof of camps, all beneficiary lists and utilization certificate, duly audited, have been duly submitted,\" she said.On Wednesday, in a signed statement, Louise had claimed that her trust had conducted 17 camps during the period in question and had distributed more than 2,353 hearing aids and tricycles to people with disabilities. This, she said, could be verified from the UP government whom she had approached for an enquiry.The CAG's inspection report also rapped the UP government and Union ministry of social justice for failing to scrutinize the information furnished by the trust relating to holding of camps and distribution of aids and appliances and, in fact, suggested that a grant of Rs 71.5 lakh be recovered from the trust. It pulled up the ministry for releasing an additional grant of Rs 68.25 lakh in March 2011 without verifying the earlier spending.It cited reports of UP district collectors where the scheme was supposed to have been implemented, the Union ministry of social justice and the findings of its own inspectors to conclude that the trust made fake claims that it distributed centrally-provided appliances and aids among the differently-abled in 17 UP districts.The report will be fodder for anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal who, along with his colleague Manish Sisodia, courted arrest with several differently-abled people protesting against the \"scam''. The activists had planned to walk up to the PM's residence at 7 Race Course Road but were stopped and detained by Delhi Police.Kejriwal and his colleagues are demanding Khurshid's resignation and his wife's arrest. \"The person who should be behind bars is outside free and those who are protesting against corruption are being detained. We will continue to stay in jail...if Khurshid continues in Cabinet, he is so powerful that he can tamper with the evidence,'' Kejriwal said after his detention.Khurshid, in an interview from London , had described the activists as \"guttersnipes'', and has begun legal proceedings against a TV channel which aired the allegations. The TV channel stood its ground, and said it had enough evidence to back up its report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791841", "title": "Mobile application to apply for voter ID", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites will soon be able to apply for their voter ID through cellphone . The election office is working on a special mobile application that will allow cell users to register their names without visiting the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16792222", "title": "\u2018Tryst\u2019 on Facebook turns into nightmare", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was a pleasant rendezvous on a social networking site that reportedly ended in a nightmare for a 28-year-old youth of Mandi Gobindgarh.Sukhwinder Garg (name changed) was found unconscious in a Sector 18 hotel room on Thursday night. A waiter who found him in the condition raised the alarm, following which he was rushed to Government Multi-specialty Hospital (GMH), Sector 16.Sources in police said, \"Sukhwinder had come in contact with a girl on Facebook some days ago. As they became friendlier, she asked him to meet her in the city. When he reached Chandigarh, she took him to the hotel, after booking a room for six hours.\"SHO of Sector 19 police station inspector Harjeet Kaur said, \"The girl's face was covered when she checked into the hotel along with the victim around 5pm. After sometime, she gave him an intoxicant-laced drink and escaped with his cash and valuables around 8.30pm.\"A soft drink bottle has been recovered from the spot. Though the youth's purse was in his pocket, cash and his gold chain were missing.When TOI contacted Sukhwinder in the hospital, he was not in a position to talk. His condition is stated to be stable. A DDR has been registered at Sector 19 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16783684", "title": "Bollywood stars to promote films at Navratri events", "text": "Trade pundits might say nothing sells like Bollywood and its sizzling stars. But there's a different story unfolding in garba venues across Gujarat. The shining stars who come at a steep price (just for an appearance lasting a few minutes) just don't make now wise business plan for Navrarti event organizers.  Last year when Ranbir Kapoor promoted Rockstar at a popular club during Navratri, thousands of eager fans waited for hours just to catch a glimpse of him. But there's more to it than what meets the eye. For making a special appearance during Navratri, B-Town stars charge anything between 10-50 lakhs in addition to his/her first class ticket, PR manager's ticket and a luxurious stay. The economics of a starry appearance at Navratri event works only when they come as part of film promotion. No wonder, the movie magic is not working this time.Rajat Sogani, president of an event management company which organises Navratri events, feels that organizers are no longer interested in inviting filmy celebs. He says, \"Quality events don't require celebs to attract footfalls. A celeb presence many times spoils the fun as it diverts the attention from the event itself. High security cost coupled with steep celeb fee (Ranging from `25-40 lakhs) just don't work well.\"Even as organizers fight shy of making such investments , they are keen if stars are willing to make appearances as part of their movie promotional activity. Jaydeep Mehta, an event organizer says, \"It is more viable if organizers only have to look after a star's travel and hospitality cost but not the appearance fee.\" Interestingly, sometimes if a star comes to Gujarat as part of their movie promotions, the organizers do not even have to pay for the ticket! But this works only if the producer shells out the funds. Last year, stars like Dino Morea and Neha Dhupia were in Vadodara but this year telly stars will do the rounds.But those of you who love your share of star sprinkling during Navratri need not be disappointed. This Navratri, we have B-Town stars like Preity Zinta coming to Gujarat to promote Ishkq in Paris. Music composer Aadesh Srivastav is organizing a gala charitable event in Surat for which he has plans to rope in none other than Big B. Interestingly reports also suggest that the mega star Salman Khan might also visit Ahmedabad for a charity garba event.With inputs from Navya Malini and Soumitra Das", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790285", "title": "Trinamool councillors mob police station", "text": "KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress councillors of Kharagpur Municipal Corporation mobbed Kharagpur police station on Friday, demanding the release of an anti-social who was held on murder charge on Thursday.Police said that Venkat Rao alias Prosad and three of his associates - Sonu Mishra, Sonu Shankar and Mahesh Sharma - were arrested on Thursday night in connection with the murder of businessman Radheshyam Gupta. Gupta was killed near the DIG bungalow on August 25.\"We have been probing the case for quite some time and were led to the accused on Thursday. All of them belong to Srinu Naidu's gang, which is known for notorious activities in the area,\" said police sources. Three pistols, a knife and six rounds of cartridges were also seized from the miscreants. who was rounded by the police in connection with the murder of businessman Radheshyam Gupta who was killed near the DIG bungalow two months ago.Gupta was murdered on August 25 this year. Probing the case, the Kharagpur police on Thursday night arrested four persons - Sonu Mishra, Sonu Shankar, Mahesh Sharma and Venkat Rao alias prosad.Prosad was earlier arrested last month in another case. However he was released on bail. The police have also seized three one shutter pistol, six round of cartridge and one knife.On getting to know of Prosad's arrest, Trinamool town president Debasis Chowdhury along with some councillors and other leaders went to the police station and demonstrated to set Prosad free. stayed there till 2am, demanding to let prosad free.They alleged that since the special operation team of police was had beenformed, innocent people were being beaten up. This also led to an altercation between the police and the councillors. However, superintendent of police, Sunil Chowdhury said that Prosad could not be released. He added that Prosad was arrested last month for murder, but released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16790983", "title": "BJP seeks probe into OBC certificate to speaker's wife", "text": "IMPHAL: The BJP has demanded a high-level probe into the issuance of an OBC certificate to Thokchom Nivedita Devi, wife of Manipur assembly speaker Thokchom Lokeshore Singh.Through the OBC certificate, Nivedita is currently serving as under secretary at the Manipur assembly secretariat. She is also the daughter of former MLA, late Navakumar Singh.Following an RTI application filed by an activist, it has been revealed that the OBC certificate issued by the Imphal East district administration and signed by Additional Deputy Commissioner said Nivedita and her family (probably with her mother) resides in Imphal East and she doesn't belong to the creamy layer of the society.State BJP president S Shantikumar Sharma Sharma said the BJP sought for an inquiry into the matter to establish whether a woman whose husband holds a high Constitutional post can obtain an OBC certificate.The BJP leader said the dignity of the high post of Speaker has virtually been tarnished by this incident. \"If the Imphal East district officials involved in issuing the certificate are found guilty, stringent action should be taken against them,\" he demanded.This is nothing but a manifestation of the Congress government's high level corruption, favoritism and nepotism as well an insult to the public especially the highly qualified job seekers, Sharma rued.Sharma also expressed serious concern over the silence of the related departments, like the vigilance, for not investigating into such a highly-controversial matter.Interestingly, in the OBC certificate dated April 1, 2011, the prefix put on Nivedita's name is 'Ku' which stands for Kumari, meaning unmarried woman, though she had been married to Lokeshore in 2008, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791919", "title": "Sundar, Saran duel in focus at Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The battle for supremacy in the premier Formula LGB 4 category is hotting up between leader Ashwin Sundar (Dark Don Racing) and Saran Vikram (Mars Racing) with just 25 points separating the two with four races remaining in the JK Tyre-FMSCI National racing championship.While Sundar (111 points) will look to build on his lead in the fifth round to be held at the MMST race track over the weekend, the Chennai lad faces stiff competition from long-time rival Vikram (86 points) and Bangalore driver Sudarshan Rao (Rayo Racing, 78 points) who are both breathing down his neck.\"My preparation has been good and testing went on well today. I'm looking forward to the races. I know it's going to be tough, but I'm mentally and physically ready for the challenge,\" Sundar told TOI on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16789958", "title": "Governor asks for list of Bangalore University senior deans", "text": "BANGALORE: Governor HR Bhardwaj on Friday sought a list of senior Bangalore University deans, indicating a possible and immediate replacement for existing vice-chancellor N Prabhu Dev, who has been offered another government post.Varsity registrar BC Mylarappa confirmed receipt of the letter and said he replied within 4pm on Friday. \"We have sent a list with six names - N Rangaswamy (finance officer), Mohan Kumar, Ramachandra Gowda, Vijay Kumar P (engineering), Subhramanya TR (law) and MS Talwar (education),\" Mylarappa said.As per the Karnataka State Universities Act, the senior-most dean will be the acting vice-chancellor till a new VC is appointed.On his part, the VC will call on the governor who is also chancellor of all universities, on Saturday morning. Confirming this, he said: \"I am meeting him tomorrow. But it's not to submit my papers, it's to consult with him on what is to be done. I will take a decision only after that.\"The VC, a cardiologist, was offered the chairmanship of Karnataka Health System Commission (KHSC) amid speculation that the post was created only for him. Prabhu Dev's term will get over in February 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16792323", "title": "Pay up or vacate property, govt tells Trivandrum Tennis Club, tennis club", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: After the Golf Club, the state government has now initiated action to takeover the Trivandrum Tennis Club, established by the Travancore royal family. A huge lease default incurred by the club, situated on 4.7 acres of land in the heart of the capital, has triggered the government action.The government, in an order (GO (MS) No-380/2012/RD) issued on Tuesday, has asked the club either to clear the lease default of Rs 6.5 crore or to surrender the property to the Kerala State Land Bank. The government order was issued after hearing the contentions of the club, which had submitted a petition before the government to reconsider the district collector's notice to clear the dues.\"The district collector shall proceed with steps for adopting all mandatory provisions of rules to realize the defaulted lease rent arrears in full, with immediate effect. In case of non-clearance of defaulted arrears, the land shall be resumed and added to the land bank, under intimation to the government,\" the order said.The arguments of the club were turned down by the government on several grounds by invoking the relevant rules. Also, the land revenue commissioner has been ordered to inquire about the club sub-leasing a portion of the land to a petrol pump. According to government rules, the lease holder cannot sub-lease the land given to it and the government can cancel the lease if the rules are found to be violated. \"The alienation of some area of the leased land by the petitioner club to a petrol pump is a matter of serious concern for the government,\" the order said.The government had given the land to the club on a 25-year lease in 1950. The lease was renewed for another 50 years in 1975 under the 'Kuthakappattom' rules. However, in the meantime, the 'Kuthakappattom' rules was replaced by the Assignment of Land Within Municipal and Corporation Areas Rules, 1995. The lease rates were fixed according to the new rules which pegged the amount at 10% of the market value of the land for non-commercial purposes and 20% of the market value for commercial purposes. As the market price of the land with the Tennis Club rose steeply, the lease amount also multiplied.The district collector had served a notice to the club in 2001 asking it to settle the lease arrears immediately. Following this, the club petitioned the land revenue commissioner against the collector's notice. But the plea was rejected since the club had not submitted a fresh proposal in time under the 1995 rules to renew the lease amount.The government order is based on the club's review petition which was submitted to the government against the land revenue commissioner's decision.The order also says that since the club is a charitable entity registered under the Travancore-Cochin Literary Scientific and Charitable Societies Registration Act, 1955, and the land was given for it only for the promotion of the sport event, it should run on a no-loss no-profit basis. \"The annual report of the club indicate that the petitioner club is adopting lucrative way of amassing wealth by utilizing the government land and without paying any lease rent to the government,\" the order said.The club, besides charging hefty membership fee, is also running a bar and a full-fledged canteen which takes orders for parties and banquets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16791846", "title": "Study punches holes in suicide prevention methods", "text": "The suicide prevention measures in the country need to be rethought if the growing incidence of people ending their lives has to be reigned in, according to a new study.Published in the journal Social Science &amp; Medicine last week, the study contends that suicide is not just a fallout of an underlying psychological disorder; it should, in fact, be seen as a standalone mental health problem.\"Experts think that treating mental disorders will automatically end suicidal tendencies in a patient. But that may be going off track. We have to accept that we are not reaching out to individuals who are perfectly normal and yet harbour suicidal tendencies ,\" said Dr Shubhangi Parkar, the study's principal author and head of psychiatry at KEM Hospital.The other authors were Balkrishna Nagarsekar from Child Adolescent Mental Health Service, Australia, and Mitchell Weiss from Swiss Tropical and Public Health Institute, Switzerland.For the study, interviews were held with near and distant relatives-and , in cases, friends-of people who took their lives in Malwani between 1997 and 2003. One objective was to examine the roles of psychological and social conditions in suicides.According to the respondents , lack of education and poor economic status played a big role in the suicides. Marital problem too was perceived as a major causethough it was cited mostly by the in-laws and other relatives rather than the spouse of the victim. Married women, the study found, were at a higher risk of committing suicide than men; most women feared being deserted.In 90% of the cases, behavioural problems such as substance abuse, particularly alcoholism , were identified as big reasons for the victim's distress. Mental disorders and emotional issues were found in 88% cases, while conflicts with parents, in-laws and spouse was recorded in 86% of the instances. More than half the deceased were found to be victims of physical or verbal abuse. Parkar said it is vital to integrate deaddiction methods with suicide prevention programmes.The study pointed out an unhealthy trend of hesitation in seeking help. Only two of the 50 people who died in Malwani during the study period had approached a mental health expert; one patient had sought help from an ayurveda practitioner and another from an herbal expert.Parkar maintained that suicides currently re looked at only from a demographic point of view, and the perceived causes such as unemployment and marital issues are seldom questioned . \"Mental health professions concerned with suicide prevention typically focus on the role of high-risk psychiatric disorders. While that approach may not be entirely wrong, it cannot be the only way to reduce suicides,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16792144", "title": "How do you deal with healthy but ferocious dogs?", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Friday asked the BBMP to file an affidavit regarding methods to be adopted to deal with 'healthy but ferocious' dogs which attack human beings.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen adjourned the hearing on a batch of PILs and a writ appeal filed on behalf of the Lokayukta relating to stray dogs. The counsel for BBMP submitted that the civic authority is ready to file an affidavit explaining the methodology . This was in response to a query from the court , especially regarding dogs which are healthy but attack humans due to their ferocious attitude.A senior BBMP official informed the court that 90%-95 % of dog bites in the city were on account of provocation by children or adults. He also said on most occasions, poor children are victims as their parents fail to accompany them. The civic authority has been carrying out awareness campaigns since June 15. He further pointed out that offering of food items by visitors to Cubbon Park has led to an increase in the canine population there.While a petitioner claimed that some provisions , particularly Section 7 of the Animal Birth Control (Dogs) Rules, 2001 are unworkable , others said the rule cannot override the KMC Act or PCA Act. The Lokayukta has challenged a single bench directive of December 14, 2006 wherein the authorities were asked to follow Animal Birth Control (Dogs) Rules, 2001. A division bench admitted the appeal on June 19, 2008 and said the state government is at liberty to take appropriate action as per the Lokayukta's recommendation of March 6, 2003 with regard to stray dogs in Bangalore.Compassion Unlimited Plus Action had challenged the Lokayukta report seeking expunction of some remarks against it. The single bench had allowed the plea. In its report, the Lokayukta directed the corporation to perform its duty of destroying stray and ownerless dogs in Bangalore and also specifically asked the BBMP commissioner to get the stray dogs (not taxed) summarily destroyed .The report also directed for appointing a government officer to oversee it.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Friday ordered issuance of notice to the state as well as the central government and the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board in response to a suo motu PIL over the endosulfan problem affecting people of Dakshina Kannada and Udupi. The bench has treated a letter written by Justice KL Manjunath, senior HC judge, as a suo motu PIL. Advocate Vaishali Hegde was appointed as amicus curiae to assist the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16791454", "title": "How about player fines going in the back pockets of the umpires?", "text": "MUMBAI: Nadeem Ghauri and Anees Siddiqui of Pakistan, Nadir Shah of Bangladesh and Gamini Dissanayake, Maurice Winston and Sagara Gallage of Sri Lanka , may have engaged in the ultimate misdemeanour by a cricket umpire by passing on sensitive information to book-makers. According to a sting operation conducted by India TV, they were even willing to go further and fix matches and favour certain teams during decision making. The incident has thus brought the spotlight back on the payments than an umpire receives.An Elite Umpire approximately gets paid $3,000 + Travel, Accom/food, expenses per Test and $850 + Travel, Accom/food, expenses per ODI. Compare that to what the players make and you can understand why the umpires succumbed to temptation. It must be noted here that all the umpires mentioned above aren't elite umpires.In an era where player fees and endorsement deals have gone through the roof and the ICC as well as cricket boards around the world make truckloads of money through in-stadia advertising and TV rights deals, wouldn't it be wise to increase the money paid to the guys who brave tough weather conditions and make the tough decisions? It must be noted here that the umpires are also gentlemen who are under immense scrutiny because of the impact their decisions have on an encounter.While innovation hasn't exactly been a virtue of the ICC despite the presence of several committees, it certainly doesn't need a rocket scientist to make the umpiring a more lucrative career. Apart from increasing the money paid to them per match, they could also think of awarding the money that goes into the ICC kitty through player and captains' fines, to the on-field umpires.Look at the fines incurred by players for each offence. A Level 1 breach of conduct earns a player a fine of 0 to 50% of his match fee. A Level 2 offence sees him incur a penalty of between 50 to 100%. While that may seem to be chickenfeed for an established player, it's not the case for an on-field umpire. After all, it's the umpires who report breaches in code of conduct by the players. It's the umpires who enforce the law and it's the umpires who are the custodians of the so-called spirit of the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791889", "title": "Vice-chancellor leaves, Madras University headless", "text": "CHENNAI: Even as G Thiruvasagam, who served as the vice-chancellor of the University of Madras for the last three years, vacated office on Friday, there was none to step in to take charge of the 150-year-old university. This could result in major financial decisions being put off and faculty appointments to be postponed, academics felt.To select a new VC, a three-member committee comprising was appointed a month ago, with former vice-chancellor of the Tamil Nadu Dr Ambedkar Law University T Audiseshan as the head, director of faculty of science and humanities at SRM University R Balasubramaniam as the syndicate nominee and former vice-chancellor of the University of Madras S Sathikh as the senate nominee.\"The next VC will have his own ideas to work on. The university provides good quality education. My suggestion to the next VC is that he should focus on helping youth apply their knowledge and help improve the university's facilities and give a good atmosphere for learning,\" Thiruvasagam said.The selection of a new VC is, however, likely to get delayed because of a court case against the nomination of a member to the VC selection committee. Orders are still awaited on a court case against permission granted to three proxy members to cast their votes in selecting syndicate representative R Balasubramaniam of SRM University to the VC selection committee.Sources said that this is likely to delay the meeting of the three members and thereby the VC selection.Meanwhile, the university syndicate is set to meet on Wednesday to select a panel of three or five members for the convenor's committee to take charge of administrative affairs of the university. The panel is usually headed by the higher education secretary.Academics said that it's not good for the university to function without a head. The convenors' committee is only an interim arrangement, and the government should take steps to expedite the VC appointment process, academics said.\"The convenors' committee has the power to take decisions, but not everybody will be on the same page and important matters may be put off,\" said Association of University Teachers general secretary P S Prabhakar.Academics said that there is also the risk of each member of the committee becoming a power centre if there is too much delay in appointing a new vice-chancellor.In the early 1990s when there was a similar delay in the appointment of a new vice-chancellor, the then convenors' committee was in charge of the University of Madras for nearly one-and-a-half years. Academics say it wasn't the best of times in the history of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789587", "title": "Centre cites 1988 law, warns SGPC on memorial", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid concerns over the move to build a memorial inside the Golden Temple for the `martyrs' of Operation Blue Star, the Centre decided to draw Punjab government's attention to an existing law \u2014 that prohibits misuse of religious institutions in any manner - to maintain social harmony.The decision was taken after several discussions among various agencies were held in the past one week over pros and cons of constructing the memorial.Though the central team, which visited Amritsar and Chandigarh early this week for consultations with local civil and police administration over the issue, was told that the new structure inside the Golden Temple would be a 'gurudwara', the home ministry does not appear to take any risk.\"We want to remind the state government as well as the Shiromani Gurudwara Parbhandhak Committee (SGPC) about the provisions of the Religious Institutions (Prevention of Misuse) Act, 1988, that prohibits any act which promotes or attempt to promote disharmony or feeling of enmity, hatred or ill-will in society,\" said a senior home ministry official.He said, \"The onus of misuse, if any, squarely falls on the SGPC if it allows the memorial to be erected to glorify those who took law into their hands and killed many innocent people\".The 1988 central legislation, which was enacted to maintain sanctity of religious places and to prevent their misuse for political, criminal, subversive or communal purposes, has a provision of punishment (imprisonment up to five years with fine), if the managers of the religious institutions violates the law by misusing the premises. This law extends to the entire country except Jammu &amp; Kashmir.The central team was also informed by the state authorities that no name or photograph of any person, who was killed during Operation Blue Star by the Army, would be written on any wall of the proposed `gurudwara'.The team had visited Punjab only after the Lt-Gen (retired) K S Brar, who escaped an assassination bid by suspected Khalistani militants in London on September 30, questioned the Centre's silence over the issue last week.Brar's remarks had triggered a debate with even a section within the government expressing their concerns over the possible repercussion of housing such a memorial inside the Golden Temple. They viewed it as an attempt by some hardliners to revive bitter memory of the militancy in the 1980s among the GenNext.The construction of the 18-feet memorial, which is coming up near Akal Takht \u2014 the supreme temporal seat of the Sikhs \u2014 inside the Golden Temple, is expected to be completed before June 6, 2013 \u2014 the next anniversary of Operation Blue Star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789806", "title": "India needs to do more for its wildlife, says Deepak Dalal", "text": "PUNE: Wildlife author Deepak Dalal on Friday said while the US was doing a commendable job protecting wildlife, India has yet to achieve a lot in terms of its wildlife.Dalal was addressing an auditorium packed with more than 150 schoolchildren from 80 city-based schools at the Times NIE Newsmakers Meet.A question-answer session with Dalal showed the inquisitive side of city's children. They seemed intrigued by the profession of journalism and showed concern about the country's dwindling wildlife-facets.A student wished to know what measures children could adopt to protect tigers. Dalal suggested that creating awareness about the dwindling tiger population, its causes and possible solutions could be one way children can help. \"Children cannot be put on the frontline alongside poachers to protect tigers. They can, however, raise awareness amongst their peers and citizens about what is happening to the wildlife in India and measures that can be adopted to protect them,\" said Dalal.Answering a question on the possible comparison between wildlife protection in India and that in the US, Dalal said, \"When it comes to taking care of wildlife, the US has had a far worse history than India. This, however, was 100 years ago when several species were wiped off the planet as they were settling down. Now, people of the US are more educated and feel proud of their wildlife. What happened in the US 100 years ago is now happening in India, which still has a long way to go in preserving its wildlife.\"Dalal also said that in the event of animals attacking villagers, 99% of attacks were results of people encroaching into forests. \"Wild animals rarely come out of the wild to attack people. It is only when people trespass into the forest that animals attack. Also, animals do not attack people for food,\" he said.\"Who should be blamed for encroachments in forests?\" asked one student.\"Population growth is part of the problem. Population has crossed more than seven billion in the last 50 years. The growing population needs resources, including land. This is when humans encroach upon animal space. It is then that the space reserved for animals is encroached upon. Another reason is human greed. Animals are hunted and killed to satiate various human needs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791773", "title": "Aphro Trust MD, aide arrested in Bangalore", "text": "CHENNAI: Central crime branch sleuths have arrested I P Yesudoss, 40, managing director of Aphro Trust which is accused of cheating several people after taking money on the promise of getting them bank loans. Police also arrested a woman, his close aide, from the same house in Bangalore.Yesudoss, a resident of Kolathur, and S Devi, 36, of Ennore, were brought to Chennai on Friday morning. They were remanded in judicial custody on Friday evening.Yesudoss had been in hiding after CCB police registered a case against Aphro Trust and arrested four staff members \u2014 A Rajesh, 35, of Manali, Yesudoss's elder brother P Selvadurai, 38, of Kolathur, R Gabriel, 25, of Kolathur, and N Agasthianathan, 32, of Katapadi on July 25 this year.CCB police had issued a lookout circular against Yesudoss for violation of RBI guidelines and collecting money after offering people bank loans. All airports were alerted to prevent Yesudoss from leaving the country. Investigators earlier froze 14 accounts operated by Yesudoss and other trust members in three private banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16789913", "title": "Stir over exam cancellation", "text": "CUTTACK: Hundreds of examinees on Friday blocked the Cuttack-Chandikhole road after a written examination for the post of jail warder was cancelled without prior information. Over 1,200 aspirants from six districts were scheduled to take the examination for 108 posts lying vacant under Choudwar Circle Jail. None of them had any information about the cancellation. The Choudwar jail authorities said new dates would be announced soon. tnn\"As 1,200 aspirants descended on OSAP (Battalion) office for the test, the authorities told us that the examination has been cancelled. We were shocked,\" said Kaushalya Mohanty, who came to the city for the examination.\"It is unfair to cancel the test at the last moment. To make it worse, the authorities are not telling us the reason for the change in schedule,\" said Shyam Sundar Barik, another aspirant.Irked at the development, examinees staged protests for nearly an hour and also blocked the road, affecting traffic movement in the area.The examination was scheduled to begin from Friday and end on October 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16791222", "title": "First batch of pilgrims leave for Jeddah", "text": "INDORE: The first batch of 230 pilgrims for haj left for Jeddah by an AirIndia flight from Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport, here on Friday afternoon. The second batch comprising 230 hajis are lilkey to fly early Saturday morning.Indore haj committee president Farooque Raeen said \"The maiden flight from the city this year was late by a few hours, All hajis, boarded the flight. The second flight is scheduled to leave at 3.20 am on Saturday.\"Several political personalities including MLA Ramesh Mendola along with the chairman of state minority commission, Anwar Mohammad and member of the commission Trilochan Singh Vasu were present at the airport to see off the pilgrims. Nine batches of hajis are scheduled to leave for Jeddah in six days. Each batch will comprise of 230 hajis, and the last flight will leave the city on October 17.Raeen also informed that the hajis have reached Indore from nearby towns like Dhar, Khargone, Ujjain, Khandwa and are camping here. The inaugural flight was mostly of hajis from Indore. The camp in Sadar Bazar at Al-Shifa hospital has been housing the pilgrims, where they were also run medical fitness tests.The oldest haji to board the flight on Friday was an 85-year-old Usman Gani, while youngest pilgrim was 3-year-old Usma Jamil Ansari.Out of the nearly 4000 hajis leaving for Haj from M P around 2000 hajis will board their flights from Indore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16791312", "title": "Madhya Pradesh amends tourism policy to attract investors", "text": "INDORE: The Madhya Pradesh government, after granting tourism sector the status of industry, has amended the tourism policy so as to make it more investor friendly. As per the new policy, 25% capital subsidy will be provided for renovation of a heritage property.The subsidy will be provided only on completion of one year of service, that too in those cases only where the property has been awarded heritage hotel status by the HRACC (Hotel &amp; Restaurant Classification Committee). Evaluation of subsidy will be done by a committee comprising representatives of the department of archaeology and tourism. Interestingly, technical knowhow to the owners of heritage properties shall be provided free of cost by the tourism department.Talking to ToI, Raghavendra Singh, managing director, Madhya Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation ( MPTDC), said, \"Currently, we are busy renovating heritage hotels irrespective whether they are in the private or public sector. We have got seven state-owned and 20 privately-owned heritage hotels which are undergoing renovation. Also, we have decided to provide free technical support for budget hotels.\"The state will also promote construction of budget hotels at places of religious and tourist importance that are declared by the state government and offer capital subsidies. The budget hotels on land provided by MPSTDC from their land bank will be entitled to 10% capital subsidy, subject to a maximum ceiling of Rs 50 lakh.Moreover, 50% subsidy on the upset price of land shall also be provided. Similarly, budget hotels on privately owned land will be entitled to 20% capital subsidy subject to a maximum ceiling of Rs 50 lakh. However, subsidy will be available only when the budget hotel has a minimum of 50 rooms and the tariff of each room does not exceed Rs 2000 per day.In case of new hotels and resorts on selected tourist destinations, where appropriate tourist facilities are yet to be developed will also be offered capital subsidy, said Singh. On investment of Rs 3 crore, 25% subsidy subject to a maximum ceiling of Rs 75 lakh and a maximum of Rs 1 crore. On investment of more than Rs 5 crore, 15% subsidy will be provided, said Singh.Moreover, the department has decided to identify and notify the areas with huge tourism potential as 'special tourism zones (STZ)'. The state government will develop infrastructure in such zones through convergence. Besides, public private partnership modules will be encouraged for the new tourism projects, added he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16792430", "title": "Tired khaki brigade", "text": "CHENNAI: Life has become a bundle of stress for policemen, thanks to shortage of manpower and hectic schedules. Chennai needs about 28,000 policemen on duty but has only 18,000, 4,000 short of even the sanctioned strength of 22,000.This means that there is only one officer for every 370 residents. In Delhi, there is a policeman for every 200 citizens ; in Mumbai it is one for every 267 people. The Tamil Nadu Uniformed Services Recruitment Board on Friday announced that 13,320 candidates have cleared written exams, but by the time the final selection through physical tests and training get over, the demand would have gone up.The ones on duty sweat it out day and night to address the issues of the nearly seven million population, shuttling between law and order issues and providing security for VIPs. About 20% of the personnel work as drivers and are involved in administrative work in offices of senior cops.Not everyone has the mental makeup or the physical stamina to withstand the stress and many end up falling sick. There have been seevral recent incidents of police officers passing out after working for long hours. It is impossible to police a city with 18,000 cops, says a senior police officer . \"If there's a major political event or a VIP visit, a good number of policemen are deployed on bandobust duty, which affects night rounds and other crime-prevention measures ,\" he says. The staff crunch worsens as one goes down the ranks. An inspector attached to a north Chennai station says that personnel manning the stations regularly put in long hours. \"Apart from attending every case that is registered, they have to do night shifts,\" he says. It is well-known that the city police work much longer than eighthour shifts. It can vary from 12 to 18 hours a day, depending on the exigencies . It can extend up to 24 hours if the situation demands it, says the officer. Police personnel start the day at 7am when they attend a roll call. \"They have three shifts - 7am to 1pm, 1pm to 9pm and 8pm to 7am. But the shortage of personnel has forced them to put in extra hours,\" says another officer. At busy police stations like the one in Ayanavaram, the sanctioned strength is 45, but there are only 33 people on the rolls. In the MKB Nagar range, though the sanctioned strength is 202, there are only 172. In Triplicane, the sanctioned strength is 300, but there are only 220 on duty. Women officers are the most affected as they get home late and start the day by 7am. \"I can see my children only when they are sleeping,\" says a woman sub-inspector on bandobust duty near Cathedral Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16790115", "title": "E-waste management plan not yet evolved in Noida", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority is yet to evolve a plan of action for management of electronic waste in the city despite two months of the notification of 'final guidelines' related to implementation of E-Waste Rules, 2011. The guidelines, notified by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), contain a set of rules for urban municipal authorities for handling e-waste.As per the guidelines, urban municipal bodies like Noida are required to put in place a system to segregate and collect e-waste from municipal solid waste and send the segregated part to authorized collection centres or dismantlers and recyclers.Officials at the regional office of Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board (UPPCB) say that harmful effects from toxic components in electronic waste materials is greater in Noida as it is one of those cities which generates a huge quantum of e-waste. UPPCB officials also allege that Noida Authority has not reverted on multiple communications made to them for implementation of e-waste rules.\"At present, there are five e-waste dismantlers in Noida and Greater Noida. They have tied up with several companies elsewhere for recycling,\" said a UPPCB official.In addition, recycling of electronic waste being a lucrative trade, several companies are also eyeing Noida to provide sufficient material for their plants. \"A number of recyclers also want to directly lift e-waste from collection centres, but they cannot do this till the Authority establishes a proper collection system,\" added the official.The guidelines entail upon the Authority to set up their own collection points at solid waste disposal sites, public places, residential localities, etc and to connect these to the authorized collection centres or dismantlers.The CPCB, which has put the final guidelines in place recently, had announced the E-waste (Management and Handling) Rules in April, 2011. The rules came into force exactly a year later in May 2012. \"All local municipal authorities were expected to take adequate steps for e-waste management since April 2011, when the rules were announced,\" said a CPCB official.Noida Authority also has to ensure that e-waste generated from 'non-branded' electrical and electronic equipment reaches authorized collection centres or dismantlers. While bulk producers under branded categories will have to set up collection centres of their own, Noida Authority has to collect e-waste generated from products of those companies which have shut operations now.\"Bulk producers in the district have also been notified to set up collection centres,\" said the UPPCB official.Authority officials said that plans are afoot to evolve a proper system for proper management of e-waste. \"The matter was taken up for discussion last week during a meeting of the Authority on managing plastic waste,\" said Karan Singh Chauhan, DCEO (Health). \"The Authority will abide by all rules of the state government and the central government,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789783", "title": "Teachers stage hunger strike on Pune University campus", "text": "PUNE: Members of the Pune University and College Teachers' Organisation (Pucto) have demanded that the university administration should not act under pressure from the state government for the removal of the statute 424-C, which provides for encashment of earned leave (EL) at the time of retirement of teachers.The controversial statute was among the key issues that came up for discussion during a meeting between a delegation of Pucto and UoP vice-chancellor W N Gade on Friday evening after the teachers staged a day-long token hunger strike in support of their long-pending demands.A proposal seeking deletion of statute 424-C from the UoP statutes is expected to come up for approval by the university senate, which will meet on Saturday. On the eve of the meeting, Pucto members staged their protest while raising a 10-point charter of demands.The vexed issue of exemption from NET/SET qualification for teachers appointed between April 1991 and September 1999; probe into the alleged irregularities in admissions through the varsity's international students' centre, between 2002 and 2007; speeding up of the process to finalise the sixth pay commission salaries by affiliated colleges; probe into irregularities in assignment of local inquiry committees and re-investigation of the class IV recruitment scam are some of the demands.Speaking to TOI, a senate member, who did not wish to be named, said, \"The varsity administration has claimed that it is under pressure from the state department of higher and technical education to get the statute 424-C removed. We are insisting that it is the sole discretion of the senate to retain or remove the statute. The UoP should convey to the government that the senate's call shall be final on the matter.\"It may be noted, the state government, as a policy matter, has stopped extending the encashment of EL benefit to teachers at the time of retirement. The UoP is the only university in the state which continues to have a statute that provides for leave encashment as a retirement benefit while the other state universities have deleted such statute. In the past, attempt to get the statute deleted have been opposed by the senate members and the matter has since been hanging fire.On the issue of NET/SET exemption, Gade assured Pucto members , the state government was yet to give its green signal to the approval of appointment of non-NET/SET qualified teachers between 1991 and 1999.\"The teachers are insisting that it is the university's call to approve these appointments,\" the senate member said. Gade has assured the members that he will study the action taken by other state universities over the next one week and take a call on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789667", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation plans four night shelters for the homeless", "text": "PUNE: The standing committee of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will take a call on the tender to build four night shelters in the city, at a meeting on Tuesday. The civic administration has identified four locations to develop the shelters. The state government, following Supreme Court (SC) directives, had urged the civic bodies to create night shelters for the homeless in their jurisdictions.Night shelters or dormitories are meant for those who sleep on roads, footpaths, bus stands and railway stations.There will be separate sections for men, women and children. The civic body will make provisions for beds, buckets and soaps and a place to keep belongings. There will be proper fire safety and first aid provisions in the shelters, which will be run by NGOs on behalf of the PMC.\"The tender of around Rs 84 lakh has been floated. The contractor will have to do construction and also maintain the shelters, which are planned in Tadiwala Road, Bopodi, Sangamwadi and Aundh areas,\" states the proposal tabled before the committee.As per the norms, the PMC has to build one shelter for every 1 lakh population and hence the civic body had planned 38 night shelters, each with a capacity to accommodate 100 people. However, with the Census report showing 1,454 homeless people in the city, the civic body has decided to construct 16 shelters.\"These shelters will be exclusively for homeless people. The PMC has identified 16 locations and to start with, four shelters will be constructed,\" said a PMC official.The central government will fund the project under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM). The civic body has to start the project and later claim the funds from the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16790278", "title": "Media persons assaulted in college", "text": "A group of media persons was assaulted when they went to a private engineering college at Suri to cover an agitation. According to a complaint lodged by the media persons at Suri police station, a group of students damaged their cameras, snatched their mobile phones and drove them out of the campus. The complainants met SP Rishiksh Meena and demanded immediate arrest. tnnon Friday when they went to the campus of a private engineering college at Suri to cover some incident. According to a complaint lodged with Suri police station a group of students damaged the camera and snatched mobile phones from the media-persons and assaulted them. The media persons were forced to leave the campus. The snatched materials were not recovered till the evening. The media persons met the superintendent of police , Rishikesh Meena and demanded arrest of the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16791076", "title": "Race for dams may trigger water disputes between India, China", "text": "GUWAHATI: Despite the prevailing calm along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Arunachal Pradesh since the end of India-China war in 1962, anxiety still prevails among the people of Arunachal. However, the apprehension is not about another impending war, but this time it is about the dam-building spree on both sides of the LAC.While over 100 large and small hydroelectric projects were being planned in almost all the tributaries of Brahmaputra in Arunachal Pradesh, it is believed that China also has similar plans on the river which originates from Jima Yangzong glacier of Mount Kailash in Tibet. Brahmaputra in Tibet is called Yarlung Tsangpo. China had earlier announced construction of a 1.2 billion dollar run-of-the-river hydroelectric power project known as Zangmu dam on Yarlung Tsangpo. Strategic analysts here said that as China has plan to exploit the water resources of Yarlung Tsangpo in a big way, India needs to be well-prepared to assert its rights over Brahmaputra in Arunachal Pradesh.\"Water of Brahmaputra remains a major concern for India and China. To my view the future dispute between the two countries will be on water. Both the countries should sort out the differences on exploiting water resources amicably before the dispute reaches a flashpoint,\" said Ashokanand Singhal, president of Jana Jagriti, a Guwahati-based NGO spearheading against China's hydro-projects on Yarlung Tsangpo. Last year Jana Jagriti came out with coordinates and maps of China's purported plan to construct hydroelectric projects and water reservoirs on the river.Singhal is a votary of India's plan to tap water resources of Brahmaputra in Arunachal Pradesh, saying that the country needs to establish user rights over the river before China goes full steam ahead.Of the 100-odd projects in Arunachal Pradesh, 13 are planned in Tawang alone, the birthplace of VIth Dalai Lama. China claims Tawang as southern extension of Tibet.People of Tawang, who predominantly belong to Monpa tribe, have opposed the hydroelectric project as they claimed many of the projects were located in Buddhist sacred sites. Save Mon Region Federation (SMRF), a Tawang-based NGO, said that the discontent caused by the proposed projects would only benefit China which has not yet given up its claim over Tawang.Even as China denied any plan to divert water from Yarlung Tsangpo last year, strategic analysts here are of the view that India should go ahead with hydroelectric project constructions in Brahmaputra's major tributaries to counter China's similar move. They said that the hydroelectric dams on Brahmaputra tributaries should be looked as strategic projects.In 2010, during a public consultation on dams here, the former environment minister Jairam Ramesh said that construction of dams in major tributaries of Brahmaputra is necessary for India to have a \"negotiating position\" with China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790456", "title": "Nobel windfall for Kolkata's 'exclusive' Mo Yan", "text": "KOLKATA: Long before 'De Aderton'- the 18-member jury of the Swedish Academy - discovered Guan Moye and decided to confer the Nobel Prize on him, Kolkata's Naveen Kishore had beaten them to it. Kishore, publisher of the city-headquartered Seagull Books, commissioned Guan, who goes by his pseudonym Mo Yan, to write a novella as part of Seagull's 'What Was Communism' series on the 20th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall in 2009. The novella, 'Change', sold about 800 copies worldwide in the last three years. But over the last 24 hours, publishers from across the globe have started calling Seagull for copies. Seagull will now bring out a paperback edition.'Change', over which Seagull holds exclusive global rights, is an autobiographical narrative. \"It is rip-roaringly funny and poignant, witty and slapstick and looks at changes in China's political and social scenarios over the past few decades,\" Seagull's Sohini Dey told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16791073", "title": "Truck hits college bus, one dies", "text": "VARANASI: One student of an engineering institution was killed and over 20 others were injured when a truck hit the college bus in Mirzamurad area on Friday. The irate mob of locals blocked the highway for hours and torched two trucks, four motorcycles and a police jeep after the police used force to disperse the gathering. The injured persons were admitted to the hospital.According to reports, the mishap occurred when a loaded truck hit the bus on its rear side. The severity of collision could be understood when the bus took a turn and collided with a boundary wall of a college.A student, Amit Patel (19) died on the spot while several others, including teachers, were injured. The injured persons were rushed to the hospital where condition of four was stated to be critical.Witnessing the collision, locals rushed to the site for rescue. They also blocked the road. The mob turned irate when police tried to disperse them using force. Blocking the GT Road, they indulged in brickbatting.They also set two trucks, a police jeep and four motorcycles ablaze. Some policemen also sustained injuries in brickbatting. Later, additional police force was called to bring the situation under control. The traffic remained affected on the highway for more than four hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789488", "title": "Pune police's intelligence gathering is poor", "text": "PUNE: A series of terror acts in the city over the last few years has exposed the poor intelligence gathering of the Pune police. The two visits of US terror suspect David Coleman Headley in 2008-09, the German Bakery blast in February 2010, the attempt to plant a bomb near the Dagdusheth Halwai Ganesh temple in 2010, IM operatives renting a flat at Kasarwadi to prepare the bombs used for the August 1, 2012 J M road blasts - in all these cases the police had no clue about the developments.Except for offering logistic support to the national and the state ATS in the J M road blasts case, the Pune police were unaware of the arrests and whereabouts of the accused till the news was flashed by the media on Thursday.While the police have accused the national investigating agencies of not keeping them in the loop, state ATS officials admitted that there is a serious lack of co-ordination between the investigating agencies. \"There are directions from the home ministry that all agencies should co-ordinate and share intelligence inputs, but the national agencies do not share important information with us,\" a senior police officer told TOI.\"The manpower crunch in the force further aggravates our problems and often our officers find it difficult to focus on the investigations in such cases,\" he added.However, another senior police officer admitted that \"coordination\" between the agencies was not the only issue hampering investigations. \"We should have developed our own intelligence gathering network at the city level. Such efforts have been made in the past but have not yielded desired results,\" he said.He said the Pune police had attempted to build its own network on terror activities in 1986, soon after General Arunkumar Vaidya was assassinated on August 10 of that year. However, the cell was disbanded as it could only collect information relating to the Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI).\"In 2008 the cell was revived but was dissolved as the cell members could not furnish vital information on terror activities. In 2010 the Pune anti-terrorist cell was formed but it has yet to prove its usefulness. The cell only provided logistic support to the national investigating agencies,\" the officer told TOI.Another police officer said, \"Earlier, even our special branch used to gather useful intelligence inputs. Sadly now, its focus is restricted to political movements, VVIP visits, routine law and order problems and issues pertaining to foreigners.\"The officer said that the police also have a special cell, dedicated to monitor the movements of SIMI members. \"But the cell failed to get inputs about SIMI member Mohsin Chowdhary who was developing links with Yasin Bhatkal, involved in a string of terror acts in the country. The police got wind of Chowdhary's nefarious activities after a police team from Gujarat reached Pune in 2008. By the time the police thought of arresting Chowdhary, he went absconding and continues to evade arrest till date. He is now involved in the German Bakery blast and several other cases,\" the officer said.The crime branch conducts parallel investigations in serious and complicated cases and was investigating the August 1 J M road serial blasts case before it was transferred to the state ATS.A senior crime branch officer said, \"We provided all the logistic support to the ATS. We collected footage from over 1,400 CCTVs from across the city and analysed around 2 lakh cell phone call details, but the ATS kept us in the dark about the information collected after screening the CCTV footage. On top of that, the establishments which provided us with the hard disks of the footage are after us, asking us to return these disks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794114", "title": "A chance to be international student of the year", "text": "Indian students who wish to pursue higher education abroad have an opportunity to earn a sponsorship of 5,00,000 and chance to meet filmmaker Karan Johar . Making this possible is FedEx Express' recently launched 'FedEx International Student of the Year' campaign in association with the upcoming SOTY produced by Dharma Productions and Red Chillies Entertainment.The campaign also provides a counseling session from United States-India Educational Foundation (USIEF) for ten shortlisted students.The campaign is aimed at invoking the competitive spirit among students to earn a sponsorship, thus easing the pressure to arrange funds. The filmis based on a similar theme, which highlights the spirit of competition in life. \"This made the film an ideal choice for the association to launch the campaign,\" said a representative of the company. Students who wish to apply to foreign universities can compete for the sponsorship by participating in the campaign and shipping at least one international university application through FedEx. To participate in the campaign, students can go to fedex.com/in/studentoffer .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789383", "title": "10,000 phones lawfully being tapped", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly 10,000 phones are being lawfully tapped in various states, according to official data available today.Over 4,500 phones were intercepted during the month of August in addition to more than 5,000 phones which were already being tapped. The interception is ordered by various intelligence agencies, police forces and Army.Besides phones, nearly 1,200 email addresses were also being intercepted under the Indian Telegraph Act, according to information given to a high-level committee which reviews such orders issued by the Union home secretary.The committee comprising Cabinet secretary Ajit Seth, telecom secretary R Chandrasekhar and law secretary B A Agarwal, which met here recently, confirmed the orders passed by the home secretary and also cleared a fresh request for monitoring 559 emails of various individuals, it said.Intelligence Bureau(IB) topped the chart monitoring nearly 6,000 phones out of which over 2,100 requests were made in August alone and was followed by Delhi Police which made 738 requests in the month besides keeping under surveillance 19 others, the sources saidArmy's Signal Intelligence (SI) is tapping over 1,100 phones out of which 577 requests were made in August while 527 are already being intercepted by it, the sources said.Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI), which had over 160 phones already under its scanner, has made a fresh request for intercepting nearly 350 phones during the month, they said.The committee, however, rejected 17 requests made by intelligence agencies and demanded more clarifications on the issue of public emergency or public safety in respect of orders passed for fresh interception and continuing it, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "sonamukhi", "code": "16790202", "title": "Chased by villagers, Dalma calf drowns in canal", "text": "SONAMUKHI: Chased by locals, a seven-year-old elephant calf drowned in a canal early on Friday. The parents of the calf survived the water current, but have received severe injuries.Villagers alleged that a herd of 150 Dalma elephants crossed over to Galsi a fortnight back and have been on the rampage at Patrasayar, Sonamukhi, Joypur and Bishnupur. The jumbos have destroyed several ripe paddy fields in the area, said locals.About 70 to 90 elephants were spotted roaming in Indkata Forest late on Thursday. Fearing another rampage, the villagers tried to chase them away. While most of the elephants managed to flee, two adults and a calf fell into a DVC canal. Though local people informed forest officials immediately, they did not turn up fearing public outburst.On seeing that the elephants were not being able to stand up to the current, villagers got down rescue them on Friday morning. Though they brought out the male and the female elephant with ropes and bamboos around 8.30am, the calf had already died. Later, forest officials reached the spot and retrieved the calf's body with a crane. The post-mortem was done later in the day.DFO Kunal Deival told TOI that the forest officials are keeping tabs on the herd. \"Both the rescued elephants have suffered serious injuries. They have also been in human contact, thus it is feared the main herd might fight with them and refuse to accept the duo,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789481", "title": "Railways to pay family Rs 78,000 for stolen bag", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission, while upholding a district forum order, held the Western Railways guilty of deficiency of service after Rs 48,000 was stolen from an Andheri-based family on a Delhi to Mumbai train in 2007. The commission directed the railways to pay an additional Rs 10,000 as costs along with Rs 68,000 as compensation ordered by the district forum.Chiding the railways, the commission said, \"The Indian Railway has published a citizen charter explaining its responsibility towards the passengers. However, the charter remains on paper. If the charter is implemented in its spirit, such incidents will not occur.\"In December 2007, the complainants, DD and Savita Bhalla, were travelling from Delhi to Mumbai in an AC two-tier compartment of the Paschim Express. At 4am, they realized that their purse was missing and it was later found in the toilet. However, Rs 48,000 was missing from the bag and the matter was reported to the coach attendant. An FIR was filed and the matter investigated.The chief security commissioner of the RPF filed a report and found the concerned attendant guilty of being negligent. In 2009, the Bhallas filed a complaint in the forum seeking compensation from the railways. The railways contended that it was not responsible for the passengers' luggage and as such arrangements have been made through the RPF and GRP for the safety of passengers. The railways also said the Bhallas had not adduced any evidence of carrying cash. The railways also argued that the IRCTC, which it said was an independent body and responsible for the theft, should be made party to the complaint.In December 2011, the forum directed the railways to pay the stolen amount along with Rs 20,000 compensation.Aggrieved, the railways filed an appeal with the state commission.The commission, however, said that both the IRCTC as well as the RPF are part and parcel of Western Railway and it is difficult for the common man to differentiate between IRCTC, RPF and Western Railway. The commission also said that the FIR is evidence to prove that the respondents had lost Rs 48,000. The commission observed that the attendant's negligence amounted to deficiency in service.Builder to pay Rs 50L for failure to give flatThe Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission directed a builder to pay Rs 50 lakh compensation for failing to hand over a flat and garage to two allottees of a plot developed at Andheri. M/s Build Well Constructions will also pay the complainants, Gilroy and Floyd Castro, Rs 25,000 towards costs of complaint.The Castro brothers, with their late mother Maureen, were the allottees of a plot by Nutan Shanti Priya Co-operative Housing Society Ltd. The trio had entered into an agreement with the builder to redevelop the plot in 2000. The builder agreed to give them Rs 80,000 and four flats, each measuring 700 sq ft, and four garages. On Maureen's death in 2001, allotment and membership of the society was transferred to the brothers. In 2005, the builder handed over three flats alongwith three garages. However, he did not hand over the fourth flat and the garage and did not even compensate them for it.The brothers filed a complaint with the commission in 2007. The commission ruled that since the builder had sold the fourth flat to a third party with the garage, it should grant the Castros compensation according to current rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16790243", "title": "Kalyanji Anandji receive Akshaya Samman 2012", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A fully-packed Utkal Mandap paid a soulful tribute to the legendary lyricist, music director, singer and writer Akshaya Mohanty here on Friday. Ace music composer duo Kalyanji-Anandji received the sixth Akshaya Samman of 2012 for lifetime achievement in the field of music. Anandji Virji Shah accepted the award on their behalf.Anandji gave a musical thanks to the audience and said, \"Though I did not meet Akshaya Mohanty ever, I have heard a lot about him. He is the Kishore Kumar of Odia film industry. Bhubaneswar is a beautiful place and I would like to visit here again and again.\"Anandji has given music for as many as 250 films in his career and has introduced several new talents to the Hindi film music like Manhar Udhas, Udit Narayan , Kumar Sanu , Alka Yagnik , Sadhana Sargam , Sapna Mukherjee and Sunidhi Chauhan to name a few. The Akshaya Samman carried a cash award of Rs 1 lakh along with a special letter of appreciation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789695", "title": "Citizens, groups seek probe into irrigation scam", "text": "PUNE: Over 25 groups and individuals have demanded that an independent credible commission urgently probe the irrigation scam in the state and have sent a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and governor K Sankarnarayanan in this regard.In the letter, the organisations have demanded an independent scrutiny of the water resource development projects in the state undertaken during the last 17 years, including major and medium dams, lift irrigation, hydropower, drinking water and industrial water supply projects.Some of the key demands include scrutiny of the design of the projects, the current status, the projected and actual costs, quality of work, dam safety requirements, benefits, environmental impacts and environmental management plan. The progress of the projects, related rehabilitation and resettlement plan and its current status should be looked into. The scrutiny should also cover the alternative proposals given by people's organisations to make these schemes more equitable, sustainable and democratic.Copies of the letter have also been sent to the Union ministries of water resources and environment and forests, the Planning Commission and the Central Water Commission demanding that the filling of the lower Tapi, Hathnur and Tarali dams be stopped immediately and a CBI inquiry into the material used for these dams be conducted.Experts from the organisations have pointed out that the issue of further technical, financial, forest, environment or wildlife clearances to dams in Maharashtra should not be given unless the above mentioned scrutiny of existing and ongoing projects was completed, its report put in the public domain and necessary action taken. Also, till then, further funding and cost escalations of upcoming projects in Maharashtra should not be allowed.Meanwhile, the organisations have called for amendments in the environmental impact assessment notification to ensure that all large dams, irrespective of purpose, get environmental clearance and public hearings are conducted. If a project requires forest land, then an environmental clearance should be made mandatory. Also, all major irrigation projects should get clearances from the Union ministry of environment and forests, Central Water Commission and Planning Commission, the letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790253", "title": "TDR increased congestion in prime areas", "text": "NAGPUR: The TDR concept has increased congestion in some prime areas due to lack of revision of zone system from time to time. Ramdaspeth seems to be the biggest sufferer of the concept.Realty experts say FSI restrictions are mainly to prevent congestion in some areas. So, majority of the houses in areas like Ramdaspeth, Dhantoli, Shivajinagar, Bajaj Nagar and adjoining areas had construction on ground and first floor. However, the zone system was not revised since implementation of TDR concept in 2001. So, builders as well as individuals started to turn the individual houses into flat schemes using the TDR from remote areas.Ramdaspeth is a fine example of how an area with mostly bungalows suddenly has a large number of flat schemes. The number of people residing in the area and vehicles have increased with flat schemes. Thus, it has become a very congested locality.The builders are continuing to exploit the system. The builders can be seen building huge flat schemes in Shivajinagar, Bajaj Nagar, Laxmi Nagar and adjoining areas by purchasing bungalows. This could have been prevented if NMC had revised the zone system after studying the increasing congestion in various areas from time to time.A senior town planning department official told TOI that the revision in zone system was not done as amending the development plan is a lengthy process. NMC has implemented only a few amendments in the development plant according to its requirements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16789939", "title": "Odisha gets 100 more dengue patients in 3 days", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Over 100 more people in the state tested positive for dengue in the past three days even as the government continues to assert a decline in the vector-borne disease.According to official figures, the number of confirmed dengue positive cases jumped to 1263 on Friday compared to 1162 on Wednesday.Dr Madan Pradhan, nodal officer for vector-borne diseases in the state, said sporadic cases were coming from various parts but the number of new cases seems to be on the decline. \"We hope the disease will subside soon with lowering of atmospheric temperature by another few days,\" Pradhan said.Sources said Balasore and Ganjam district were still reporting high incidence of the disease. The two districts account for around 800 cases, around 400 each, followed by Angul at around 90 and Khurda at 50.\"Balasore and Ganjam witnessed high incidence because of import of the disease from West Bengal and Berhampur. However, our preventive strategy and quick response helped reduce casualties,\" Dr Pradhan said.According to government figures, the death toll continues to remain static at four since around a month, including two from Dhenkanal and one each from Ganjam and Jajpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16790866", "title": "A hi-tech device in bra can help detect breast cancer early", "text": "WASHINGTON: An inconspicuous device in your bra could help catch breast cancer early! The humble brassiere could play a more pivotal role as a US based company has unveiled plans for a hi-tech device that can be worn inside the bra to help detect breast cancer.Catching the cancer early is crucial to survival rate and the efficacy of traditional annual mammograms as a reliable detection method is being called into question, with tumours beginning to form up to six years before they can be detected using mammograms. The company believes that their device will be able to detect tumours early and reduce the rate of false positives and negatives, thereby helping women seek treatment as soon as possible following a diagnosis.The invention takes the form of a sensor that is placed inside the bra where it will measure any changes in cell temperature caused by the blood vessel growth associated with tumours as they develop. The sensor will also contain software that uses pattern recognition, chronology and artificial intelligence to look for changes in breast tissue that might indicate a tumour was present, Medcitynews.com reports.The report said that the size of breast tumours and how far the cancer has spread are crucial elements in determining the prognosis of women diagnosed with breast cancer.Advancing technology - 3D mammography and thermography, for example - have gone some way in bringing early diagnoses to women, but these common methods are not infallible. \"Concerns with patient discomfort, exposure to radiation and false positives and negatives have spurred the creation of numerous other screening methods,\" the company First Warning Systems said. The launch of the bra is said to be in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791216", "title": "Two US aircraft carriers undertake combat exercises in Andaman Sea", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the US unfolds its new strategy of \"re-balancing'' forces towards the Asia-Pacific, two American aircraft carriers are practicing anti-submarine and surface warfare drills in the Andaman Sea near the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.Holding that India is \"very much aware'' of the ongoing combat maneuvers by the US Navy in the region, defence ministry sources said the two carriers - USS George Washington and USS John C Stennis - with their accompanying aircraft, helicopters and warships are in \"international waters'' leading to the Malacca Strait, one of the most important shipping lanes in the world. \"It's nothing unusual and of no concern to us,'' said a source.China, however, must be watching the exercise with hawk eyes since it is wary of any naval grouping in this part of the world. USS George Washington, in fact, had recently patrolled the contentious South China Sea, where China is embroiled in territorial disputes with countries like Philippines , Taiwan , Vietnam , Malaysia and Singapore . The US does conduct dual-aircraft carrier exercises in international waters but this is probably the first time it is being undertaken in the Andaman Sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16791406", "title": "Rauf remanded in police custody", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Malappuram first class judicial magistrate court has sent Indian National League leader K A Rauf to police custody for four days, in connection with a case of blackmailing industries minister P K Kunhalikutty.Rauf was produced in the court in connection with a case regarding manhandling of Kondotty block panchayat president Jabbar Haji. Though the court had granted bail on the case, it agreed to the request of public prosecutor to sent Rauf to police custody in connection with another case of blackmailing, which was registered on October 10 in Malappuram police station.Jabbar Haji was the petitioner in the black mailing case also. The case was registered against Rauf for demanding Rs 1 crore from Kunhalikutty for not disclosing incriminating evidence against the minister.Rauf allegedly asked Jabbar Haji to arrange the money from Kunhalikkutty and also solve the licence issue of a quarry owned by Rauf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16795147", "title": "Costliest set for Seema Singh", "text": "Recently producer of Bhojpuri film 'Ek Laila Teen Chaila' made costliest set for a dance sequence of the movie. Seema Singh will be seen landing from moon in the video.The song is sung by Kalpana. Sanjay Pandey and many dancers participated in this scene with Seema Singh.The choreography was done by Kanu Mukherjee while the film is directed by Shad Kumar. Shad Kumar justified the huge expense on the set saying that it was done on the demand of the song. Even the costume for Seema Singh was worth a fortune as special lightings were attached to this costume.Source: bhpojpuri.co", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790284", "title": "Nagpur University biometric attendance machines develop snag", "text": "NAGPUR: The biometric attendance recording machines installed at seven premises of Nagpur University with much fanfare last year have developed snags even before completion of guarantee period. These machines have failed often in this period and NU officials have failed to repair them promptly, sources informed.They added that 18 such machines were installed at various departments and places like library at the staggering cost of Rs8 lakh by a Pune-based firm Ace Brain Systems. The objective was to keep track on attendance of teaching as well as non-teaching staff. One of the machines set up at NU's administrative block developed snag and has remained non-functional for most of the time since installation. Sources alleged duplicate parts were used inside the machines and the firm had allegedly duped NU. They also claimed that though there was a guarantee period of a year, the firm had failed to carry out repairs thus deeply raising spectre of another scam.No representative of Ace Brain Systems was available but NU finance and accounts officer (FAO) Puran Meshram accused the employees of deliberately damaging the machines to facilitate their late coming. \"There was stiff opposition to these machines since the beginning. The employees try everything from putting pins into machines to scratching their surface. These are very delicate machines and employees have damaged them to save their skin,\" he said.He added that machines were installed as per Maharashtra government's directives to all the universities with a view to keep a record of attendance and timings. \"The government had selected Ace Brain Systems. We have reported the snags to the firm, but since they cover all universities in state, it takes time for them to send technicians for repair,\" Meshram said.The idea of installing biometric attendance recording system was mooted by former VC SN Pathan. He had observed most of the staff at the administrative block came late and felt these machines would check that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16792014", "title": "1-way route from GTB Hospital to Mint Gumri", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a bid to check frequent traffic jams in the areas near Shastri Nagar market in Model Town, the traffic authorities have made the road from Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital to Mint Gumri chowk one way.According to SHO (traffic) Jasmine Kaur, \"We have temporarily stopped the two-way movement of vehicles from Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital to Mint Gumri Chowk. The vehicles can only move from Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital to Mint Gumri Chowk and not the other way round. This is being done to check traffic jams in areas near Shastri Nagar market. If the arrangement is successful, we will make it permanent\".Meanwhile, the residents have expressed happiness over the new traffic arrangement.Tejinder Singh of Model Town says, \"The area used to see huge traffic jams, especially during the peak hours. With the authorities making the road one way, I think traffic jams in the area will be checked to large extent\".Another resident Harpreet Singh adds, \"It is good that the traffic authorities have made the road one way. It should be made a permanent arrangement as the same will check traffic jams. Also, the municipal corporation should take a cue from the traffic authorities and check the encroachment along the road. The encroachers have occupied almost half of the road\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794152", "title": "Kim Kardashian slimming product banned Down Under", "text": "A slimming product endorsed by Kim Kardashian has been banned from sale in Australia by the medicines watchdog.QuickTrim Suppress and Burn was one of three products cancelled from the Australian Register of Therapeutic Goods this week, the Herald Sun reported.Reducta FatBlaster tablets and BergaMet Mega cholesterol and metabolic support tablets were also cancelled from the register.A spokeswoman for QuickTrim said the company was appealing the TGA decision.She said the Suppress and Burn supplement was in production and had not yet hit shelves in Australia.\"The cancellation of QuickTrim's Suppress and Burn is currently under ministerial review following an appeal submission to the Department of Health ,\" the spokeswoman said.\"All QuickTrim products currently sold in pharmacies around Australia... are completely unrelated to the recent cancellation advice,\" she added.Kardashian travelled to Australia last month to promote QuickTrim products, which are branded with images of the American reality TV star.The products are advertised as weight loss agents, with some claiming to \"decrease fatigue\" and \"reduce hunger.\"But a review by the Therapeutic Goods Administration found \"there was insufficient evidence to support the indications for the (Suppress and Burn) product.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16791792", "title": "Moily to release Tulu book", "text": "MANGALORE: Union minister for power Veerappa Moily will release a book - \"Satyappe Balelu,\" a collection of short stories written by writer KE Radhakrishna in SDM College on Sunday at 4pm. This is the first book of Radhakrishna in Tulu. He has written more than 25 books in Kannada and English.The book release function has been organized by Kalkur Pratishtana and SDM College. Jnanapeeta awardee UR Anathamurthy will also attend the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16791097", "title": "3 held over attack on girl activist", "text": "In an \"important breakthrough\", three suspects have been arrested over Tuesday's near-fatal Taliban shooting on Pakistan's teenage rights activist Malala Yousufzai, who remains on ventilator at a top army hospital in Rawalpindi, with a military spokesperson on Friday saying that the next 36 to 48 hours were critical for the schoolgirl's recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16794957", "title": "Worried over layoffs, 51% Britons check work emails during holidays", "text": "LONDON: About 51 per cent of people in Britain check work emails every day while on holiday and as many as 38 per cent call the office because of fear of losing job in the recession, a new study has revealed.According to the study, a third surveyed said that working on holiday had made the break less enjoyable, while 15 per cent said it had caused an argument with their partner, the Daily Mail reported.Work addiction, or the inability to switch off and leave work at the office when they hit the beach, is caused by increased job insecurity, and enabled by technologies such as mobile internet access on phones and laptops abroad, it said.Earlier studies have found that spending too long in the workplace- over 8 hours a day- resulted in up to 80 percent greater chance of heart disease.Further it is understood that long working hours also increased the risk of dementia later in life. The effect was similar in magnitude to that of smoking, the study, conducted by travel website TripAdvisor, noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16791401", "title": "Rare coins, currency on display at UP Numismatic Society exhibition", "text": "KANPUR: The coin and currency exhibition organized by the Uttar Pradesh Numismatic Society witnessed huge influx on day one here on Friday. This is the first of its own kind currency exhibition in state, which will continue on Saturday as well.The coin and currency exhibition displayed hundreds of different types of coins, currencies, note and other forms of money being used by the Mauryans till now.Some rare items like a 16 rupee note, coins during Shahjahan rule was also put on display. The exhibition also displayed the medal introduced on the occasion of Queen Victoria's diamond jubilee and the symbol introduced when King Edward occupied his kingdom. Apart from this, hundreds of ethnic international currencies were also put on display in the exhibition.Unseen coins, bank notes, stamps and other numismatic items (or items related to money issued by the government) were also put on display in the exhibition. Several glass frames were used to ensure easy viewing and readability of coins.The coins and currency was also auctioned on the occasion. The coins ranged from rupees 1500 to 7 lakh.Melcom Todiwala, the numismatic informed that the rates of coins do not depend on their antiquity but depends on their demand or on the popularity of the person launched it.\"I have been collecting coins of various countries by exchanging them as well as requesting foreign tourists to part with some of their change money to aid my collection. I am excited to see so many ancient coins and currencies in our city in form of this exhibition. Its surely a good initiative to make people learn and know more about these antique currency,\" said Mridul, a visitor in the exhibition.Shubha, a history teacher while praising the stuff displayed in the exhibition said that she will bring her students to the exhibition as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794155", "title": "Why the fuss over Pakistani artists: Rahul Ram", "text": "When he sings, he pours his heart out and when he plays the guitar, it's as if he is connected with the world beyond. Rahul Ram from Indian Ocean is one of those rare phenomenons who, despite being away from the arch limelight, has managed to maintain popularity and garnered love from across the country. But he is judging a music reality show on a television channel. Though, Rahul appeared as a judge before, this is his first commercial outing. But he assures it's not going to be the same, over-the-top melodramatic reality show.He says, \"We are only looking at music. We are not going to fight or create ugly scenes like it happens on other reality shows.\" He adds, \"We want to find good singers, and that does not mean playback singers.\"In the midst of all the hype surrounding reality shows, Rahul seems to be a believer in this concept. He says, \"There are people who imitate other singers, but we promote originality. And it's impossible to expect a singer to be thoroughly versatile. Sur bhi kabhi kabhi yahan wahan ho jata hai, but at the end of the day these people do get a good platform to showcase their talent through such shows.\"Ask him about the controversies about Pakistani artists coming to India, and Rahul says, \"I don't understand what is all the fuss about. They are amazing artists and there aren't many opportunities in their country. If good artists are coming to perform here, we should not be reacting the way people have been.\" He adds, \"These are all political agendas and we are taking a hyper nationalistic approach. So what if they don't invite us to perform there? We are not dying to go there either. I feel music is music and there can be no geographical boundaries to demarcate musicians.\"Indian Ocean, has been one of the celebrated Indie bands, it has had little presence in Bollywood even though every artist is aspiring to be a part of this industry. Rahul says, \"Bollywood has never been the ultimate aim for us. I never go to people asking for work, if any film comes my way I will be happy to do it.\" He adds, \"People always complain that Bollywood is not letting other forms of music grow. But I don't see a problem there. Bollywood has always incorporated independent music. It's not monolithic. There is everything in film music from folk to rock. And independent artists are now getting various avenues in metro cities to perform, there shouldn't be any complain against the industry that produces the best of music in India.\"And before he signs off, he says, \"Today it's very easy to record and upload your own album. It's not going to be easy, but there is scope now and musicians should make full use of it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789585", "title": "Man kills friend for Rs 100 debt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people were attacked over petty amounts, in unrelated incidents on Thursday.In the first incident, a 45-year-old man was stabbed to death by his childhood friend over a petty gambling debt on Thursday night. Police said Rajesh Bansal, 46, resident of Rohini Sector 8, stabbed his friend Deepak Vaid, 45, resident of Rohini Sector 7, around 10.30pm.\"Vaid was rushed to a hospital where he was pronounced dead. Friends of the duo found Bansal with blood on his clothes and informed police. He was caught from his house,\" said an officer. He was sent to judicial custody.In the other incident, a vegetable vendor in Mansarovar Park was shot at from close range when he could not pay Rs 5 more to a goon who was demanding Rs 20 as protection money. Police said Gabbar (28), a resident of Sriram Colony, used to set up a stall at Shahdara wholesale market and pay Rs 20 to a goon every day. \"On Thursday, Gabbar had earned only Rs 15. He said he would pay Rs 5 later, but when he visited the railway colony near MS Park in the evening, two men accosted him and one of them shot at him,'' said Babu Khan, Gabbar's uncle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16789688", "title": "Hesh-Bopanna pair stuns Nestor-Mirnyi; Paes-Stepanek in semis", "text": "SHANGHAI: Rohan Bopanna and Mahesh Bhupathi played solid, all-court tennis to put out second seeds Max Mirnyi of Belarus and Daniel Nestor of Canada 7-6 (9-7), 6-4 in 84-minutes to make the semifinals of the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000.In another match, Leander Paes and Radek Stepanek of the Czech Republic put out the Austrian-Canadian pairing of Milos Raonic and Jurgen Melzer 7-5, 6-7 (4-7), 10-5 to make their second semifinal in two weeks of tournament play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16792269", "title": "\u2018Narcotics smuggled to Mohali from Amritsar\u2019", "text": "MOHALI: Being a border district and transit point of three states, Mohali and Chandigarh have emerged as the prime points for narcotics being smuggled from Amritsar. The recent two seizures and arrest of two Nigerians have strengthened the claim and investigative agencies are planning to tie up with Amritsar police for further investigation.District police arrested a Nigerian national Michel Chuk and Amritsar resident Balwinder Singh along with 2kg heroin, 19,600 US dollars and Rs 20,000 cash on Thursday. Prior to the arrest of Michel, Chandigarh police also arrested another Nigerian national Daniel Ebera, who was also caught near ISBT-17 with heroin, claimed to be moving towards Amritsar.Police sources told TOI, \"Amritsar is emerging as a prime point to smuggle narcotics in to Mohali and Chandigarh. This was established when during interrogation as accused Balwinder revealed the names of two others, Sarvan Singh and Savinder Singh, for whom he was working.\"Sources said Sarvan and Savinder were also wanted by the special cell of Punjab police, which is especially dealing with narcotics smuggling in the state. During interrogation, accused Michel claimed before shifting to Mohali, he also stayed in Chandigarh for a short time.SSP (Mohali) G S Bhullar said, \"Michel had visited Amritsar around four times for getting the supply of narcotics, while for ascertaining the criminal background of Savinder and Sarvan, Amritsar police is being contacted. Meanwhile, interrogation of Nigerian national Michel also revealed that US dollars 19,600 were meant to be paid to Balwinder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16791994", "title": "Top stars for Vasai-Virar Mayor's Marathon", "text": "Mumbai: A galaxy of stars have been lined up to compete in the second Vasai-Virar Mayor's Marathon (VVMM) on Sunday, October 14.Leading the star line up will be Lyngkhoi Bining, a former winner of the Standard Chartered Mumbai Marathon, Elam Singh, Arvind Kumar Yadav, Sanaton Singh and Shivdan Singh.Women, who will run a maximum distance of 21kms, will have an even better line up of stars. Sudha Singh , who competed in the London Olympic Games, will be among the biggest stars. Sudha has won two back to back half marathons in the Airtel Delhi event and the ITBP half marathon.She will have competition in Kiran Tiwari, the defending champion. There are also other big names like Asian Games medallist Kavita Raut, Lalita Babbar, Monika Athare, Priyanka Singh and Swati Gadhavi.The men's half marathon will miss one name but the rest of the top runners will be present. Soji Mathew will not be running in the event but the other top names to feature in the event are Sandeep Kumar , winner of the ITBP half marathon, BC Tilak, Budha Ram, Sunil Kumar, Gopal Singh Jat and Prahlad Sahi.Besides the impressive line-up of stars, Sushil Kumar, the silver medal winning wrestler at the London Olympic Games will be present as Event Ambassador along with former athlete Shiny Wilson. Besides these two, model and actor Milind Soman will be running the full marathon. The organizers have received more than 900 entries for the half marathon and 160 for the full marathon.Considering the weather conditions, the organizers have arranged for extra water stations and are even arranging for sprinklers to spray water on the full marathoners on their return journey.Prize money worth Rs 19.5 lakhs will be up for grabs with the men's marathon winner bagging Rs 2 lakh while the women's and men's half marathon will win Rs 1 lakh each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790329", "title": "Metro rail's detailed project report gets delayed", "text": "NAGPUR: Metro rail, the city's dream, has been plagued with the common malaise of all projects - delay. Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), which is preparing detailed project report (DPR) of the metro rail, had promised to submit it to Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) by September. However, now the report won't be available before mid-November.A NIT official told TOI that DMRC had not cited any specific reason for the delay except that the work was taking more time than expected. The memorandum of understanding (MoU) between NIT and DMRC was for preparing the DPR was signed on February 22.NIT chairman Pravin Darade had told mediapersons in July that work on Nagpur metro railway would begin next year. He had assumed that DMRC would meet its deadline of completing the DPR in eight months. If the preparation of DPR gets further delayed that then it is an ominous sign for the project. Delays are likely during execution of the project. Most infrastructure projects in the city are running behind schedule by months. Metro rail projects can be completed before time as was the case with Delhi but the Mumbai monorail project is an example of inordinate delay.Even though the DPR submission had been delayed, the surveys were completed on time. DMRC and NIT had discussed the modalities of the DPR on February 27. The DMRC officials had done preliminary inspection of March 3.DMRC started traffic surveys from March 17. Two types of surveys were conducted - screen line volume count and turning volume count. The first was done at railway over bridges (RoBs), flyovers, railway under bridges RuBs, nullah crossings, etc. The turning volume count was done at prominent squares and traffic junctions. These surveys were not done on Saturdays and Sundays as the traffic is less.Then DMRC conducted outer cordon, parking and door-to-door surveys. Under outer cordon surveys DMRC agents asked people travelling by Outer Ring Road and other roads encompassing the city regarding their residences, workplaces, frequency of use of outer roads. People using two-wheelers, cars and buses were sampled.In the parking survey, DMRC found out the parking space available in main areas of the city and asked people where they parked their vehicles. The door-to-door survey was done on weekends as most people were available on these days. The survey personnel went to some houses randomly and asked them about mode of travel in city and the places they visited frequently.All the five surveys were completed on time and then DMRC started the actual preparation of DPR in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16791370", "title": "'Jungle journal' ensures smooth ride into green MSU", "text": "VADODARA: This application can make your journey to jungle a bit easy. M S University's Department of Botany has developed a software - Jungle Journal - that gives the user a handy knowledge of plants. The department has developed this first of its kind software for the arboretum cum medicinal plants located behind the university main office.The current version of this software is meant for android based mobile phones and tablets. Soon, this software will be available for iphones and ipads.\"People with no scientific background can also enjoy the benefits of this software as it is designed with simple language, eliminating scientific jargons wherever possible. Also, the students can have the power house of knowledge within their reach, into their mobiles or tabs,\" says P S Nagar, who along with his team, has developed the software for visitors at the arboretum located near the V S Hall.The arboretum (collection of trees) which the university is developing since 1962 itself has turned into a jungle of sorts at the campus as it houses 852 plant species on five acres land.\"There are 650 documented species in Dangs. Students can learn in and out of the forest vegetation. At our arboretum we have labeled all the plants, described their medicinal properties and chemical constituents. There is a Gujarati translation about their uses,\" adds Nagar.Standing in front of these labeled trees, a visitor can easily know the botanical name, local name and family name of the tree by using 'Jungle Journal' application for which two tablets have been kept at the arboretum.On Friday, the department conducted a tour of the arboretum which witnessed presence of MSU's top officials who were shown open class theatre which is used by students, newly set up glass house for conservation of threatened species. There are plans to develop an aquatic zone for preservation of aquatic plant species.\"We now have 300 medicinal plants which have popular use in Ayurveda at the garden. There are 20 species which are endangered and five of which are highly endemic. We have a plant species - tephrosia jamnagarensis - which has been propagated for the first time globally and its number is not more than 200 across the world,\" says Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16791361", "title": "'Gujrat CM hiding employment week expenses'", "text": "VADODARA: Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi, who recently criticized UPA chief Sonia Gandhi for not revealing her foreign tour expenses, is facing criticism for not disclosing his own expenses for yet another time.Activist Rohit Prajapati had filed an RTI application in April this year and sought information on the expenses incurred on the Swami Vivekananda Youth Employment Week during which Modi handed over appointment letters to 65,000 youth across the state.Another activist Trupti Shah too had criticized Modi about 10 days ago for not revealing his traveling expenses during the Women Empowerment Sammelans organized in 2007. She has been waiting for the reply for last five years. Modi's attack on Sonia had, however, fizzled out after the Hisar-based RTI activist refuted his claims regarding the Rs 1,800 crore-figure spent on Sonia's foreign tours.Prajapati had asked 18 questions about the employment week to the chief minister's office (CMO). It included queries about posts and benefits given to the youth, security arrangements, number of government employees pressed in for the organizing the event, copies of advertisements done during the period and expenses done on Modi, his ministers, MLAs and MPs during the programme.\"While they answered to other questions, the state government didn't reply to the query related to the expenses done on Modi and his ministers. Our RTI application was forwarded to all the districts but the concerned authorities stated that the travelling expenditures of the CM, ministers, MLAs, MPs and others were not incurred them,\" Prajapati told TOI.\"It is obvious that some department must have incurred expenses or someone must have sponsored it. Its six months since I filed the RTI but I am yet to get reply regarding the expenses. Modi had also travelled by helicopter to some places?\" questioned Prajapati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789170", "title": "Defamation case: Sheila Dikshit told to appear", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday directed chief minister Sheila Dikshit to appear in person before it on November 9 in a defamation case filed by her against city BJP chief Vijender Gupta.Metropolitan magistrate Navjeet Budhiraja made it clear to Dikshit's counsel that he should ensure her presence on the next date of hearing or else the case would be dismissed, saying she has not appeared before the court since recording of her evidence on May 30.Dikshit had filed the criminal defamation case against Gupta, alleging that the BJP leader used \"uncivilized\" language against her before the April 15 polls.Dikshit's counsel, Mehmood Pracha, submitted that the complainant was following the Delhi high court's direction that she could take exemption from personal appearance on valid grounds by moving the appropriate application. He also said, \"Today we are seeking exemption as she is busy in performing her duties as a public servant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791619", "title": "UPPCB seals two units for violating norms at Daraganj", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A team of UP Pollution Control Board on Friday sealed two units involved in manufacturing polythene bags and plastic packaging materials at Daraganj locality on the charges of violation of norms.Regional Officer, UPPCB, Mohd Sikandar told TOI that the team, acting on specific tip off, raided two separate units located at Daraganj and sealed them on different charges. He added that both of the units were running in residential areas and they had also not obtained the NOC from the department.He further added that the units had also not taken consent from the UPPCB as well as had no registration with it.Mohd Sikandar, meanwhile, pointed out that one of the unit was producing polythene bags while another was producing plastic packaging materials.A case has been lodged in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16791308", "title": "Uma Bharati calls for consensus on cleaning Ganga", "text": "Members of Parliament irrespective of their party affiliations are concerned about the plight of the Ganga but still the pollution in the river continues unabated and no efforts are being made to facilitate unhindered flow of the Ganga across the country, said senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Uma Bharati . Uma was speaking to reporters after her Ganga Samagra yatra arrived here on Friday.Stating that it has been proved that it is scientifically possible to clean the Ganga, Uma said we have requisite technology and technique to undertake treatment of sewage flowing into the Ganga. But still the level of pollution in the river remains a concern.The BJP leader said the Ganga action Plan ( GAP) launched to clean the river has turned out to be a total failure and now need is to evolve a consensus on the cleaning of the Ganga, from Gangotri to Gangasagar.She said the Save Ganga volunteers alongwith the public will form a human chain across the country on November 2 to create awareness about the issue and draw the attention of the government.BJP leader and founder of Ganga Heritage Foundation, Yogesh Shukla said unless every drop of water flowing in the river from Gangotri to Gangasagar is fit for achman(ablution) all the efforts go in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790377", "title": "Won't fell trees without clearance, Adani Power tells HC", "text": "NAGPUR: The Adani Power Maharashtra Ltd (APML), Tiroda, on Friday gave an undertaking to the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court that it would not fell any tree in the forest land proposed to be diverted to them for expansion of 3,300 MW power plant unless it received all requisite clearances from the Central government.The APML needs to fell hundreds of trees on 163.84 hectare forest area in Garada in Tiroda. As the area is 8.5km from the Nagzira wildlife sanctuary in Gondia district and falls within the 10km eco-sensitive zone (ESZ), the proposal needs clearance from National Board for Wild Life (NBWL). Hearing the APML application filed in a writ petition no. 1277/2000 (Shobhatai Fadnavis vs state of Maharashtra) seeking permission to fell trees in forest area, a division bench of justices P V Hardas and A P Bangale reserved the order.Adani had urged the court to grant tree felling permission as it had an in-principle approval from the Central government under the Forest Conservation Act, 1980. As per Section 2 of the FCA, the state government was incompetent to order diversion of forest land for non-forestry purposes. Hence, Adani will have to seek permission from the Centre.The Forest Advisory Committee (FAC) has recommended diversion of forest land with the condition that the project proponent contribute towards the restoration plan for wildlife corridor to be prepared and implemented. No authentic studies have been done so far on the ill-effects of the 3,300 MW power plant on Nagzira sanctuary after the diversion of 163.84 hectares land.When Adani approached the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB), it certified that \"particulate and gaseous concentration in the ambient air near Nagzira sanctuary is within the National Ambient Quality standards.\"\"As the plant is non-operational the air quality standards near the sanctuary are bound to be under control, but what about pollution that will spell doom for Nagzira after the plant becomes operational,\" asked Bandu Dhotre, president of NGO Eco Pro fighting against coal mining and power plants near protected areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16791164", "title": "Watch on eve-teasers at Durga Puja pandals", "text": "RANCHI: With just one week left for the big festival, the district administration is taking additional measures this time to maintain the law and order situation here during Durga Puja.Security has been beefed up and operations against anti-social elements have been intensified in the run-up to the festival, according to SSP Ranchi Saket Kumar Singh.Ranchi deputy commissioner Vinay Kumar Choubey and Singh have held several rounds of meetings with members of the puja organising committees on law and order during the festival. The district administration will construct three control rooms this year compared to just one last time.Choubey has also held meetings with the Ranchi Mahanagar Durga Puja Samiti (RMDPS), members of the Peace Committee and other social organisations. \"The joint order has been prepared for law and order. Enough number of magistrates will be deployed in the sensitive areas,\" said Choubey. For security reasons the district administration has not disclosed the exact number of magistrates and security personnel who would be deployed.Additional companies of security forces, including those from the Jharkhand Armed Police, will be deployed to avoid any untoward incident. Women constables will also be deployed. The district police have already intimated its headquarters about the additional number of forces.Ranchi has 137 registered bodies which organise Durga Puja.The district police have carried out risk assessments in many sensitive areas. \"A motorcycle party will be deployed to keep a vigil on eve-teasers. Policemen will be on bikes to chase eve-teasers and prevent chain snatching,\" said Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh.Local police stations have been directed to co-ordinate with residents and take suggestions if need be. \"Meetings are important to know what the public want,\" said Ranchi SP Vipul Shukla.Additional traffic guards will be on duty at important locations. Defunct traffic lights will be changed before the puja. \"Before Durga Puja, traffic constables will be trained on better traffic management,\" said Traffic SP CS Prasad. The district administration has also planned to students in managing the crowd. These volunteers will be trained adequately to guide senior citizens, women and children. RMDPS has already invited youth to extend their support.Also, the Ranchi Municipal Corporation has asked the agency, which maintains street lights in the city, to rectify all the lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16792168", "title": "Tehsildar averts major land scam", "text": "HYDERABAD: A major land scam worth 350 crore was averted by Saroornagar mandal authorities after they verified the documents pertaining to 18 acres of prime land as well as the proceedings of the revenue department and found them to be fabricated and forged. The revenue officials filed a complaint with Saroornagar police on Friday seeking action against the persons who forged and fabricated the revenue documents .According to Saroornagar tehsildar K Chandra Reddy, two persons Vijay Kumar Pandey, a resident of Himayatnagar, and Qureshi, went to the Saroornagar mandal office four days ago and met the tehsildar for confirming the title of about 18.19 acres in survey Nos 6/1 to 6/8 Yatikhana in Saroornagar.The idea was to take a loan from the bank by pledging the land documents. Pandey reportedly told the revenue officials that he was the general power of attorney (GPA) holder of the property and wanted to sell the property to Qureshi. He provided the photostat copies of proceedings stated to have been issued by the then deputy collector and tehsildar of Saroornagar G Surender Reddy in November 2011. Apart from that a copy of pass book with No 430375 issued by Surender Reddy and a spiral-bound booklet with a cover note of legal opinion reportedly given by TST Sai, an advocate in the city, were also submitted by him.Chandra Reddy said since he was busy at that time, he asked the duo to come after two days leaving the copies and file of all the documents with him. \"When the documents were verified, we found that the said survey Nos 6/1 to 6/8 pertain to Victoria Memorial Home. Further verification of the documents, proceedings and pass book revealed that all the documents produced by them including title deeds were not issued by the mandal office,\" Chandra Reddy said.Interestingly the file No B/167/2011, dated November 24, 2011, pertained to right of records of Jalpally village and not that of land. The tehsildar even contacted Surender Reddy , who is retired now, whether he had given any proceedings pertaining to the land under question. The retired Tehsildar clarified that he had not issued any such orders earlier. Then, the Tehsildar approached the Saroornagar police and lodged a complaint on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794276", "title": "A graceful and stylish annual show", "text": "A popular technical courses institute celebrated their annual show and it was a good mix of traditional dance and a fashion show at Tagore Hall. Popular dancers Bharat Bariya and Akshay Patel enthralled the audience with their performance.The fashion show had boys and girls dressed in Indo-Western garments. The models on the ramp exuded style, attitude and confidence. With a fashion show and a cultural dance performance, the evening was filled with a right balance of entertainment , glamour and culture for the onlookers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791326", "title": "India assures Lanka of safety standards at Kudankulam", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Sri Lanka on Friday discussed issues related to nuclear safety with New Delhi assuring Lankan authorities that it will comply with all international obligations in ensuring safety standards at Kudankulam. While the Lankan government has not officially raised concern over safety at Kudankulam, Indian High Commission in Colombo was forced to issue a clarification recently after a series of reports in local media about the risk being faced by Lanka because of the reactors at Kudankulam.``Both sides exchanged views on all aspects of civil nuclear cooperation and reaffirmed their commitment to strengthen bilateral cooperation in the uses of nuclear technology for peaceful purposes to mutual benefit of the people of the two countries,'' said a joint statement after a meeting over civil nuclear cooperation between the officials of the two countries.``It was agreed that the two sides would work towards a comprehensive Agreement on Bilateral Civil Nuclear Cooperation. Discussions included, inter alia, training of officials, nuclear safety and response to nuclear accidents,'' it added.In its clarification, the Indian High Commission had said that all nuclear power plant sites in India are capable of managing the radioactive wastes generated at these sites and that each of them has adequate facilities for handling, treatment and disposal of such waste, in line with international standards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16791405", "title": "Corp seeks govt help to set up new waste plant", "text": "KOZHIKODE: As the contract of the agency that runs the waste treatment plant at Njeliyanparamba trenching ground due to end in eight months; the corporation authorities are planning to approach the state government for setting up a modern waste treatment plant there.Mayor A K Premajam said that the corporation would write a letter to the urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali next week, urging him to hold a meeting at the earliest to take a decision in this regard.The civic body received a letter from the secretary of the local self government department directing the civic body to go ahead with the setting up of an advanced treatment plant at the Njeliyanparamba trenching ground. The government later announced that it would set up treatment plant if the civic body agrees to handover the land to the government.\"We need to find a permanent solution as the contract of the existing plant at the trenching ground ends in 2013, June,\" said the mayor. \"We heard that the state government has shortlisted the names of some agencies for the construction of a new treatment plant. A new treatment plant should come up before the existing plant's licence ends,\" said the mayor.The Njeliyanparamba plant, which was set up four years ago with the help of Delhi-based IL&FS; Company, is spread on around two acres. It has the capacity to treat only 60 tonnes of waste per day.Meanwhile, the civic body is planning to popularize the disposal of waste at the generation point itself. It has earmarked fund to popularize bio-gas plants, pipe composting and vermi composting in corporation limits.The corporation has earmarked Rs 71 lakh to provide subsidy to set up the units. The civic body plans to set up 25,000 pipe composting, 2,500 vermi composting and 2,500 bio gas plantsand plans to bring down the daily volume of waste dumped at the Njeliyanparamba trenching ground from the current 60 tonnes to 20 tonnes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16791263", "title": "Tata Consultancy Services, Infosys likely to sign lease deed during Global Investors' Summit", "text": "INDORE: Information technology (IT) majors Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Infosys are likely to sign the lease deed with the state government about the land allotted to them by the end of this month. The state cabinet has already cleared 100 acre of land for TCS, the other IT firm, Infosys will be given 130 acre of land to set up their units here.The two IT majors would be biggies be able to kick off work on their ambitious projects in the Super Corridor area only after signing of the lease deed.When contacted, N P Mishra, regional manager, (finance &amp; account), Infosys, said, \"We had sent a set of queries to the state government to which they have replied. Currently, we are going through it. We are hopeful of signing the lease deed soon.\"However, a source familiar with the development said that Infosys wanted to know about the standard practices being adopted by the state government on land allotment on which the state government has promised that it would do its best to address it while preparing the draft for signing of the MoU.When contacted, Hari Ranjan Rao, IT secretary of MP, said, \"We have already clarified our stand by replying to the queries by Infosys and TCS. We are trying our level best to complete the formalities with the two companies before the Global Investors' Summit (GIS). Otherwise, we are confident of signing the lease deed during the forthcoming GIS.\"A source at TCS also confirmed that the lease deed would be signed with the state government. But he refused to say anything on the deadline.Manish Singh, managing director, Audyogik Kendra Vikas Nigam (AKVN), Indore, said, \"I've already spoken to the Infosys officials. They have informed that they would begin the developmental work at the proposed site, including line development and construction of boundary wall, within six months from now, subject to completion of lease deed formalities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "rajkot/ahmedabad", "code": "16792071", "title": "Vitthal Radadia guns for 2nd son\u2019s ticket", "text": "RAJKOT/AHMEDABAD: If Congress MP Vitthal Radadia has his way, his younger son too will contest the assembly polls in December. Radadia, whose elder son Jayesh is already an MLA from Dhoraji-Jamkandorna constitutency, has sought ticket for his younger son Lalit from Dhoraji.Jayesh was elected after Radadia vacated his seat after becoming the MP in 2009 Lok Sabha polls.An influential Leuva Patel leader in Saurashtra, Radadia wants Congress to pitch his son from Dhoraji and Jayesh from Jetpur. Radadia has represented Dhoraji in the state assembly five times and chances are bright that Lalit tastes electoral success here.Sources said that Radadia wants Jayesh to change his constituency to Jetpur. After delimitation, the Dhoraji assembly constituency has seen a change in its formation. Earlier, it was known Dhoraji-Jamkandorna but now, Jam Kandorna has merged with Jetpur while Upleta, a Kadva Patel stronghold, came into the Dhoraji constituency.Radadia holds a considerable clout among farmers in the region and is also the chairman of Rajkot District Co-operative Bank. When Saurashtra was reeling under drought, his bank waived off farmers loans, a move that is very likely to work in his favour during the polls.Analysts said that Radadia can afford to throw in weight in the Congress as besides his own clout, he recently impressed the party high command by bringing in large number of farmers from across Saurashtra for UPA chief Sonia Gandhi's rally in Rajkot on October 2, making it a huge success.Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi confirmed that Radadia has demanded ticket for his younger son. \"Every leader and worker has the right to put forward his claims, but the party, while deciding the ticket, will consider each candidature on the basis of the winnability of the individual.\"Radadia, who was formerly with BJP , had switched sides with Shankersinh Vaghela in 19989 and later joined the Congress.But the change of the parties did not stop him from getting elected as a MLA from Dhoraji.Bavalia's choiceKuwarjibhai Bavalia a MP from Rajkot has again demanded a ticket from Jasdan. Sources said that Bavalia feels that if Congress comes to power in the state, he stands a better chance to make it to the cabinet. He has expressed his desire to the high command that he was willing to resign as an MP if the party comes to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16791124", "title": "Govt must bring white paper on land acquisition scam: Greater Noida residents", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nearly a year after the Allahabad High Court directed the UP government to institute an inquiry into the anomalies in the acquisition of land in Greater Noida, a section of residents of the area alleged that the state government has failed to comply with the court's directives.Alleging that some officials of the government acted in collusion with the builder lobby, the residents also submitted a five-point memorandum to the chief secretary, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner among others, demanding that the entire process of allotment of land for group housing plots should be done through e-tendering or a transparent auction mechanism. Among other demands, the Greather Noida residents have called for the scrapping of the practice of allotting the land on eight-year installment basis to \"profit-making\" builders, mandating all projects be completed in three to four years, and, scrapping the practice of allotting group housing plots under consortiums to smaller residential projects.Reacting to the allegations, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta said: An inquiry has been made into the Greater Noida land acquisition case. I have travelled to the region myself to assess the situation. The findings of the inquiry have been shared with the government and the file has only come back to me a few days ago. Now, it is up to the department concerned to take action against the persons who have been indicted in the report.''Conducted in May 2012, the findings of the inquiry suggested that several chairmen and CEOs of Greater Noida Authority, appointed between 2002 and 2011, including senior IAS officials, colluded with the builder lobby to acquire land for industrial use, but changed the land use to \"residential\" later. Among the several officials named in the process was former bureaucrat Mohinder Singh, believed to be close to the former BSP regime, but who has now retired from service. Gupta conducted the inquiry on the directives the Allahabad High Court, in 2011, ordered an inquiry into the anomalous allotment of land, among other irregularities, by the Noida and Greater Noida authorities.Though the state government had then turned down a request for a CBI enquiry into the matter, top-level government officials were deputed to conduct an inquiry and report the matter. The probe was started by senior IAS officer Sanjay Agarwal but eventually handed over to Gupta.In May, Income Tax department officials carried out searches at the offices and residences of three general managers (GMs) of the Greater Noida Authority and a chief finance officer of the Noida Authority. These officers were said to be close to prominent people in the BSP government. The income tax department had also raided some establishments of four builders against whom allegations of undue clearances to projects, land allotments, tenders and payment to builders were levelled. The raids were said to have been conducted following complaints of irregularities in projects worth several crores. Following these allegations, the court also denotified the land in eight of the 11 villages in the area. Cases in more than 40 villages are still pending in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790892", "title": "No shortage of LPG in state", "text": "JAIPUR: Dispelling all fears over shortage of LPG cylinders ahead of the festive season, the Indane Gas branch of the Indian Oil Company has clarified that there is no shortage of the cooking gas in both subsidized and non-subsidized categories in the state.The company has also advised consumers to keep proper records of their refill supplies and fill up the 'know your customer' form to ensure flawless service.LPG cylinders of Indane Gas will be made available with any hassles on booking by customers in the state, a company press release said. \"As per the recent scheme announced by the Union government, customers of LPG cylinders, including Indane, are eligible for three more domestic cylinders till March 31, 2013,\" the press release said, adding \"With effect from April 1, 2013, LPG customers will be entitled to only six domestic subsidized LPG refills per financial year.\"However, there are no restrictions on the availability of non-subsidized LPG refill cylinders. Customers are free to buy as many cylinders as they want beyond the six subsidized cylinders.To avoid any inconvenience, the company urged its customers to stick to the system of booking their cylinders through IVRS and SMS over the mobile number 9785224365. This facility is available in Jaipur and Jodhpur. Other users can books their refills through available telephone numbers of LPG distributors. The company said customers should avail the facility to ensure that refills reached only to the genuine users. In case of any complaint, Indane consumers are free to call at toll free number 18002333555.For the hassle free supply of cylinders, the customers are also advised by the company to maintain proper records of their bookings and delivery. Those consumers who have not issued the domestic gas consumer card (Blue Book) should get one from their distributors. To streamline the distribution, the company is also in a process of maintaining the 'know your customer' (KYC) forms and requested customers to cooperate in completing the exercise early.For the customers seeking new connections, the company has instructed all the Indane distributors to accept the application forms and provide a system generated registration number at the time receiving. On intimation by their respective distributors, customers can avail their new LPG connections after completing the required formalities. However, it will take some time as the oil companies are preparing the interlinked software to update the records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "16791261", "title": "Gumla workers benefit from govt schemes", "text": "GUMLA: Around 100 labourers, mostly women, were provided benefits under various welfare schemes by the labour, employment and training department of the government here on Friday. Sewing machines, bicycles and carpentry kits were given away to those labourers who have been registered with Jharkhand Building and Other Construction Workers Welfare Board.District labour superintendent Ramesh Kumar Singh said, \"Women labourers for bicycle schemes were selected from different blocks after visiting construction sites while stitching machines were distributed among women who were imparted 20 days training in the sewing trade.\" As many as 42 women hailing from at least six blocks of the district were provided with bicycles, 39 sewing machines and 15 carpenters were given carpentry kits by Gumla MLA Kamlesh Oraon, DC Shubhendra Jha, and SDO, G S Prasad. Singh said more labourers would soon be considered for welfare schemes.Of the 16 welfare schemes, only five schemes are being executed presently, said an officer of labour department here.\"The objective of providing training in different trades and supportive requisites is to uplift the labourers of the unorganized sector in the district,\" Singh said, adding, \"The labour department has identified over 50 categories of labourers. Over 2,800 women labourers engaged in construction work here have been registered with the district labour department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16791403", "title": "No land yet for Malayalam varsity", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Even though the authorities concerned are committed to starting the functioning of the Malayalam University on November 1, the Keralapiravi day, there is still uncertainty over the location of the proposed university campus in Tirur. The university was announced by the chief minister last October.The university is expected to start functioning from a temporary building in Thunjan Memorial College. On October 20, special officer of the university K Jayakumar will convene a meeting in Tirur to discuss the programmes to be held on the day of inauguration.However, Janakeeya Samarasamithi leaders have announced agitation programmes against land being acquired for the university at Vettam panchayat. The decision to set up the university in Vettam was taken at an all-party meeting in Tirur in August. But soon after the announcement was made, the people in the panchayat formed the Janakeeya Samarasamithi to resist land acquisition.The government's decision earlier was to set up the university near Thunjanparamba. And as per that decision, authorities identified land near the Thunjan Memorial College campus for the purpose and started the process to acquire land. But when a group of locals in Athavanadu protested, the government decided to shift the project to Vettam.A final decision on the location of the university is now expected to be taken at the October 20 meeting.Revenue department officials have already informed the authorities about the protest against the decision to acquire land at Vettam.Samarasamithi leaders have been alleging that authorities had been threatening the locals for launching an agitation against land acquisition. Samithi leader P K Chandran said the samithi would take out a march to the Vettam panchayat office if the authorities forcibly tried to acquire land at Pachattiri in the panchayat. He said the local MLA had promised them that the university would not be allowed to be set up in their area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16789246", "title": "UP minister quits over Gonda CMO kidnapping", "text": "LUCKNOW: Minister of state for revenue Vinod Singh alias Pandit Singh on Friday afternoon resigned from the Akhilesh Yadav ministry for his alleged involvement in the 'abduction' of Gonda chief medical officer Dr SP Singh to force him to get candidates of his choice appointed.The controversy over the alleged abduction seemed to boil over Friday evening with Dr SP Singh joining his duty. Gonda district magistrate (DM) Abhay, who was on leave for the past two days, also took charge on Friday.The parties involved appear to have taken the first step to undo the damage the controversy had caused to the government's image. \"The DM Gonda was actually out of station to attend an important meeting and has returned on Friday. The CMO has also reported back,\" Janaradan Baranwal, the chief development officer (CDO) Gonda told TOI Friday evening. Efforts to contact the DM and CMO Gonda failed as the DM was said to be busy in a meeting and all calls to the CMO's cell phone went unanswered.Vinod Singh's resignation has come as the first move in connection with the CMO's abduction almost 84 hours after the incident. On Thursday, top officials of the state home, police and health departments remained unanimous on the requirement of a written or verbal compliant from the victim or his family to form the basis of action that could be initiated by the government.The apprehensions of the Singh family had gained ground in the backdrop of the fact that the CMO had failed to turn up before chief minister Akhilesh after he summoned him on Thursday to get a first-hand account of the incident. Adding to the mystery was the statement of Vinod Singh on the whereabouts of the CMO. \"As per the allegations leveled on me, the CMO was escorted to Lucknow in police protection. If they could escort him to Lucknow, then why did they not take him to his house as well,\" said Vinod Singh.As the news about Vinod Singh's resignation being accepted spread , scores of supporters of the minister staged a protest outside the CMO office in Gonda. Vinod, however, claimed that none of these protestors were his supporters. About his resignation, he said, \"Let the whole thing be investigated by any committee, and I will come out innocent because all this is a conspiracy of my political rivals and government officials who oppose me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16789935", "title": "2% Dearness allowance increase for state government employees", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Friday announced increase in dearness allowance (DA) for its employees and pensioners by seven per cent with effect from July 1, 2012, an official release said on Friday.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik took the decision, days after the central government raised DA for its employees. Consequently, the DA for serving and retired state government employees, including those working in aided educational institutions, has become 72 per cent of their basic pay, making it at par with that of their central government counterparts.Finance department sources said the government would shell out an additional Rs 400 crore annually to meet the extra expenditure. Currently, the state government salary and pension bills stand at around Rs 6800 crore and Rs 2500 crore respectively, sources added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16793734", "title": "Riteish Deshmukh mediates between Ramu &amp; Karan Johar", "text": "The ongoing love-hate relationship between filmmakers Karan Johar and Ram Gopal Varma, with both parties exchanging barbed and veiled insults, has now reached a flashpoint.Ramu's recent, apparently sarcastic, tweets about Karan Johar's Student of the Year has again brought the Johar-Varma animosity out in the weapon. Ramu's torrent of tweets include such gems of sardonicism as, \"I rate Karan Johar far far higher (sic.) Than Mehboob Khan, V Shantaram, Raj Kapoor , Guru Dutt and Bimal Roy\" and \" Kuchkuch ho gaya mujhe Student Of The Year trailer dekhte dekhte\".Apparently Karan Johar who likes to give back Ramu as much he gets this time asked a mutual friend to tell the virulent Varma to back off.And that friend is none other than Riteish Deshmukh. Says our source, \"Riteish has the distinctive advantage of being close friends with both Ramu and Karan. So he was deputed to mediate and put an end to the sarcastic tweets at a time when Karan is trying to wrap up the film on schedule.\"Riteish apparently rang up Ram Gopal Varma asking him to \"back off\". One doesn't know if Ramu took Riteish's advice seriously. Or whether he laughed it off.Says our source, \"It is unlikely that Ramu who loves tweeting for effect, would stop doing so just because he was asked not to do it. He is the kind of guy who would do exactly what he's urged not to.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16789267", "title": "Sardinha cocks snook at 'special package'", "text": "PANAJI: Dismissing the argument of a special package from the Centre for mining-dependent people by the BJP and his own (Congress) party, Goa pradesh Congress committee (GPCC) working president and member of Parliament for South Goa, Francisco Sardinha, said on Friday that it is not possible to get such a special package.Speaking to reporters, Sardinha said that the government should come out with a road map and not ask the Centre for the special package as \"it is not possible in this country.\"He also said that he will take up the issue of suspension of environment clearances with the minister for environment and forests Jayanti Natarajan, so that the suspension of mining ECs is revoked.Sardinha also said, \"My intention is that legal mining should start immediately and illegal mines must be stopped.\" He also said that money should be recovered and should be used for the development of the state.\"I will do whatever is required at the Centre to start legal mining in the state,\" Sardinha said, replying to a question whether or not he would meet Natarajan to revoke the EC's suspension, so that mining operations can start in Goa.Sardinha also demanded that the state government should reschedule road tax for trucks till mining is started in the state. \"Give them a tax holiday till everything resumes,\" he added.Sardinha, who is also chairman of the parliament estimate committee, held a meeting with the mines and environment and forest secretaries to discuss Goa's mining issue.He also stated that he was surprised by chief minister Manohar Parrikar's statement that the Supreme Court vindicated his stand. Sardinha also said that the whole economy in the mining belt has already started suffering, and that \"it hascollapsed\".Sardinha told reporters that he had assured truck owners, barge owners and the MPT that he will take up the issue with the government of India, to start the legal mining.Commenting on the Ladli Laxmi scheme, he said that it is a BJP scheme and only BJP supporters benefit from it. He also said there is money in the treasury only to pay salaries of government staff, but not for development work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16791210", "title": "Hazaribag civic body bans polybags", "text": "Hazaribag: The district administration and the Hazaribag Municipality on Friday banned the use of polythene and polythene bags below 40 microns after issuing notices to traders, residents and hoteliers.This move was taken with a view to keep the town clean and the choking drains free from pollution. On this occasion, a rally of schoolchildren was organized here by the Canary Eco Club, an NGO, to create awareness among the people about the harm created by the use of polythene.The rally was addressed by chief executive officer of the municipality-cum SDO of Hazaribag (Sadar) Rachna Bhagat who appealed to all, particularly the traders and hoteliers to follow the instruction and take pledge not to use polythene bags. The SDO said she would move around the city for random inspection and \"if it was found that people have ignored the ban, legal action will be taken against them\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789158", "title": "Net crooks stole without alerts", "text": "NEW DELHI: If your phone SIM gets deactivated suddenly, rush to change your net banking access details. Police on Friday announced they had busted a gang that hacked people's accounts after getting their SIMs deactivated, transferred funds to forged accounts, and cleaned out the cash through ATMs in Delhi and Noida before the victims could start getting bank alerts again. To make matters worse for the cheated account holders, the gang saddled them with unwanted loans by applying online.DCP south Chhaya Sharma said the accused are in the mid-20s and had cheated at least two people since July. The gang of four included Vishal Aggarwal, the mastermind and a computer expert; Jitender Mishra, a bank executive; Prince, who handled bank operations and opened accounts to transfer money, and Yogesh Gupta, who withdrew cash through ATMs.Sharma said Jitender would initiate a fraud by passing on the customer ID and password of an account holder to Vishal, who would scan social networking sites to get the photographs and other personal details of the target to make a fake ID. Prince, meanwhile, would open a bank account using forged documents, to transfer funds. Once their groundwork was done, Vishal would report the loss of the account holder's SIM card, resulting in its deactivation. The customer would now be left without an alert service for a day at least. And the gang would use this window to transfer funds to its account through net banking.As soon as the transfer was completed, Yogesh would start withdrawing money through ATMs in Delhi and Noida. The victim would not get to know about the loss till a day later when he got his SIM reactivated. Police said the gang would also replenish a part of the withdrawn funds in the victim's account by applying for a loan on the victim's behalf.Sharma said a Vasant Kunj resident, Colonel Rajiv Gaur, fell prey to the gang in September. His SIM got deactivated on September 13, and it was not revived till September 17. When he turned on his mobile with the new SIM, he received an SMS about approval for a loan request of Rs 3 lakh. At the bank, he found that Rs 6 lakh had been transferred from his account to the account of a person named Rahul, through net banking.Police came to know that the recipient account was a salary account of an auto manufacturer at a private bank in Noida. \"Using various documents and CCTV footage, the SHO of Vasant Kunj north, KP Malik, found out that 'Rahul' really was Prince Pal Singh. CCTV footage showed the man who withdrew cash from ATMs was not the one whose photo was on the account opening form. The complainant's call detail record also revealed that his mobile number was active during September 13-17,\" Sharma said. \"Every bit of information was analyzed. Using technical surveillance and local intelligence, we caught them. They also cheated Rahul Chand of Rs 5 lakh in July,\" Sharma added.SBI ex-manager heldA former bank manager has been arrested for allegedly sanctioning loans on forged documents. Mahesh Mehta, a customer, who got a loan sanctioned through fraudulent means has also been held.Sukhpal Singh, who was the manager at the Jama Masjid branch of SBI, got 42 personal loans sanctioned, of which 27 were not repaid and in four cases the documents were found to be forged, said Devesh Srivastava, addl commissioner of police (central). The arrests came following investigations into a complaint by M S Kardam, branch manager of SBI's Jama Masjid branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16791796", "title": "Devout to protest against acquiring temple's land", "text": "MANGALORE: Residents near Kantheri Dhoomavathi (KD) temple and Daivasthana Horata Samiti (DHS) have opposed the acquisition of the temple's land for phase I of the Mangalore Special Economic Zone (MSEZ).Addressing mediapersons on Friday, the temple's managing trustee Lakshana Chowta said despite strong opposition from devotees including 350 Nellidadi Gutthu families who worship the deity and the samiti, about 37 acres of land belonging to the temple has been notified for MSEZ. \"The process of land acquisition has been completed,\" he added.When the villagers planned to take up protest against land notification sometime ago, the then MSEZ managing director AG Pai had assured them that the temple' land would not be acquired.\"However, now a company has come forward to demolish houses of Nellidadi Gutthu family,\" he added.He added that DHS will stage protests to fight against the land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791802", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal lodged in Bawana \u2018jail\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The confrontation between Arvind Kejriwal and the government over the allegations against law minister Salman Khurshid's NGO of siphoning off funds for the disabled escalated on Friday with the India Against Corruption activist being forcefully removed from a dharna and bundled off to a makeshift jail in Bawana. This disrupted a protest by the Rashtriya Viklang Party at the Janpath-Rajpath intersection which was staged after it failed to have a meeting with prime minister Manmohan Singh.Around a hundred disabled people and India Against Corruption supporters had gathered in the lawns opposite National Archives to march to the prime minister's residence, demanding a meeting with him or resignation of the law minister. It was initially planned as a one-day protest . The march started around noon from the lawns but was stopped by the police at the Rajpath crossing, barely 50 metres away. Determined to carry on with their protest, the marchers then sat right there at the crossing.Kejriwal stressed that arresting Khurshid and his wife was essential as they would interfere with any investigations . \"They are very powerful and will be able to wipe out the evidence. They can put pressure on witnesses. They should be arrested,\" he said.Around 2pm, the police asked the protesters, which included Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai, to leave and instead try for a meeting with the PM. The activists were in no mood to listen as they said they had done that earlier. This was Kejriwal's cue to announce an indefinite protest, demanding the resignation and arrest of Khurshid and his wife. This led to a deadlock, and within minutes, the cops had moved in, bodily lifting the demonstrators - even dragging some of them - to force them into waiting DTC buses and a police van.The cops said the protesters did not have permission to hold the agitation and were being detained under Section 65 of Delhi Police Act.Many protesters courted arrest but others refused to budge and had to be forcefully removed. \"When I saw our people being detained, I sat down, not wanting to leave. The police picked me up and shoved me into a bus. It is not a major injury but I sprained my wrist,\" said Virender Kumar, 23. A disabled protester, Virpal , alleged that he had been dragged by the cops. \"I was sitting there peacefully. They took away my cycle first and then dragged me all the way to the bus. There are bruises on my shoulder,\" he said. Kejriwal later said that one of the protesters had got seriously injured and was admitted in a hospital.At the Gol Dakkhana crossing, IAC supporters forcefully snatched the keys from the driver of the bus that had Kejriwal and Sisodia in it. The protesters, who were shouting slogans, blocked the way by lying down on the ground. This prompted the cops to push the bus.After a 20-minute drama, police shifted Kejriwal to a van - giving him the rough treatment - and drove him away to the Rajiv Gandhi Stadium in Bawana. The other protesters, including Gopal Rai, were initially detained at the Parliament Street police station and later taken to Bawana.Speaking at Rajiv Gandhi Stadium, Kejriwal said they would head back to Parliament Street, if released, to continue the protest. \"We are not being rigid. The country is being rigid against the government . Khurshid siphoned off huge amounts of money meant for the welfare of disabled people. As soon as we are allowed to leave, we will gather at Parliament Street and continue the protest,\" he said.At the Bawana stadium, more than 250 supporters from nearby villages like Prahaladpur , Alipur, Narela and Mamurpur gathered outside the stadium late in the evening to express support for him. They blocked the road in front of the stadium and claimed that more were on their way. No arrangements had been made to provide food to those detained.In a late night tweet, Kejriwal alleged that police were \"selectively picking up volunteers and beating them up\" to \"terrorize\" them. Police denied the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16791290", "title": "Surgeon to pay damages for leaving gauze inside patient", "text": "KANPUR: The consumer protection forum of Kanpur Nagar on Friday ordered Georgina Macrobert hospital and Dr KK Bhatnagar to pay a sum of Rs 2 lakh within 30 days of the order to a complainant for deficiency in services and carelessness in treatment.Phoolbagh resident Mohd Sahun claimed that he had consulted Dr Bhatnagar on March 29, 2007 after experiencing pain in the abdomen. On the basis of an X-ray report, the doctor advised Sahun an operation to remove stone from his right kidney.The doctor performed the operation at Macrobert hospital on March 30, 2007 and Sahun was discharged on April 11, 2007. After the operation, he experienced regular pain in his waist and discharge of pus from the operated section. The problem continued despite Dr Bhatnagar's claim that proper dressing and medicine would cure the same.After conducting some more examination, the doctor told him there was some problem at the operation spot. He again admitted him in the hospital for a week and eventually asked for another operation.The complainant claimed that he had then contacted his brother in Nagpur and gone there for treatment. He was admitted in a hospital from February 21 to 28, 2008 and during this period he was operated upon. The doctor who operated upon him told him that a piece of gauze was left inside the incision during the first operation which was causing the trouble.Sahun said it was a clear cut deficiency of service hence he should be awarded a sum of Rs 8.5 lakh as damages, mental agony, treatment fee and future treatment.Dr Bhatnagar appeared in the forum and admitted that he had operated upon the complainant twice, but that the complainant had contracted infection due to his own carelessness. He said he was therefore not responsible for any damages and losses. He was a qualified senior surgeon and the complaint should be rejected, he said.The presiding judges LV Singh president and Ganesh Prasad &amp; Sumanlata Sharma, member of the forum consulted the documents and other evidence and observed that the a gauze piece was left at the time of first operation. A report issued on June 26, 2006 by Getwell hospital &amp; Research Institute stated that a gauze piece was removed from drain tract and the cavity washed with Betadine. They further observed that it clearly amounted to deficiency in services during the first operation and therefore Dr Bhatnagar and Macrobert hospital were liable to pay damages to the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16791013", "title": "'Composed' Arjuna does rehearsal", "text": "MYSORE: Forest authorities on Friday began the final stage of procession rehearsal for Dasara jumbos, from Mysore Palace to Bannimantap Parade grounds here.A wooden howdah was mounted on 53-year-old Arjuna during the rehearsal procession. The journey, which began at 8.30 am from Palace to the Parade grounds took nearly 100 minutes. Arjuna, accompanied by mahout Masti, carried about 930 kg weight on his back. He was energetic all along the 5-km procession route.DCF (Wildlife, Mysore) S N Devaraja told TOI that Arjuna looked composed during the march. It carried the wooden howdah, sand bags and two persons on its back. The total weight was about 928 kg. Arjuna marched along Albert Victor Road, Sayyaji Rao Road and Nelson Mandela Road and reached the the destination.This is the final stage of rehearsal which began after a traditional puja at Mysore Palace. Gajendra, another elephant, will also be trained in carrying the howdah on Saturday. Balarama is slated to carry the howdah during Sunday's rehearsal and Abhimanyu on Tuesday. As Monday is 'Amavasya,' authorities will not mount the howdah on any elephant for rehearsal.With Balarama growing old, the authorities are training other elephants too in carrying the howdah on Vijayadashami day. Accordingly, they are training Arjuna and Gajendra as a standby because the howdah elephant has to carry nearly 1,000 kg weight for nearly five hours on the final day of Dasara.With district administration selecting about 108 cultural troupes including tableaux for the carnival procession, the forest officials are a bit worried because the lead elephant has to carry howdah for long hours. Vet D N Nagaraj told TOI that Arjuna is strong and healthy and carried the howdah smoothly for 90 minutes. \"He looked calm all along the procession. We reached the destination around 10am.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16791258", "title": "Piqued by outages, people vent fury", "text": "TRICHY: Piqued at the prospects of experiencing frequent power cuts, irate public smashed streetlights at Illupur in Pudukkottai district on Thursday night after holding a midnight demonstration after the taluk was plunged into pitch-darkness. The mob also tore a few banners that highlighted the one-year achievements of the AIADMK. The police have filed cases against 26 people.TNEB's Trichy-based chief engineer Annadurai said though news came from Mettur Thermal Power Station that the trial run of the 600 MW plant achieved its full capacity, a tripping at one of the two Thoothukudi power plants played havoc on Thursday, and hence distribution was thrown out of gear. Annadurai said though the incident at Illuppur was unfortunate, the damage was not much. Only a few streetlights in front of the sub-station were smashed by the angry people.Annadurai said EB workers feared for their lives these days as there was increasing violence against them and EB establishments. Night duty employees at sub-stations were feeling increasingly unsecure now across the state. \"What can we do if there is not enough power generation; are we deliberately withholding it,\" asked Annadurai. He wanted the media to highlight the fact that TNEB was doing its best despite the shortcomings, and if people indulged in such acts of violence against the board, it would be detrimental to their own lives. \"We need to protect our people and property so that we can continue to do our service to the people,\" he said.Meanwhile, a large number of people under the leadership of Manapparai DMDK municipality councillor Rajkumar indulged in a rasto roko in front of Manapparai municipality on the Manapparai-Thuvarankurichi Road on Thursday, choking traffic for a few hours. The curiosity of passersby added to the chaos. Local tashildar Kolathur Pandian accompanied by police inspector Kummaraja rushed to the scene to pacify the people and promised to convey their feelings to TNEB.In another development, state deputy secretary of the Bhartiya Kisan Sangh P Ayyakkannu on Friday gave a petition to Musiri inspector to trace the \"missing quantum of electricity\" which he alleged was stolen by some corrupt EB officials to be sold at a premium to private mills. \"The EB says TN needs 12,000 MW power a day as against the availability of 9000 MW. That means a shortage of only 25%. Going by the EB's reasoning, we must get 18 hours of electricity. On the contrary, there is power cut lasting for 18 hours. So police must find out where the remaining power goes,\" Ayyakkannu said in his petition. Interestingly, police accepted the petition, and promised to do the needful, Ayyakkannu told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789690", "title": "Sedition charge gave cartoonist a windfall: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government told the high court on Friday that it had dropped the charge of sedition against cartoonist Aseem Trivedi.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a PIL that urged the court to declare Trivedi's arrest illegal. \"There is clearly no case under Section 124A (Indian Penal Code; sedition),\" said advocate general Darius Khambata. He called the application of the section a \"bonafide knee-jerk\" reaction of the police to complaints received against Trivedi's cartoons.Khambata said section 2 of the Prevention of Insults to National Honour Act and section 66A of the Information Technology Act will be applied to \"only three of seven cartoons\". \"Even for these, the best approach would be to ignore as they are technical violations\".The judges said that in another matter they had observed that nobody would have known Trivedi had it not been for the slapping of the charge of sedition on him. \"He has received a windfall,\" said Justice Shah, probably referring to his newly gained popularity.The judges and the counsels got into a discussion on political cartoons and praised those of R K Laxman. They said that even though Laxman's sketches were critical of the government, they had subtle humour, which made a reader feel good. \"Apart from anger, please introduce wit and humour (in cartoons),\" said Justice Shah. Khambata confessed he could not understand Trivedi's cartoons and the point they made.Trivedi's advocate Mihir Desai said that the magistrate in his order had called his cartoons a serious offence against the nation. \"After his arrest, everyone was shocked that the police had asked for his remand,\" said Justice Shah in response.Desai said that in view of the statement made by the government, his client would contest the remaining two sections.Khambata said the charge of sedition was \"erratically\" applied. \"There is a genuine misunderstanding of colonial provisions. The Supreme Court has laid down strict conditions under which sedition should be applied.\"He said he would advise the government to issue a circular to the police, setting out conditions, including seeking of legal opinion with reasons, for the application of sedition.The judges said this would help as judgments on sedition were not read by the police. \"The circular should be sent to magistrates as well,\" said Desai. A draft of the circular would be placed before the court, said Khambata.The judges said that during the next hearing, they will hear arguments on the scope of Section 124A in the context of the freedom of speech and expression. They directed that a draft of the circular be placed before the court at the next hearing, which will be on October 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790360", "title": "JICA asked to keep tabs on Hussainsagar clean-up", "text": "HYDERABAD: Save Our Urban Lakes (Soul), a city-based NGO, has urged the representatives of Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) to ensure that the Hussainsagar Lake Catchment Area Improvement Project being undertaken by Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) is implemented as per the directions of the Supreme Court.Jasveen Jairath, the founder-convener of Soul, social activists M Mandal and OM Debara met JICA programme specialist Emi Doyale and senior project officer Monika Ranjan who are in the city to review the lake clean-up project which is being funded by the cooperation agency. The activists told the JICA representatives that the clean-up was being carried out in violation of Supreme Court directions.Jairath said that HMDA had taken up construction of an 130 MLD sewage treatment plant inside the full tank level of Hussainsagar. They said that the treatment plant was cutting into the lake, as a result of which the lake area would shrink further. No permission has been obtained by HMDA from Supreme Court for construction of such plants, the activists said.The members of the NGO informed the JICA representatives of the dumping that had been taking place in order to lay a drainage pipeline (I&D; structures) with mud getting deposited in the lake area. Similarly, ecological parks at Khairtabad flyover and another opposite KIMS hospital were taken up by filling the lake area which was also in violation of Supreme Court orders, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16791117", "title": "UPERC refers UP Electricity Regulatory Commission chief letter to advisory body", "text": "LUCKNOW: The game of one-upmanship between UP Power Corporation chairman Anil Kumar Gupta and UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) took a curious turn when the commission referred Gupta's letter to the state advisory committee. Gupta had written to the UPERC to declare power tariff within five days. On Thursday, the commission said that the UPPCL chief had no authority over it and he can't direct it to declare the tariff. On Friday, it referred the case to the advisory committee, the highest decision-making body of the commission. Now, any adverse observation by the committee is sure to bring embarrassment for Gupta, one of the senior most bureaucrats in UP.Commission secretary Arun Srivastava, while issuing the order on Friday, said that the matter may be taken up by the committee as soon as possible. This is the second time in the history of UPERC that the SAC will take up the case pertaining to an official crossing the jurisdiction in exercise of powers without the consent of the commission which happens to be a quasi-judicial body. In 2007, the committee had imposed a fine of Rs 1 lakh on the then managing director of Dakshinanchal distribution company, Kripal Singh, under section 142 of the state electricity act, for passing orders that exceeded his jurisdiction.Interestingly, Gupta, who is also the principal secretary (energy) is also a member of the 21-member committee which has people like directors of IIT-Kanpur and IIM-Lucknow on board. The committee also comprises members from the industrial associations like the Indian Industries Association and the PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry (PHDCCI). Gupta is also the infrastructure and industrial development commissioner (IIDC).UPERC officials said that the committee would examine the facts under which Gupta passed such an order, which commission said, was not in conformity with the State Electricity Act 2003. Gupta, citing section 108 of the Act, directed the UPERC to issue the tariff order within five days of the issuance of the order. Gupta insisted that the tariff petition for financial year 2012-13 was filed long back, and all formalities including public hearing have already been completed. However, the tariff is yet to be issued, giving rise to financial problems of gigantic size. He added that the financial condition of the department has been precarious and hence it was prudent to improve the same. The commission, in a reply sent to the corporation, said that section 108 of the act only related to the matters of policy and was not related to determination of the tariff. The commission said that as a quasi judicial body it was in the process of scrutinizing the annual revenue receipts (ARR)/tariff petitions in all distribution and transmission licensees in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794326", "title": "Durga Puja must-haves in your wardrobe", "text": "Durga Puja is the perfect time to make a statement. Kolkata designers suggest the must-haves in your wardrobe this seasonAnamika Khanna Pujas in Bengal is essentially a religious celebration. I have always advocated Indian traditional wear for the festival. It is however interesting to experiment with accessories. Colours this season should be coral, orange and fuchsia. Ivory remains perennial, royal blue is a must. Some interesting ideas would be to team traditional taant or kantha with a belt and trousers. The Indian kurta paired with a waistcoat looks elegant. Benarasi dupattas can be teamed with very short kurtas and churidars.Dev r Nil Old and evocative is the moodboard for the Pujas. Imagine a soft and glowy look that reminds you of shiuli phool. The pristine image of the goddess before turning all fiery is what we had in mind. Dresses in white and gold , fitted silk ivory jackets with golden embroidery depicting a cluster of butterflies or goldfishes feature in our collection. Sleeves reach the elbows and are neither short nor three-quarters. These can be matched with organza skirts.Kiran Uttam Ghosh There's never a better time to go for a wardrobe makeover than the Pujas. This is the time when the latest replaces the 'last season'. Everyone wants to get it right during the festivities and make sure they put their best food forward on the muchawaited 'five' days.To me, this Puja is all about warm and vibrant colours. Go overboard with corals, reds, tangerines and make unusual combinations with sapphire, blue or grey. Keep silhouettes soft, romantic but unpredictable \u2014 a draped look with a gaudy belt or an embroidered jacket over asymmetrical hemlines.Sayantan Sarkar This festive season it's all about bling. Bright pastel shades and neon colours like coral red, electric blue and canary yellow are in this season. In saris, natural fabrics like Chanderis, south silks along with the timeless Benarasis and Maheswaris will in vogue. Go in for straight-cut Pakistani suits. Linen dresses, flowy shirts and jumpsuits form the frontline in western wear. Metal accessories can be thrown in liberal measures to add to the bling quotient. In men's wear, tailored shirts, lycra tees teamed with slim-fit trousers form the casual wear pick. A must-have for Pujas is a bandhgala. It could be teamed with a patiala or a dhoti. In accessories, sports shoes in vibrant colours, suede moccasins, gladiator chappals round up the style quotient for men.Agnimitra Paul This Puja, think dresses and jumpsuits if you want to go for a Western silhouette. Clean cuts with baroque-inspired embellishments are in vogue. Layer your look with capes and gilets but take care not to add bulk. As far as colours are concerned, crimson reds, purples and blues are the top hues this festive season. Saris are a big draw during Pujas. Choose from Chanderis, Ikkats and Kanjeevaram to get that drape right.Abhishek Dutta This Puja is all about Indo-Western styling. For women , anarkalis and jackets are in. Embellised yokes and interesting net sleeves are the key elements of design this season. In western attire, different kind of maxi dresses, dresses with asymmertical hemlines in varied candy colours or graphic prints are in. Jackets teamed with trousers, dresses, kurtis or saris will also look fashionable. Pre-stitched saris, lehnga saris, pre-pleated pallu saris, wraparound saris are the flavour of the season. Gorgettes and net are undoubtedly the winners. For men, bandhgalas with Jodhpuris, Nehru jackets with kurta and churi pants are a must have.(As told to Ruman Ganguly and Madhusree Ghosh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16792221", "title": "Work on South India\u2019s first power grid begins", "text": "HUBLI: Union power minister M Veerappa Moily formally launched the final lap of connecting the southern electricity grid to the national network in Askihalli of Raichur taluk by laying the foundation stone on Friday. Currently, all regional electricity grids are inter-connected except the southern grid. The Rs 1,963-crore project is undertaken by Power Grid Corporation of India and it would help prevent massive blackouts, like the ones on July 30 and 31. The synchronization of all the grids would be completed by the first quarter of 2014.He said for starting electrical generating units in their states, the respective power ministers will have to submit proposals seeking coal linkages for their states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16794626", "title": "Google Maps to help voters in next Delhi elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: The next Delhi assembly election may see the electorate accessing Google Maps for various poll related information like location of polling booth and checking their names in the electoral rolls.The initiative is being taken by the Election Commission to encourage people to exercise their franchise and the national capital is all set to become the first state to have the facility, chief electoral officer of Delhi Vijay Dev said today.Google Maps provide high-resolution aerial images of urban areas and the idea is to give information to voters through it.\"There will be special icon on the Google Maps identifying location of the voter registration centres. Anybody clicking on the icon will get all the relavent details,\" he said. Assembly election in Delhi is slated to be held in November next year.Asked whether there will be some arrangement with Google, Dev said Election Commission of India in consultation with Department of Electronics will finalise the project.The chief electoral officer said the commission will also come out with a special mobile application to help smart phone users apply for registration of their names in the electoral rolls.\"We are taking a number of initiatives to encourage the youths to enroll their names in the electoral rolls. We will soon come out with a special application for the purpose,\" he said.Dev said the mobile application will help people apply for registration of their names in electoral rolls in a hassle-free way as while applying on-line, young people often find it difficult to fill up the required information like name of their constituency and sub-division.\"In the mobile application, they will just need to punch in their names and residence address and all other required information like name of the constituency and sub-division will automatically come up in the relavant boxes,\" said Dev.The decision to go for mobile application was taken to encourage youths to enroll their names in elctoral rolls make them part of the democratic exercise.He said a fresh drive for comprehensive revision of electoral rolls with January one, 2013 as qualifying date will begin in the city on October 15.The chief electoral officer said people will be able to file claims and objections till November 14 and the revised electoral roll will be published on January 10, 2013.He said the objective of this exercise is to update the electoral roll by including the names of the eligible citizens who will attain the age of 18 years or more on January one, 2013 and to delete the names of non-existent electors due to death, shifting etc.The disposal of claims and objections will be completed by December 15 while updating of database and printing of supplementary lists will take place between December 15 and 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16789119", "title": "Gujarat MP threatens toll booth staff with rifle", "text": "VADODARA: Porbandar takes pride in being the birthplace of the apostle of non-violence, Mahatma Gandhi . But the person who now represents it in Parliament, Vitthal Radadia, is facing arrest for brandishing his rifle at a toll booth near Karjan in Vadodara district and threatening its staff late on Wednesday night.The 54-year-old was on his way to Bharuch in his SUV along with his driver, bodyguard and personal staff, when toll booth attendant Ajaysinh Thakore asked for his identity card. Radadia's driver produced a photocopy of the card, but Thakore insisted on seeing the original. \"Enraged by Thakore's demand, Radadia got down from the car and menacingly rushed to the booth with his rifle, threatening the booth staff,\" said investigating officer and Karjan police sub-inspector R M Vasava.Thakore filed a complaint against Radadia and five other people on Friday alleging that they threatened to kill him. Police have slapped charges of rioting with weapon and under sections of the Arms Act against Radadia.\"We confirmed from the CCTV footages that the person brandishing the weapon was Radadia. After conducting the investigations, he will be arrested,\" said Vadodara DSP Usha Rada.Radadia remained unapologetic. \"Some 15 people, mostly security guards, surrounded us saying the identity card shown by my driver was bogus and that I am a bogus MP. As an MP, I too have some esteem. I took out my licensed gun for safety and there was no intention to harm anyone,\" he told TOI.The MP belongs to the politically influential Leuva Patel community. The Congress is banking on this Saurashtra strongman's clout to sway the electoral fortunes in its favour in the upcoming elections.State government spokesman Jay Narayan Vyas described it as a serious matter. \"An MP taking law into his hand is deplorable. This exposes the Congress culture, which is increasingly becoming intolerant.\"The state Congress rushed to Radadia's defence, blaming the toll booth staff for disrespecting the MP by using objectionable language. \"Everyone is aware that MLAs and MPs are exempted from paying toll tax. Vitthalbhai is a known figure and despite showing his ID card, he was detained for nearly one hour. The staff even used objectionable language. Let the investigation be completed, the truth will come out,\" said state Congress spokesman Manish Doshi.Times ViewAnybody using guns to intimidate someone trying to do his duty is unacceptable. But when the person doing the intimidating is a lawmaker it makes it doubly so. Unfortunately, our elected representatives have got used to the idea that they are our \"rulers\" and hence entitled to various privileges, primary among them being the law not applying to them. It is time they realized that they are in fact intended to be public servants. If lawmakers themselves turn law breakers, what respect can we have for the rule of law, without which no civilized society can function? In such cases, governments must obviously act against the wrongdoers. But equally, the party to which the MP or MLA belongs must also act to show it does not condone such behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16792203", "title": "Crash course to tap booming retail sector", "text": "HUBLI: In the wake of the UPA government's decision to allow FDI into the retail sector, retail management is going to assume a great significance in the days to come. Sensing the need, an MBA College in the city has planned to start a certificate course in retail management for MBA graduates.The Institute of Excellence in Management Science (IEMS), Hubli, is offering the course from next month. The course would enhance the knowledge of MBA graduates in the retail sector and enable them to secure positions like store manager, retail manager, executives and supervisors in retailing companies. Retail management course will include both theory as well as practical classes. As part of practical classes, students will be sent to major retail outlets like the Big Bazaar , Shoppers Stop and other multi-branded retail companies for hands-on experience.Speaking to TOI, Srinivas Patil, director, IEMS, said that with the Centre's green signal to FDI in the il sector, there will be plenty of job opportunities for graduates, particularly MBAs with additional retail management skills and knowledge. MBA students can pursue this course along with their regular MBA course. \"Those who have completed MBA can also opt for the course. Initially, we have planned to restrict the course to two months while depending on the response, we may extend the period of the course,\" he added.Third year MBA student Akshay K said, \"There is no specific subject on retail management in MBA.Graduates armed with this course will have an easy entry into the retail sector. I am also planning to pursue this course to enhance my knowledge about retail sector.\" \"The course could help MBA graduates to sharpen their skills to fit into the retail sector. We are also anticipating that such course will become mandatory in other colleges once FDI comes into retail sector,\" opined Vishwanath Ginimav, secretary, Karnatak Chamber of Commerce and Industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16792146", "title": "\u2018Cases have doubled in last 5 years\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The crippling problem of arthritis is no longer a malady among the elderly. Even people in their 30s are becoming increasingly prone to the joint problem due to their improper lifestyle.Dr Manuj Wadhwa, who is the head of orthopaedics and joint replacement of Fortis Hospital, Mohali, said, \"In the last five years, the number of arthritis patients in 30-40 age group have increased by 100%. Those in this age bracket are careless about following an exercise regime and in many cases, the patients are suffering from obesity.\" With those in their 30s leading a high-stress life, including long hours of sitting, they have become more prone to inflammation of joints, the doctor added. \"Even patients in 45-55 group have been increased by 70 to 80%. The overall increase is close to 30-40%,\" he said, warning that late diagnosis might leave the patient with the only option of joint replacement.\"In 2009, 800 joint replacements were done whereas in 2010, 1,200 surgeries were performed. In 2011, 1,800 people got their joints replaced and the figure is likely to cross 3,000 this year. In September alone, 209 joint replacements were done,\" Wadhwa said.Dr Ravi Gupta, a professor in orthopaedics department of Government Multispecialty Hospital, Sector 16, said though there had been an increase in those suffering from arthritis, most of the people were in their 30s and 40s. \"We've observed that the patients are mostly women who are suffering from obesity. Earlier, people weren't aware about the seriousness of joint pain and would just visit their 'maalishwalas'. But now there is increased awareness. Lifestyle-related injuries have increased and if such a problem occurs near joints, chances of arthritis increase,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791320", "title": "Centre asks Haryana to set up women\u2019s cell in every district", "text": "NEW DELHI: Concerned over a spurt in rapes and other crimes against women in Haryana, the Centre has asked the state government to set up women's cells in every district for registering complaints and start anti-stalking helplines.In a communication, the home ministry asked the B S Hooda government to give top priority to distress calls from women and investigate all crimes against them after promptly registering FIRs.A home ministry official said the state government has been asked to give direction to all superintendents of police to report to the state police chief every day if there is any crime against a woman in their area of jurisdiction, send an action taken report and depute women police personnel for receiving complaints.The Haryana government has also been advised to carry out area dominance by police in places where frequent incidents of crime against women were reported to instill confidence among people.\"The state government has specially been asked to start anti-stalking helplines to offer help to those who are in distress,\" said the official.The directive comes close on the heels of a visit by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi to Haryana following several incidents of rape in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790354", "title": "Wildlife wing to boost meadow development in PAs", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bid to encourage speedy recovery of wildlife population, the state forest department plans to take up meadow development at relocated village sites in national parks, sanctuaries and tiger reserves.A strategy to boost meadow and grassland restoration will be planned at a two-day workshop jointly organized by the Melghat tiger reserve (MTR), forest department, and Satpuda Foundation (SF) with the assistance of Delhi University.The brainstorming sessions will be held in Melghat on Saturday and Sunday. The workshop will be inaugurated by principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi and principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) SWH Naqvi.The wildlife department is working on a voluntary relocation programme and has relocated 9 villages so far from the core area of Melghat, 1 from Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), 3 from Navegaon National Park and Totladoh encroachments.The process to relocate 4 villages in TATR, 1 in Pench and 3 in Tipeshwar is in progress. The plan is to restore grasslands at these relocated sites.KP Singh, chief conservator of forests (CCF) &amp; field director of Melghat, and Kishor Rithe, president of Satpuda Foundation, has expressed the hope that the strategy and guidance from this workshop will help speedy recovery of the wildlife population.All senior forest officers with the wildlife wing would attend the workshop mainly to understand best scientific practices of meadow development to encourage the indigenous floral species to bring the optimum herbivore population and thereby the tigers, leopards and wild dogs, main predators in these PAs.CR Babu, an eminent scientist and expert in grassland development in India, will guide the participants. Babu would come with his team including Rakesh Kumar and Pankaj Kumar from school of Environmental Studies of University of Delhi.The Centre for Environmental Management of Degraded Ecosystems (CEMDE) of Delhi University is working with the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) since long on this subject and has done a remarkable job in the tiger reserves like Corbett.SR Yadav from Kolhapur University, who is also a member of the Maharashtra State Biodiversity Board (MSBB) and environmentalist Pratibha Pande will also guide the participants.Gajanan Muratkar with Sipna College, Chikhaldara, has been already helping Melghat and Jaikiran Tidke, former head of botany department, Amravati University, who is pro-vice chancellor of Amravati University will present studies.Rithe informed the delegates will visit Vairat, Churni, Kund and Dhargad meadows as well as Borikheda to design the grassland development model around buffer villages to meet the requirement of domestic livestock so that their dependence on forest is reduced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16789778", "title": "Marriageable age: Khap meet today for consensus", "text": "ROHTAK: Members of Haryana's sarv khap mahapanchayat would meet in Sonipat on Saturday to discuss rising crimes against women in the state and evolve a consensus on its proposal seeking lowering of the marriageable age to check rapes.The umbrella body is going ahead with the meeting despite the flak it has drawn over the proposal that former Haryana Om Prakash Chautala has also backed.Kuldeep Dhanda, a khap leader, defended the suggestion saying it was made \"in the prevailing social context as the youth are attaining adulthood at an earlier stage compared to the earlier times''. He said if implemented, it would be just the minimum age and not the mandatory one. \"There are a number of youngsters, who get sexually active at early age. So what is wrong in getting them married.''Sarv khap spokesperson Sube Singh said the role of the mahapanchayat in checking crimes against women will also be discussed at the meeting as they have played a crucial role in controlling crime. \"The khaps have no sympathy for the perpetrators of such crime and rapists must be given stern punishment,\" he said. \"The khap leaders are likely to take major decisions to deal with the rising crimes against women.''He said khap panchayats have limitations, but they want the younger generation to inculcate and abide by good social values.Haryana education minister Geeta Bhukkal had on Sunday sought their intervention amid a spate of rapes and urged the khap panchayats to give a \"befitting reply\" to those committing atrocities against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791766", "title": "Brain-to-brain professor offers peek into future", "text": "CHENNAI: Communicating thoughts directly from one brain to another, via a machine and without any known means of interaction, is such a compelling idea that most people would give anything just to experience what it would be like.Professor Christopher James, a scientist from the UK who demonstrated brain to brain (B2B) communication in 2009, was in the city to give a lecture on Friday. In a fascinating discourse on 'Communicating Person to Person Through the Power of Thought Alone', James explained how he developed a system that could make possible what had earlier been limited to science fiction.The researcher, joint director of Institute of Digital Healthcare (IDH) at the University of Warwick, said work in the field of Brain-Computer Interfacing (BCI) helped him create a direct communication path between a brain and a machine.The machine acts as an intermediary to enable direct communication between two brains, he said. In an experiment, signals from one brain were read through electrodes, converted to binary 0s and 1s and transmitted to the brain of another person in the form of flashing LED lights of different frequencies. This allowed the other person to receive and interpret the signals in binary digits. \"It was a basic demonstration of B2B,\" he said. \"The key idea to grasp is that a person's eyes cannot distinguish between the different frequencies of flashing lights but a part of his brain, visual cortex, can.\"The recipient in the experiment could not interpret exactly what the signals meant but could perceive a pattern. \"It's not as if the first subject thought of a cat and the recipient visualised a cat,\" James said. \"But research in the future could make this possible.\"The researcher cited experiments in which a car was steered by thought and a cursor controlled on a computer screen to show that we may be closer to brain-to-brain communication than most of us realise.\"BCI holds great promise as a tool to enable people to communicate despite muscular failure or dystrophy,\" James said. However, he said, testing such technology on humans raised some ethical questions. \"While it has potentially great uses, we should consider when such technology should be used and why,\" he said, adding that the subject in most of his experiments was his daughter.\"I only used scalp electrodes on my daughter, since my wife wouldn't let me drill holes in my daughter's head,\" he said. Members of an audience whose curiosity he piqued had interesting queries in the Q&A; session of the lecture, organised by Institution of Engineering and Technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16790287", "title": "Women getting new backs for cholis", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Reema Patel, 32, has bought a string of backless cholis in myriad colours, cuts, and designs as part of her traditional Navratri wardrobe. Earlier this week, she also booked herself for a derma-abrasion procedure in which a cosmetologist removed multiple layers of skin from her back so that her back sparkles through the backless choli!\"My cosmetologist suggested two sittings of derma-abrasion for my back to be Navratri-ready,\" says Reema. \"It cost me Rs 15,000 but the shine is worth it. It will give me the confidence to wear the backless choli with elan.\"With Navratri beginning from October 16, women - young and old - are busy getting layers of skin removed from their backs to glitter in backless cholis, which are a fashion rage during Navratri. Doctors say that derma-abrasion and chemical skin peeling are the two most sought after procedures wherein four to five of the eight layers of skin are removed to make the back shine.\"Women get these procedures done mainly on their backs and faces to get an instant sparkle\", says cosmetologist and plastic surgeon Dr Hemant Saraiya.Saraiya says that while derma abrasion requires two-odd sittings and gives a temporary sparkle, chemical peeling requires three to four sittings and the shine is permanent.While shine is on the top of the minds of most women, there are some who have also gone under the knife to get their flabby stomachs tightened and love handles removed so that they can wear the traditional chaniya-choli attire with more confidence.Ragini Pathak, 39, underwent liposuction to get her love handles removed. \"I was not comfortable wearing chaniya and choli with my waist and love handles bulging out,\" says Ragini, a Satellite-based housewife.\"I prepared myself and went under the knife to look good. My only brief to the plastic surgeon was that I should be healed and raring to go by Navratri.\"While most women opt for procedures that will bring a shine to their skin, many women have undergone liposuction to trim their waists, and have had breast enhancement surgeries, says plastic surgeon Dr Bijal Parikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16789754", "title": "Radha-Govinda temple to come up in Las Vegas", "text": "AMRITSAR: Las Vegas - the gambling haven - will soon get a dash of spirituality. The first International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) Sri Sri Radha-Govinda Temple is set to come up at a cost of $2 million in the US city.\"The shrine will be built with Vedic architecture and have idols of Radha and Govinda . The idols will be installed after the construction is completed,\" said temple project manager Nimai Hemphill on Friday.The temple - a spiritual oasis - would serve the greater Las Vegas area which has a population of more than two million and also to 37 million people who visit the city each year, he added.Hemphill said the foundation laying ceremony would be held on October 14, which would include bhumi puja, kirtan and fire yajna, marking the beginning of the auspicious project. Aiming to spread Krishna consciousness throughout the 'Sin City', the temple - which lies two miles away from the Las Vegas Strip - would be part of a larger complex named Govinda's Sanctuary.Hemphill said Radha Jivana, owner of Sacred Threads, a clothing company based in Florida, was inspired to purchase the $240,000 property that could be a hub of Krishna devotees in Las Vegas.\"When the property was purchased in July, engineers and contractors estimated the cost for the new temple project to be $2 million,\" he said. Hemphill, who is also the owner of Hemphill Consulting based in Utah, is managing the construction project for Govinda's Sanctuary.Hemphill was born into the Hare Krishna movement, for his parents were disciples of the founder of ISKCON Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada. Temple president Surapala said the sanctuary would serve as a \"centre for spiritual education striving to preserve the values and traditions of the Vedic culture\". The sanctuary will feature a lotus room for yoga classes and seminars, a reference library with Vedic literature, gardens and meditation sites, and living quarters for visitors and guests as well as many other exciting facilities. While hailing the temple, president of Universal Society of Hinduism Rajan Zed said it was important to pass on Hindu spirituality, concepts and traditions to coming generations amid so many distractions in the consumerist society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16789888", "title": "Rid your voter ID of errors", "text": "BANGALORE: You still have time to change all those glaring errors in your voter ID cards. BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel on Friday said the draft electoral list will be issued on October 16 and will be open for changes till November 16, 2012.While it will be a battle before the ballot for hundreds of voters, owing to the erroneous Electoral Photo Identity Cards (EPIC) issued by the State Election Commission, the officials responsible were seen playing the blame game at a meeting organized at the BBMP headquarters on Friday evening.The meeting, held to discuss the rationalization of polling booths for the upcoming election, turned into a battleground as local MLAs from different political parties raised their concern over flawed EPIC cards. Referring to TOI's report on October 12, 2012, which had highlighted the glaring errors, MLA Nandeesh Reddy said the officials who committed the blunders should be suspended.Worse, the officials present had no clue how the errors occurred. Joint commissioner, Mahadevapura zone, SN Gangadharaiah, responsible for issuing the EPICs said, \"I will have to look into the matter. Till now, I have no information how such mistakes took place.\"\"Since these cards were issued in January 2012, we are not yet sure who is to be blamed for this. But we will probe it and initiate action. We will also ensure that these mistakes don't recur,\" said Rajneesh Goel, commissioner, BBMP, who chaired the meeting.The commissioner also informed that while identification of voters is road-based for the upcoming elections, it will be PID-based (Property Identification) from the next elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16790889", "title": "Demand for Mira Bai's name to be readded to AIIMS gets stronger", "text": "JODHPUR: Voices of dissent against AIIMS' (All India Institute of Medical Sciences) decision to drop the name of Mira Bai from the institute's name at its Jodhpur centre are gradually getting shriller.Personalities from political and civil society too have joined hands with Rajput organization to demand that Mira Bai's name be re-appended to the institute's name which began its maiden academic session from September 17 this year.\"We submitted a memorandum to the joint secretary (Union ministry of medical and family welfare), Rakesh Kumar on September 17, just after the inaugural function, and he had assured to look into the matter\", said Bhairon Singh Rajawat, manager of Rajput Sabha Bhawan.On January 31, 2004, then finance minister Jaswant Singh had laid the foundation stone of the Mira Bai All India Institute of Medical Sciences. Sushma Swaraj, then health minister, and Rajnath Singh, then agriculture minister, were also present on the occasion.Recently on his visit to Jodhpur, Singh expressed disappointment over dropping Mira Bai's name from the institution, and termed it a malicious and politically-driven move. A delegation from Jodhpur had also met leader of opposition, Vasundhara Raje, on Tuesday.State president of Rajasthan Jan Sangharsh Samiti Pukhraj Jain alleged that the decision was aimed at hurting the religious sentiments of not just Jodhpur but the entire Marwar region and also the state.Another organization Shree Rajput Karni Sena has undertaken a signature campaign to muster public support on the issue. \"We will be submitting a memorandum addressed to the PM and Union health minister to the divisional commissioner,\" said Man Singh Meratia, a member of the organization.A Mira Bai AIIMS Jodhpur Namkaran Jan Adhikar Samiti has also been constituted, whose members met Congress MP from Rajsamand Gopal Singh Idwa. \"He has also written to the Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad demanding Mira Bai's name be again added to the institute,\" said Shiv Singh of the samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "16790162", "title": "Trader abducted", "text": "HOWRAH: A 45-year-old trader from Howrah who was abducted in Jharkhand was rescued late on Friday night from a spot 40 kilometer far from Patna. The Howrah police have also arrested four persons for being involved in the case.On investigating a complaint by the trader's family, a police team accompanied by his daughter had earlier left to rescue him. Police said Mukesh Chowdhary, the middle-aged man from Belur, is a labour contractor who also has a garments trade. He left on a business trip to Patna on October 8.On Thursday, he reportedly called his family. \"He said over the phone that he is now in Jamshedpur. He asked his family to arrange Rs 8 lakh and take the cash to Jamshedpur,\" said an investigator. His family members told police that he had no reason to go to Jamshedpur which was not scheduled in the first place. His family became more suspicious as Chowdhury called them four times to ask for money. His family suspects that he has been taken hostage by a gang of criminals who are demanding ransom. On the basis of their suspicion, Mukesh's family members lodged a complaint with Bally police.Nisad Parvez, the deputy commissioner of Howrah City police said, \"We have initiated a probe on the complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16791379", "title": "MCC panel verifying Congress complaint", "text": "VADODARA: The model code of conduct (MCC) coordination committee has constituted a team to probe a complaint by Waghodia's Congress unit, which has accused the ruling BJP politicians, particularly an ex-MLA, of \"misusing government and district panchayat office's guest houses, government offices and telephones to carry out political work\".The complaint also accuses the taluka officials of being partisan for not removing the posters of the Chief Minister Narendra Modi , which were put up at Savli road before the code of conduct came into force.. The complainant M P Mehta, an office-bearer of Waghodia taluka Congress samiti, further accused the officials of discriminating between Congress and BJP in removing the posters which were put up during Swami Vivekananda Yuva Vikas Yatra. \"BJP's posters were not removed for a long time and later they were given back to the BJP by the talati office, instead of being confiscated, where as our posters were immediately torn up,\" he alleged demanding an immediate inquiry.Naming a former MLA for still using the government rest houses and taluka offices for the party use, Mehta also demanded that his name should be removed from the benches in public places which were constructed out of MLA grant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16791046", "title": "T20 stars are set to sizzle again, this time in Champions League", "text": "The year 2012 has belonged to Twenty20. The performances in the fifth edition of the Indian Premier League (IPL) were high quality efforts and the recent World T20 too proved to be a thrilling experience. It will only be apt if the money-spinning Champions League, the last of the short-format extravaganzas this season - matches the quality of the above tournaments and makes it a riveting affair.There's no reason why the tournament shouldn't be a cracker. The teams that are on board, the reputation that some of the entertainers carry and the television audiences - across Africa, Asia and Australia - that are likely to blur global time differences, will all be on the same page, rooting for some player, some team, some nation or the other.Saturday's opening match, at 5 pm India time, is between the Titans from South Africa and Perth Scorchers from Australia, two teams that have regularly topped the respective T20 leagues in their country's domestic circuit.The next match, starting 9 pm, is a clincher - reigning IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders led by Gautam Gambhir versus the Delhi Daredevils , boosted by the return of a fit-again Virender Sehwag.If Saturday promises to be entertaining, Sunday promises to be a sizzler. At 5 pm, the Chennai Super Kings , always the favourite for anything resembling T20, face Sydney Sixers, who boast of having players of the caliber of Shane Watson , Mitchell Starc, Pat Cummins and Brad Haddin among others.Four hours later, defending champions, the Mumbai Indians , starring Sachin Tendulkar and Harbhajan Singh enter the field as they take on the Lions, who lack in reputation, but not in experience.The Champions League is T20's proverbial 800-pound gorilla, a very costly affair, which pays the participating teams handsomely. To participate is to ensure that you never return empty-handed, and to add to it is the total prize money of $6m. $2.5m from that only goes to the winning team. If ever a team needed inspiration, here's one. How much does it get better than to have a match-up of the world's best T20 teams vying for prizes that hardly get bigger?The venue this year is South Africa again. The country has hosted high-profile T20 tourneys in the past. They hosted the inaugural World T20, in 2007, the IPL in 2009 and the Champions League in 2010. The weather this time of the year stays most suitable for a family outing and the grassy banks that adorn the Centurion and Newlands make the setting perfect for an evening barbecue.The broadcasters of the event are positive too. Matches have been scheduled to suit the vast Asian viewership, the sponsors are all on board, and as someone in the know of the developments points out \"90% of the sponsorship - on the ground and off it - is sold out.Digital media initiatives have been worked upon, Bollywood actor Ajay Devgn is on board as brand ambassador and the organisers have made sure that the tournament retains its share of spice and thrill.There are a total of 10 teams in fray with Auckland Aces and Yorkshire going past the qualifying round. Four are IPL toppers, two from Australia and two from South Africa. Most teams are at full strength, except for a few last minute injuries that have forced players to miss out. The Super Kings, for instance, head without Trinidadian Dwayne Bravo and there are question marks over Titans' AB de Villiers , as he too is nursing an injury.The rest, though, are raring to go. The next 15 days promise a lot of action indeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790924", "title": "State writers feature alongside literary giants at the book fair", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthani writers and poets - Bavaji Singhi Chatur and Kanhiyalal Sethia, have been placed side-by-side with literary gems like Safdar Hashmi, Kaifi Azmi and Munshi Premchand at the ongoing book fair organized by the National Book Trust at the SMS Investment ground. The fair will continue till October 14 from 11am to 9pm.The exhibition has books on varied genres and is drawing people from all age groups. Its special focus is on encouraging children to read and write. Scores of children visited the fair along with their teachers and parents and made the best buyers.Salam Ghazi, a student of Delhi Public School, found book fair unique and interesting. \"The fair is showcasing literary works of several writers at one place. I loved browsing children's books by so many different authors,\" Ghazi, also attended a Kavita Path which saw poetic narrations by leading poets. NBT on Thursday sold books worth Rs 50,000 and hopes to touch the one lakh mark on the weekend.Buyers in bigger cities crave for educational CD's and e-books, but Jaipur's youth still swears by books. Drona Group, dealers of educational CDs and DVDs, said they have received a lukewarm response at the fair so far.Dinesh Sharma, incharge of Drona stall, said, \"Students are not responding too well to our high quality electronic material. They are still apprehensive of using modern technology for educational purposes, which is surprising to us.\"Spiritual section at the book fair is getting very good response. Books on astronomy have a lot more takers than the contemporary authors.Foreigners, too, are thronging the fair for a date with literary figures. Ina Kastov, a resident of Austria, saw the board and walked inside. She was amazed to find such a wide variety of books on Indian yogis and spiritual gurus. \"Since childhood I have been fascinated by Indian gurus, their philosophy and life. I am sure the books I have purchased will expand my knowledge about them.\"Fiction and non-fiction titles are available in varied languages from Hindi, Urdu, English and Rajasthani. Around 117 publishers from across the country are exhibiting their books in 160 stalls at the fair.EOMJaipur: From literary gems-Safdar Hashmi, Kaifi Azmi and Munshi Premchand to Rajasthani writers and poets -- Bavaji Singhi Chatur and Kanhiyalal Sethia all are demand at ongoing book fair organized by the National Book Trust Book at SMS investment ground. The fair will continue till October 14 from 11am to 9pm.Fair us drawing hordes of people from all quarters and age groups. This time the special attention has paid on children to encourage them reading and writing. The decent turned out by them accompanying teachers and parents and returning back with reading material has made them best client.Salam Ghazi, a student of Delhi Public School found book fair unique and interesting. \"It has exposed me to literary works of several writers at one place. I loved to see books by different authors for children,\" Ghazi, also attended a Kavita Path which saw poetic narrations from leading poets. NBT has sold books worth Rs 50,000 on Thursday and hoping to touch Rs one lakh on weekend.Against the prevalent trend of CD's and E-books in bigger cities, Jaipur youths have trusted books over CD. Drona Group dealing in school education and animation through CD, DVD and software's admitted to have received a lull response from visitors.Dinesh Sharma, incharge of Drona stall said, \"Students are showing no response on out high quality content material. They are still apprehended on using modern means of communication which is surprising to us.\"Spiritual section is witnessing unprecedented rush on books authored by Yogis and Spiritual gurus. Books on astronomy fairing better than contemporary authors. Foreigners are thronging to have date with our literary figures.Ina Kastov, a resident of Austria saw the board and walked inside. She was amazed to find variety of books on Indian yogis and spiritual gurus. \"Since childhood I am very fascinated about Indian gurus their philosophy and living. I am sure books I have purchased will expand by knowledge on them.\"The fair is featuring fiction and non fiction titles from Hindi, Urdu, English and Rajasthani language. Nearing 117 publishers across will have around 160 stalls the fair is offering wide range of literary events like poetry reading, story telling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16789494", "title": "The Buddy Project &amp; Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikander has no similarities!", "text": "Sunshine Productions' youth show 'The Buddy Project' on Channel V is one popular show that has managed to impress the audiences with its amazing storyline and some excellent performances.The show in no time has acquired a number one position on the channel and the actors from the show are also gaining popularity with each passing day. Actor Kunal Jai Singh is one of them.Kunal who plays the role of the baddie Ranveer on the show may come across as a big flirt but in real life he is just the opposite. Kunal says, \"On the show I play a big casanova who loves to go for blind dates and date good looking girls. Ranveer is a rich Mumbaikar who belongs to an affluent family and he and KD ( Fahad Ali) can't see each other and are always are at logger heads. But trust me it's just a character that I am playing and we all actors get along very well.\" The Buddy Project which deals with the varied and diverse emotional connect between eight students and the educator is said to be similar to two Bollywood cult films Chak De India or Jo Jeeta Wahi Sikandar . But Kunal doesn't feel that this show has similarities with Chak De India or Jo Jeeta Wahi Sikandar, \"The premises of the films might be same otherwise there are no other things which you can compare\" says the actor. Kunal also adds, \"People have the perception that negative attracts but that is not the case it's also depends on the actor who plays the role and also the character.\" Right now the actor is busy enjoying the success of his show and the character that he plays, \"When I go to malls, kids come to me and ask for my autograph, and I can't explain its just an amazing feeling\" concludes Kunal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794365", "title": "A dazzling fashion show at Fresher's Day", "text": "Time to party The BBA students of BIT-Mesra's Lalpur extension recently threw a Fresher's Day party at a hotel to welcome the new batch of students. To break the ice, the seniors arranged various games like musical chairs, balloon dance and a fashion show. Needless to say, the freshers' had a gala time.On the dance floor Once the events got over, everyone trooped on to the dance floor, shimmying on the beats of latest chartbusters like Brown rang, Cocktail mashup and Disco deewane . Rajat's moves on the song Angreji beat impressed everybody while Namrata and Sandhya matched steps to Chinta ta ta.Silence please Amidst all the revelry, the entry of Speaker CP Singh as the chief guest made everyone fall in line. Nonetheless, the students enjoyed the event to the hilt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16795092", "title": "100 days for Naan E", "text": "SS Rajamouli's Naan Ee, which had Kannada Superstar Sudeep, Nani and Samantha in the lead, is all set to cross 100 days at the Box Office.The film also released as Makkhi in Hindi, andis receiving positive reviews from the celeb circuit and the audience.Naan Ee was also released in Telugu as Eega and the film was declared a hit at the Box Office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "16789634", "title": "ATS questions people who dealt with Asad, Imran", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Aurangabad anti-terrorism squad (ATS) continued to question people in touch with Indian Mujahideen operatives Imran and Asad Khan in Aurangabad and Nanded to gather more information about the duo and their dealings.Both were arrested by the Delhi police on Thursday when the special cell busted an Indian Mujahideen module with roots in Maharashtra. Three members of the module - Asad, Imran and Sayyed Feroze alias Hamza of Pune were arrested and explosives, detonators and other incriminating material were recovered from them.Police said the trio had engineered the August 1 serial blasts on Jangli Maharaj road in Pune.The module had planned similar blasts in Delhi and Bodh Gaya during the forthcoming festival season.The ATS is focusing on gathering information about individuals or groups, sent by the duo to Haj and Umrah in Saudi Arabia through their travel company Rehmania Tours and Travels.\"The ones who entered land dealings with Asad Khan are also being questioned to find out whether he was really into the business or was using it as a front,\" said Navinchandra Reddy, superintendent of police (ATS, Aurangabad). Asad's younger brother Hussain, who was brought to the ATS office on Thursday evening, was allowed to leave after questioning.Hussain told the ATS that Asad had dropped his wife to Ahmednagar about one and a half months ago and gone away saying that he was going for jamat, a ritual which involves prayers away from the family. Hussain refused to talk to his sister-in-law in Ahmednagar saying that he never spoke to her because of strict customs and practices followed in the family.Meanwhile, ATS sources said that people involved in business deals with Asad and Imran were being asked why they wound up their tours and travel business in Aurangabad and shut shop. Asad, who belongs to a well-to do family, had rented a shop belonging to a relative in Katkat Gate area.Meanwhile, the ATS also searched the residence of Imran Khan in Nanded. His father Wajed Ali Khan said the family cooperated with the officials and provided whatever input they had on him.\"We believe in the police and the judiciary. They must have arrested him due to some misunderstanding. We know Imran cannot be involved in any anti-national activity. We are sure the truth will prevail,'' Khan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790665", "title": "Cop sacked for holding boss captive", "text": "HYDERABAD: Giri Prasad Sharma, a head constable with the Police Transport Organisation (PTO) in Hyderabad, who created a sensation by holding captive his boss Lakshminarayana, was reportedly removed from service on charges of gross misconduct on Friday.Sources in the state police said that he was terminated from service following the inquiry report given by assistant inspector general Subba Rao into the incident.Lakshminarayana was held hostage for four hours before he was released. The officer was released only after DGP V Dinesh Reddy gave assurance to Sharma that his grievances would be looked into.tnnImmediately after the incident criminal cases were registered against Sharma besides DGP ordering a probe by AIG . However, Sharma was not arrested and was declared absconding by Saifabad police. Sharma has been under suspension from several months prior to the incident of kidnap taking place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791673", "title": "MNNIT, Allahabad among top 50 B-schools in country", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The School of Management Studies, MNNIT, has been ranked among top 50 Business-schools in the country.As per a survey of B-Schools conducted by prominent Indian news magazine, the School of Management Studies has been ranked 42nd in overall rank and 8th in terms of Return on Investment in the Country. MNNIT rank has been scaled up by three notches and finds a new place in top 10 on ROI ranking. Giving this information, director, School of Management Studies, Prof Peeush Ranjan Agrawal said, \"We hope to work towards intellectual and professional development of department in future. School of Management Studies and provide education with a global perspective with extensive application of socio-business dynamics and exposure to the students.\" He owed the achievement to the contribution of faculty members and other staff.MNNIT had set up the management institute in 1995 to cater the managerial needs of industry and corporate world . It offers dual specialisation in respective electives which ultimately enables students to develop and focus on their core competencies . The students get exposure of industry and real situation through components like industrial visit and rural survey based on contemporary issues. Besides the department is also engaged in organising seminars and conferences .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791913", "title": "Court issues order restraining online piracy of Suriya film", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has issued a 'John Doe' order restraining unknown persons from violating the copyrights of Tamil film 'Maattrraan'. John Doe or Ashok Kumar order is a legal tool to contain online piracy, as it is expected to restrain violators, whose identities are not known, from uploading copyrighted materials without permission.Justice K Chandru, granting the interim relief to Kalpathi S Agoram, producer of the Suriya-starrer, asked him or his representative to give information relating to specific infringement to internet service providers (ISPs), who would then block the link to the infringed material available online.The producer's suit listed 45 service providers, including BSNL, besides Ashok Kumar or John Doe, representing the unknown person/entity which uploads copyright-infringed material online. In March this year, Tamil film '3', directed by Rajnikanth's daughter Aishwarya became the first film to obtain the John Doe order from the Madras high court. The order, however, created an online mayhem as several websites were blocked by service providers.The court then clarified that the order pertained to the specific universal resource locator (URL), a specific character string that constitutes a reference to an internet resource, and not the entire website. Among other popular films that obtained similar John Doe orders was 'Gangs of Wasserpur'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16789770", "title": "CAT first day smoother than last year: Students", "text": "PUNE: The first day of the online Common Admission Test (CAT) on Thursday went smoothly with none of the three centres in the city reporting any problem, said sources from city-based CAT coaching institutes and candidates who took the test. The computer-based test will be held across 60 centres in the country till November 6.Sources in coaching centres, however, said very few students took the test from Pune on the first day, as most of them preferred to wait for some more days and in order to gauge the kind of questions that the test would ask.The centres in Pune were Navsahyadri Education Society's Group of Institutes, Naigaon, Bhor taluka, Sinhgad Institute of Management, off Sinhgad Road, and Padmashree Dr DY Patil Institute of Engineering and Technology, Pimpri.Twenty-year-old Ruma Dakwale, a candidate that took the test at Padmashree Dr DY Patil Institute of Engineering and Technology, said the centers for CAT are always on the outskirts of the city. \"One cannot complain about the distance as facilities for conducting the test may not be available at the institutes in the city. The first section was tougher than the other. However, if one attempted 15-18 questions with 85% accuracy in the first section, the score for this section should be good,\" Ruma said, adding that the centre where she took the test faced no glitches.The test is jointly conducted by the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) and Prometric. Around eight non-IIM member institutions have registered for use of CAT 2012 scores this year in the city. These include Balaji Institute of International Business (BIIB), Balaji Institute of Management and HRD (BIMHRD), Deccan Education Society's Institute of Management Development and Research, Flame School of Business and MIT School of Telecom Management.Manish Harodia, director, Genesis Mentors, a CAT coaching centre in Pune, said, \"The test was relatively smoother as compared to last year. A couple of students at the centre where I took the test did face a glitch as their computers conked off mid-way. The situation, however, was controlled and the students got to start the test from the point where their computers had conked off. However, the test was the 'standard CAT' test and relatively easy, with none of the questions being 'non-solvable'. Also, unlike last year, the questions had no ambiguity this year.\"Vinita Pansari, centre manager at another CAT coaching centre, Career Launcher on FC Road, said, \"The morning slot was easier than what candidates came across last year. The first section on Quantitative Ability and Data Interpretation was tougher than the second section, Verbal Ability and Logical Reasoning. How-ever, if one attempted 18-20 questions in the first section and about 22-24 in the second, it can be considered as a satisfying attempt.\"Pansari added that the test was 99% glitch-free and smoother than the last three years.A source from IMS coaching centre said the test had no surprises this year. \"It did not have any glitches either. Section one had a lot of calculations. 'Data Interpretation' questions in section one, too, had lengthy calculations, but were solvable. Section two was as per standard,\" he said.Nikita Singh, another IIM aspirant who took the test for the first time, said, \"Most of the questions were concept-based. Around eight to 10 questions in section one were very easy and I did not find any of them ambiguous. The questions were solvable if one knew the basics well. I attempted about 35-36 questions in all.\"A 15-minute tutorial was provided before the start of the test, and candidates were advised to go through it carefully before starting the main examination. The total duration of the test, including the tutorial, was two hours and 35 minutes.Meanwhile, authorities at Prometric said 4,429 candidates across India registered for CAT on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16792055", "title": "Toddlers celebrate \u2018orange day\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Toddler's World of Cherubs the Pre-school, Dugri, celebrated orange colour day on Friday. The event was celebrated to acquaint the little Cherubs with the concept of colour and objects related to it. Students were given a thorough understanding of the colour orange through different activities like colouring an orange ice cream and pasting in an orange carrot. The classrooms and corridors were beautifully decorated with orange coloured objects, balloons, ribbons and soft toys. To mark this special day, the students and teachers also dressed in orange and told that it is a secondary colour made with the combination of yellow and red. The students also made verbal lists of items with the colour.Toddler's World of Cherubs the Pre-school, Dugri, celebrated orange colour day on Friday. The event was celebrated to acquaint the little Cherubs with the concept of colour and objects related to it. Navpreet Panesar, mother of Vanraaj and resident of Phase II, said \"Vanraaj was very excited for orange day celebration. He especially bought an orange colour T-shirt to wear on the day. Orange can be found in nature in the changing leaves of fall, the setting sun, and the skin and meat of citrus fruit, and the event was an excellent way to teach kids the importance of colours and things related to it.\" Ruchi Khullar, Arnav's mother and resident BRS Nagar, said, \"I appreciate the school's effort in making learning fun for children. I believe with this method of teaching children grasp better as they understand things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791903", "title": "Akshaya, Kotak Realty sign deal to develop 20-acre plot", "text": "CHENNAI: Property developer Akshaya Homes and Kotak Realty Fund have signed an agreement to develop Kotak's 20-acre plot on Old Mahabalipuram Road (OMR). On completion, Akshaya will take possession of 80% of the developed land, leaving Kotak with 20%. The land is valued upwards of 125 crore.Kotak Realty Fund took over the property in Kelambakkam from Pentamedia Graphics in 2007 through the Securitisation and Reconstruction of Financial Assets and Enforcement of Security Interests (SARFAESI) Act, 2002.Pentamedia had pledged the land to Kotak, which took over the property after the company defaulted on loan repayment.T Chitty Babu, CMD of Akshaya, could not be reached for a comment, while Kotak's CEO S Srinivasan did not wish to comment. \"We have not consummated any deal as yet and therefore do not wish to comment,\" he said. Kotak had earlier signed a deal for the same land with Homex, a Mexican pre-fabricated affordable housing company for nearly 130 crore in 2011.Sources said the transaction fell through and Kotak was scouting for a developer to take the project forward. \"Akshaya and Kotak have signed a preliminary transaction note. The final deal is due to be signed within the next couple of days,\" a source said. It is learned that Akshaya will develop an integrated township in the land parcel.\"When fully developed and sold at current prices of 3,000 per square foot, the township could generate revenues upwards of 650 crore,\" sources said. The maximum area which can be developed is 2.15 million square feet.The slowdown in the IT sector and the economic uncertainty has sent the city's commercial real estate space absorption into a tailspin.Chennai saw lease transactions for nearly 1.8 million square feet in the January-June period as against the 2 million square feet it had absorbed in the same period last year. This is a fall of around 12%, while nationally, the decline was 21%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16792142", "title": "Best of brainiest emerge as finalists for awards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Musicians, poets, karate kids, chess champions and even football fans \u2014 the Times Scholars hunt saw all sorts trooping in. Apart from the exemplary academic records, these skills, painstakingly acquired over a short lifetime, were, tested over four days, ending Friday, to shortlist candidates for the final round of interviews from which will emerge 20 Times Scholars.While some candidates said they would choose the route to public service through the bureaucracy and were going to give the IAS exams their best shot, others like Anshul Gupta of The Shri Ram School in Gurgaon had already decided to dedicate their lives to bring science to the help of humanity. He proudly claimed he had a patent pending for technology to soak up carbon dioxide from vehicle emissions.The jury, drawn from a range of engineers, career counsellors, teachers and journalists had a tough time picking out the best from the brainiest of candidates who had come through a grueling on-line test from various cities in northern India for which New Delhi was the interview centre. A total of 250 candidates, almost all 16 or 17-year-old 12th graders preparing to give IIT or medical school entrance exams, appeared in the interviews which were held at the Times of India office since Tuesday. Similar interviews were held in other cities to select 100 finalists from among 517 aspirants countrywide.About 45,000 applications were received from across India. Based on information given by the candidates in the forms, nearly 3,800 students were shortlisted to take an aptitude test and then a shortlist of interviewees drawn up. Award winners will get cash scholarships worth Rs 5 lakh over the four years of graduation and will also be offered guidance and mentorship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16789251", "title": "Homemakers in Bicholim and Satari protest cyclinder price hike", "text": "BICHOLIM: Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant called upon the people to stand united against the Centre's decision to reduce the quota of cooking cylinders per year and increase the price of essential commodities such as kerosene.He was addressing the public after a morcha of women from Bicholim and Satari talukas protested the Centre's decision to reduce the quota of cooking gas cylinders and effecting the hike in prices on Friday at Shivaji Maidan, Bicholim.The morcha of over 1200 homemakers from Bicholim and Satari talukas shouted anti-Congress party slogans through the streets of Bicholim and accused the government of taking decisions against the interest of the people.Others present included Manohar Shirodkar, BMC deputy chairperson Narayan Betkikar, councilor Ajit Birje.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16791828", "title": "Students from Little Rock shine in IT quiz", "text": "MANGALORE: Little Rock India School students Abhishek Rao and Swastik Udupa bagged the first place in a state-level information technology quiz organized jointly by the public education department and Tata Consultancy Services at at the Mahajana's Vivekananda auditorium in Mysore, recently.International quiz master Giri conducted the quiz and the winners garnered 45 points. Udupi's St Mary's English Medium school students Sandeep Rao and Kaushik Kalmady with 20 points bagged the second place.Nearly, 450 students boys and girls from Chamarajanagar, Mysore, Kodagu, Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, Chikmagalur, Hassan, Mandya, Ramanagar districts had participated in the event.This is the third time that Little Rock Indian School is bagging the prestigious championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791977", "title": "Squash will make Olympic cut, insists new WSF chief", "text": "CHENNAI: N Ramachandran's desire to see his beloved sport enter the Olympic family has grown stronger with his re-election as the president of the World Squash Federation ( WSF) for a second term earlier this month.In 2008, Ramachandran took over from squash legend Jahangir Khan as the president and was only a week into the job when they had to convince the International Olympic Committee (IOC) of the merits of including squash. By his own admission, he was 'the new kid on the block' then and the convincing wasn't enough to seal the spot for squash.\"We had done well but apparently the IOC did not agree with us and we could only watch as rugby sevens and golf made the cut,\" he said on Friday. There was a lesson there: make the game more spectator and TV-friendly. \"Olympic big money and television rules the roost. We had to embrace this fact and show them that there could be good TV coverage even in squash.\"Thus came in the idea of glass courts, high-definition cameras, online streaming. \"All-glass courts mean we can even advertise and thus bring in more revenue for the game.\"But four years down the line, does he still feel that squash will make the cut this time around? \"Absolutely,\" he said. \"We have a very strong case and the vibes from the IOC are positive.\"The first test will be at the Hong Kong Squash Open in November when an IOC delegation will inspect the new features and facilities at the event.He is so serious about it that Ramachandran has even called for more tight doping controls, an issue that has gained more significance with the Lance Armstrong case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790279", "title": "Rural polls in sight, govt expedites port project", "text": "KOLKATA: Smarting under growing investor weariness, the Mamata Banerjee government has prioritized the big-ticket deep sea project and may shortlist Amma Lines Ltd, the flagship company of the Mumbai-based Meka Group, for its implementation. Amma Lines has been partnering with the Mukesh Ambani-controlled Reliance Logistics for setting up the Rewas Port in Maharashtra.The chief minister, sources said, wants to launch the port project ahead of the panchayat polls to silence those questioning her resolve to generate jobs. At least 1,000 people could be employed here, directly and indirectly.With the state Cabinet clearing the deep sea project, the government now finds it convenient to respond to the proposal sent by the group earlier this week because majority of the land, the most contentious subject in the Trinamool-run Bengal government, is already vested. There is room for land reclamation to rule out acquisition even by the private player.Around 800 acres of vested land at Rosulpur, near Haldia in East Midnapore, will come handy for the project. The rest may be purchased directly by the Meka Group.According to officials, it was more practicable to choose Amma Lines not only because of its reputation as a developer of private ports but since the company has already carried out a techno-feasibility study for the project in Bengal. It was about to sign an agreement with the erstwhile Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government in 2010. The proposed investment at that time was Rs 6,000 crore.Sources said the deep sea port is in the offing with some ancillary units. As per the already conducted techno-economic feasibility study, the port would have a draft of 17 to 18 metre to accommodate 50,000 to 60,000-tonne ships.Sources also said Amma Lines CMD Vijay Papa Rao wants to meet state industries minister Partha Chatterjee soon. Rao is already familiar with the Bengal government. In its earlier proposal, the company was looking at a Rs 1,500 crore initial investment and had planned four berths, two of which would be container and the other two bulk berths.The commerce and industry department has also proposed upgrading the two-lane state highway connecting Haldia and Contai to a four-lane one for the upcoming project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791774", "title": "An AI plane \u2018hijack\u2019 that ended well", "text": "CHENNAI: The city airport was the stage for a hijack drama, part of a security drill, late on Friday evening.The Air Traffic Control room received the 'hijack' alert at 07.05pm from the cockpit of an Air India Thiruvananthapuram-Singapore flight. 'Hijackers' were holding passengers and crew at gunpoint after diverting and landing the flight at Chennai airport. An Airports Authority of India medical team, Central Industrial Security Force personnel, Quick Reaction Team and airport fire service crash tenders surrounded the aircraft in the bay area. A team of 45 National Security Guards personnel 'saved' the passengers and released the aircraft after a 145-minute exercise.The drill was carried out to review the efficacy of the contingency plan and preparedness of agencies to handle real-life situations. The path of the aircraft was blocked and a command post established to coordinate the event. The TN principal secretary (home) led the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16791004", "title": "Tripura Front to observe 'black day' on Oct 15", "text": "AGARTALA: The Tripura Peoples' Democratic Front (TPDF), a frontal organization of the outlawed All Tripura Tiger Force (ATTF), has urged people to observe October 15 as \"black day\", opposing the merger of Tripura with the Indian union on this day after Independence.In a statement released by TPDF president Ranjit Debbarma, it was made public that they did not accept the merger agreement of the erstwhile princely state of Tripura, which was signed between the state's royal family and the Indian government, in 1949.Ahead of the upcoming assembly polls and with just a few days left for Durga puja festivities, the sudden re-emergence of TPDF president Debbarma has raised security concerns in the state.Refuting the claims of the state government that insurgency in Tripura has decreased to a large extent, the TPDF quipped if that was the case, then why was the 'disturbed areas' tag not withdrawn as yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16791677", "title": "Dakshina Kannada district administration directs college to withdraw ban", "text": "MANGALORE: The Dakshina Kannada district administration on Thursday again directed the Kukke Shri Subrahmanyeshwara (KSS) College of Sri Kukke Subrahmanya Temple administration not to implement a ban on burqa on its campus.This follows, after the temple administration, put up a notice on Thursday that they would ban burqa on the campus as they had not got any written order from the district administration.DC NS Channappa Gowda said, \"It has come to my notice. I have asked DDPI to send a written letter asking the college management not to implement the ban.\"The college management's decision to ban burqa on the campus in the last week of September had raised objections from various quarters including Congress.Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat former member Bharath Mundodi had warned the college authorities of protest if the decision was not withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791757", "title": "Changing hues of Durga Puja in city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An air of festivity intertwined with an element of vibrancy is blowing round the corner as the countdown for Durga Puja celebrations which date back to more than 150 years at Allahabad Kalibari. Owe to the efforts of some members of the Bengali community, Durga Puja celebrations in the city started on a modest note.However, entry was limited given the fact that the Spartan premises of Allahabad Kalibari could only accommodate a restricted number of visitors.It was only later with the Colonelganj Barwari Committee coming into inception that Durga Puja celebrations formally began in the open premises, heralding onset of festivities on a large scale, if not grandiose. Recalling the old days celebrations, SR Sarkar says, \"In essence Durga Puja celebrations apart from serving as the rendezvous point of people from all communities including Bengalis, also provided a platform to local talents in the field of performing arts to display their skills before the people.\"He added that in the early years focus was on Puja, which had to be performed in orthodox Bengali style with the pre-condition that the purohit performing it should be from the Bengali community. It was only in the later years that extracurricular activities were introduced with the objective of breaking the monotony in the daily schedule. With this in mind the element of entertainment was introduced to allure and captivate the visitors to Durga Puja pandals.The city Barwari, which organises Durga Puja on the premises of a girl's school in Chowk, is also more than 150 years old, said Barwari president Sahdev Mukherji. \"Stress is laid on the fact that the idol of Goddess Durga should portray the many facets of her personality and the element of artistry should draw one towards the aura of goddess.\"Echoing same views secretary, Mehdauri Barwari Committee, JC Bose said: \"It is our endeavour to see that people visiting pandals should undergo a novel experience every year which is the reason why aesthetics combined with artistry has given shape to pandals of various hues, shades and designs over the last ten years. Focus is on creating the pandal of different material and likewise ornaments of the goddess are also being prepared out of this material, courtesy artists from West Bengal.\"The Barwari set up in 1988 due to the efforts of a local Bengali resident, Col P Nath has a rich tradition given the heterogeneous participation of people from all sections of society and community.Talking to TOI, an office bearer of Ashok Nagar Barwari Committee, Atanu Bhattacharya said at present there are around 134 Barwaris in the district which also include those from satellite townships.Now with changing times the Bengali Social Welfare and Cultural Association has also instituted awards in various categories for Durga Puja committees which have encouraged innovation in different spheres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790818", "title": "HC notice to state in promotions quota issue", "text": "JAIPUR: The contentious issue of quota in promotions for Scheduled Caste (SC) and Scheduled Tribes (ST) in government jobs has again in the Rajasthan high court. A single bench of the high court on Friday ordered that the departmental promotion committee (DPCs) meetings' results would be subject to final decision of a writ petition filed by one Rakesh Kumar Kaushal and others.Based on the petition that has challenged the DPCs being called in pursuance of the state government's orders of September 12 and September 18, the bench has issued notices to the chief secretary, principal secretaries of the water resources and the revenue departments. The matter would be heard again on October 25.Kaushal, an official of the water resources department, has argued that the government orders of September 12 and 18 for the DPCs were in violation of the Supreme Court judgment of August 19. It has been argued that the apex court directed the state government to grant promotions following the high court's judgment in the Surjbhan Meena and others case delivered on February 5, 2010.The bench was told that the government, however, has ordered the DPCs to be in accordance with the notification of September 11, 2011, which is in violation of the February 2010 SC judgment. Moreover, neither the apex court nor the Bhatnagar committee has ruled against the 'seniority regaining' rule, the petitioners argued, alleging that the government was declining to follow the rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790176", "title": "Student alleges fire college cheated him", "text": "NAGPUR: A student Ajay Raj from Uttar Pradesh has alleged he was duped by city-based Institute of Fire Engineers college at Makardhokda on Katol road run by Indian Society for Technology Development. According to him, the state government had cancelled college's permission to run courses related to fire safety last year on February 18 as it was found to be running those at Koradi while the original location was on Katol Road as mentioned in documents submitted to Maharashtra State Board for Technical Education (MSBTE).Still, the college continues to run the courses which are not approved either by AICTE or MSBTE thus leaving the students in the lurch. TOI has in possession a copy of Higher and Technical Education's notification that stopped admissions of this college and asked the MSBTE regional office to accommodate existing students in other colleges. Recently, about 112 of its students were selected as field marshals for the forthcoming F1 Indian Grand Prix.College director Pravin Singh denied the charges terming it as \"big conspiracy\" to defame him. He claimed that Raj went to media at the behest of his former partner who was later arrested in a bank scam. \"After coming out of jail, this person then went to MSBTE and presented them some fake documents which prompted them to cancel our permission to run the courses,\" Singh said. He added that their courses were later recognized by the Punjab Technical University (PTU) and therefore they could legally run them.\"We had challenged this order in Bombay High Court which granted a status quo on cancellation of admissions and asked the government to reconsider its decision. There has been no reply from their side since last one and half years. Recently, I served them a notice to clarify their stand,\" he claimed.Raj alleged that he was duped by the college management led by Singh by assuring them that their courses were recognized by MSBTE. He even submitted an amount of Rs40,000 (By cheque No 725158) to the college but he was given a receipt of Rs20,000 only. The college authorities failed to give him satisfactory reply for not mentioning remaining amount in the receipt. After he and other students came to know of this alleged illegality, they demanded their money and documents back, but college management refused to give them and instead threatened them with dire consequences.Though all the students were regretting their decision to join the college and suffering, only Raj showed courage and lodged a complaint at Gittikhadan police station. But even police failed to help him, Raj claimed. Singh, however, claimed they had returned entire money and documents to Raj after the complaint. But other students continue to be out in the cold. Gittikhadan police confirmed that the college had returned Raj's fees and documents and he too had withdrawn the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16792286", "title": "DLF too offering ready-to-use built up space at IT Park", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With its plans to expand Rajiv Gandhi Chandigarh Technology Park (RGCTP) by way of Phase III shattered, the UT administration is actively considering the proposal to allow IT-enabled services in Industrial Area.As Tier I cities like Bangalore, Hyderabad and NCR Delhi were getting choked because of IT boom in India, meticulous planning and aggressive marketing of Chandigarh as a Tier-II IT destination was done to take care of the spillover.Accordingly, adjoining area was acquired in 2004 for expansion as Phase II and a total of 267 acres was acquired.The development of RGCTP has been anchored by Infosys, which has completed its state-of-the-art campus.DLF is also offering ready-to-use built up space and is already housing 37 IT companies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16795042", "title": "Nadiya was approached for Yudham Sei", "text": "All those watched Mysskin's Yuddham Sei know that Lakshmy Ramakrishnan had tonsured her head for her character in the film.But a little birdie tells us that Nadiya was the one who was first approached for the role, but when she heard that she had to shave her head, she immediately opted out of the film.Looks like it was a similar story during the making of her Malayalam film Doubles , in which she acted along with Mammootty . The actress, we hear, refused to lose her weight for the role and the director had to change the script accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16791682", "title": "Police question suspect in the case", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada police are questioning a person identified as Santosh Rao hailing from Karkala in connection with the rape and murder of a 17-year-old college student in Dharmasthala on Tuesday night.Superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal said, \"The person is mentally unsound. He was under treatment in Shimoga. We are questioning him in his father's presence.\"It may be recalled that on Thursday, locals who spotted Rao sitting alone at Gommata Betta, Dharmasthala caught hold of him and assaulted him suspecting that he had committed the crime.Police sources said he admitted to raping the girl, but it could not be verified as it is suspected that there were other persons involved in the heinous act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789856", "title": "Tip-off on the latest rip-offs", "text": "MUMBAI: On Day Two of auto and taxi fare hikes, confusion over tariff cards and fleecing of passengers continued unabated. Commuters and consumer activists pointed to some of the common rip-offs they are facing on the streets.On Thursday afternoon, activist Shirish Deshpande, who was returning to Andheri after filing a PIL opposing the hikes at Bombay high court, was at the receiving end. \"The cab had an e-meter. After covering 27.9 km, I referred to my copy of the tariff card and the fare came to Rs 345. The driver flashed a card and showed me the fare was Rs 431,\" said Deshpande. On scrutiny, he found that the driver had renamed the regular fare column on the card as 'Old Fare' and the night fare column as 'New Fare'. \"So he was demanding night fare from me in daylight by redesigning his copy of tariff card. This is the worst case of cheating,\" the activist fumed.Night fares are fixed at 25% more than day fares. This means the driver can easily rake in Rs 3,000 to Rs 4,000 extra daily using the illegal method.Some e-meters fail to initialize after a journey is over and a new passenger has boarded. \"So the fare paid by the previous passenger is carried forward and you end up paying inflated fares,'' said a commuter at Kurla. Transport commissioner V N More has appealed to people to check that the e-meter is initialized before starting a journey.In some of the e-meter autos, the waiting time is being tampered with. A passenger said when a three-wheeler he was in got stuck at a traffic signal for the first time, he noticed that the waiting time indicator began ticking from 3 minutes. \"Where did those 3 minutes come from? The waiting time had not initialized properly,\" he said.The favourite con of drivers is doing mental calculations and quoting a fare. \"They do not carry any tariff card and claim to be human computers,\" said Shaibal Roy, a commuter.Many e-meters in both taxis and autos were not recalibrated after the fares went up by a rupee recently. In these autos/taxis, the drivers rarely refer to the revised tariff card, but calculate on the basis of their old cards.In extreme cases, some drivers flash fake cards. No case has been registered so far, but RTOs have promised action on complaints about this trick will be taken against drivers within a fortnight, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16791357", "title": "Five killed, six injured in two road accidents", "text": "VADODARA: Five people were killed in two different road accidents in the city and district area on Friday. While three persons died in a fatal accident on national highway 8 near L&T; Knowledge City in the morning, two others lost their lives on the highway near Asod Bridge later in the day. According to police, the trio that died was travelling in a Tavera and was on their way from Surat to Amreli.The accident occurred when the driver dozed of while driving the vehicle early in the morning. \"He lost control of the car that swerved in the opposite lane and crashed into a luxury bus coming from the opposite side,\" said the police. The three people, who died in the accident, have been identified as Nanji Mehra, Manad Sarvaiya and Jeena Dafda, all residents of Amreli.Those injured have been identified as Goverdhan Waghela, Mansukh Parmar, Nanji Chawda, Amarsinh Daafda, Nanji Waghela and Kushil Daafda. In the other accident, two persons travelling on a motorbike met with an accident in the taluka area and one of them died on the spot. Their motorbike had slipped on the highway near Asod Bridge. One of the deceased has been identified as Jabbarsinh Chauhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16790880", "title": "Assam Pollution Control Board issues guidelines for a green puja", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam is looking forward to an eco-friendly Durga Puja this year with the state's Pollution Control Board (PCB) laying out the green guidelines much ahead of the festival.PCB on Friday asked deputy commissioners of all districts to strictly enforce the board's guidelines and asked them to promote idols made of natural materials. \"Use of traditional clay rather than baked clay, plaster of paris, etc may be encouraged, allowed and promoted,\" said the PCB's letter to the deputy commissioners.A PCB team will monitor the implementation of the rules.The PCB guidelines stress on the use of water-soluble and non-toxic natural dyes for painting idols. Toxic and non-biodegradable chemicals should be strictly prohibited. \"Use of thermocol or any non-biodegradable item for decoration and idol-making should be strictly avoided as it leads to exothermic self-accelerating decomposition that pollutes the environment. Materials like flowers, clothes should be removed from idols before immersion,\" PCB instructions said.District administrations have been asked to direct puja committees to use eco-friendly materials - like paper plates, banana leaves, shell leaves and clay plates - during food distribution and. Dustbins must be installed near food stalls and at every pandal to avoid littering.To prevent sound pollution, PCB guidelines prohibit use of music systems, microphones and dhak between 10 pm and 8 am.As safety measure, the board has directed administrations to barricade the immersion points. \"The idol immersion points should be barricaded. Synthetic liner may be placed in the bottom well in advance. The said liner should be removed on completion of immersion ceremony so that remains of idols can be brought to the bank,\" the guidelines said.The board has recommended constitution of a co-ordination committee, comprising district administration and municipal officials, police and NGOs, for guiding people and the puja committees during immersion.After immersion, supernatant water must be allowed to flow into rivers, ponds and lakes after checking for colour and turbidity. Lime must be used in temporary ponds to clean the polluted water, PCB advised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16791174", "title": "Flower business all set to bloom across Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: The Srirangam wholesale flower market in Trichy, known for its famous garlands, is gearing up for an increase in flower sales from the start of the Navaratri festival that is round the corner. Flower sales saw a decline during the Tamil month 'Purattaasi' when no temple festival and auspicious functions take place at homes. Interestingly, there is always a demand for flowers irrespective of rate.This flower market has been satisfying the needs of people for many decades. Flowers like Jasmine, Champanki, Chrysanthemum, wild jasmine and Pichi are made available for making garlands to offer to deities. Srirangam garlands are unique for their precision. These garlands are made using banana tree fibre by tying Viruchi (red), Champak (white) and Maruvam or Thulasi or Saamanthi (white) flowers.Even though the garlands are usually made with these flowers in all places, Srirangam garlands are welcomed for their quality.However, flower sales have not been impressive in the current month as it is considered inauspicious to hold festivals in temples and functions at homes. Hence the flower price is under control as of now. But it is expected to skyrocket once Navarathri begins on October 16.\"Wholesalers in the market are receiving flowers from Ettarai, Thoppu, Kuzhumani and Mannachanallur in Trichy district as well as from Salem and Bangalore. We are getting Rs 150 to Rs 200 for 1 kg of Jasmine. People can now get Jasmine for Rs 10 per 100 buds. But the price would go up shortly. A kg of Jasmine will cost Rs 1,000 approximately during Navaratri. Likewise, the rate of other varieties of flowers would also be hiked. Nevertheless, people, especially women, love to wear them,\" said P Arunachalam, a flower vendor from Srirangam.He also said, \"Though people always like flowers, cultivation in Trichy district has declined due to labour shortage in the fields. Since flowers are imported from Bangalore and Salem, we are able to do business. Moreover, there is always a demand in the market for Manoranjitham, Senbagam and Paarijatham flowers which are known for their fragrances.\"A shop run by V Raju in the market brings pride to the Srirangam wholesale market as he has been supplying approximately 40 kg of 'Viruchi' flower to the Tirumala Tirupathi Devasthanam (TTD) for poojas daily. In addition to that, as many as 30 specially designed 'Sigamani', 'Saligramam' and 'Thirubababaram' garlands are being sent to TTD twice a week.\"I am proud to send flowers from our shop in Srirangam to TTD for the past 10 years. We consider it virtuous to send flowers to Lord Venkatachalapathy,\" said Raju.\"Nowadays, most modern-day women refrain from wearing flowers. Flowers are being used for poojas as a large number of people prefer to go to temples in search of peace of mind. Many of them use flowers for decorations at home. Earlier, full moon day and new moon day were chosen for poojas. Of late, people are choosing 'Theipirai Ashtami' (the eighth day after the new moon day) as per instructions from astrologers. So, the market for flowers is always good,\" added Raju.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16794996", "title": "Mangalore's marathon man to run in NY, Toronto this year", "text": "MANGALORE: At an age when most think of savouring the retired life, this 65-year-young doctor is running like there's no tomorrow.If you think, this doctor is just into running for fun sake you will caught off guard. Dr B M Nayak is Mangalore's Marathon Man. He will run two full marathons this year in a gap of 21 days. He will also run a third full marathon at Mumbai on January 20, 2013. The doctor, who took to fitness as late as 57, has proved beyond doubt that age is not at all a factor to get into the fitness regimen or run a marathon.Nayak has already reached New York City for his first adventure the ING NY Marathon which will take place on November 4. He will travel to Canada to take part in the Scotia Bank Toronto Waterfront Marathon on November 14.NY Marathon is not new to Nayak as he has been a regular and it will be his sixth, but Toronto is his first and the doctor is all excited. Running a marathon is just not a physical feat. The last 12 kms is gut-wrenching to say the least. From there on its only mind and will power that will carry the body forward to the finishing line,'' he says. Recalling the first NY marathon in 2004, Nayak says in an embarrassed tone: I had gluteal muscle cramps. It was so painful. Though the finishing line was 500 mts away, I felt it was miles away. I don't know how I reached it.'' My aim is to complete the marathon whenever I run one. Marathon is a mystery to many. But for me, I think it's all in the mind,'' he adds.Dr Nayak, professor of Surgery at the Kasturba Medical College (KMC), also son of veteran cooperative Bantwal Narayana Nayak, never in his 54 years ran an even if it meant saving his life. He joined a gym to get rid of his abdominal fat, which was making the waist bulge at 36 inches. Despite joining the gym, the fat just refused to budge from its depositories. The trainer advised Dr Nayak to run to get rid of the deposited fat, as his metabolism was slow due to ageing. On the first day August 2003, the doctor ran 10 laps, each lap consisting of 400 mts, like it was something natural. That was the start. This inspired him to run in the veterans sports meet and thereafter graduate from half marathons to full marathons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16790867", "title": "Smartphone can serve as your credit card too", "text": "WASHINGTON: A new technology that enables smartphones to serve as 'credit cards' with the help of mobile wallet apps is being offered. The latest innovation of 'mobile wallets' for credit card payments is now on rise, with major payment processors like MasterCard and PayPal jumping on the bandwagon and offering their own mobile wallet apps.The new innovation eliminates the plastic covering of the phone and turns it into a digital payment portal, the 'Fox News' reported. As credit card companies and retailers seem to be banking on consumers finding the swiping and signing process far too time-consuming and tedious, they are trying to see a future in contactless payments.Retailers will have to scan a bar code on the phone. Consumers may tap their device on a reader or they may do nothing at all as the register and phone communicate automatically using 'near field communication' technology.Regardless of the method, consumers are often free to go their way without swiping a card, entering a PIN or signing a receipt. However, while mobile wallets can be convenient, they are limited by the number of retailers who are equipped to accept payments via the near field communication technology used by many apps, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791995", "title": "Government set for hard bargaining, proposes Rs 10/km as auto fare", "text": "CHENNAI: The state transport department has proposed Rs 20 as the minimum charge for a distance of 2km and Rs 10 for every extra kilometre in its revised autorickshaw fares. This is the highlight of a report it has submitted to the home department, which now has to take a final decision.Officials in the transport department said they arrived at the fares after detailed studies and discussions with commuters, drivers and their unions. The committee, which submitted the report, was constituted in July with joint commissioner (rules) R Radhakrishnan as the head, after many petitions from citizens sought rationalization of auto fares.Though the proposed fares will be welcomed by commuters, auto drivers and their unions may not agree as they have been demanding Rs 30 as minimum fare and Rs 15 per km thereafter. \"The proposed fare will not work,\" said M S Rajendran, president of the CITU-affiliated Auto Drivers' Welfare Union. \"The joint commissioner had promised that we will be consulted before taking a decision, but we haven't been consulted.\"In a Facebook poll conducted by TOI as part of 'Bring back auto meter' campaign, several people said the ideal fare would be Rs 10 per km. \"Auto drivers should realize that the more affordable the fare, the more people will travel by auto. While other cities can have cheaper fares, why not Chennai?\" asked V V Ravi Kumar, a commuter.If the authorities and the unions carry forward the discussion, a compromise could be reached on the fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16790454", "title": "Now, caste outfit vows to fight inter-caste marriages", "text": "COIMBATORE: Call it the height of irony or the wheel coming a full circle. A social organization from western Tamil Nadu, the home of Periyar E V Ramasami Naicker, has called a meeting of its community members to take a pledge against inter-community and inter-caste marriages \"to protect its women\".On Friday, Kongu Vellala Goundergal Peravai, an organization that claims to represent the community, even took out an advertisement in a newspaper calling a meeting of community members at SN auditorium in Ramanathapuram in the city on Sunday. The move has evoked widespread condemnation from all quarters. A few activists of pro-Dravidian outfits have demanded stringent action against the organisers terming their action as anti-constitutional and deplorable since it openly advocates casteism and threatens to disrupt the social fabric of the state.But Peravai leaders have refused to rethink their act. \"We are organising the meeting for the welfare of women from our community. We are not coercing any one from other communities to come and attend the meeting. We strongly believe that all women from our community who have gone out and married were forced to face numerous obstacles and hardships in life,\" said Pongalur R Manikandan, state president, Kongu Vellala Goundergal Peravai.Manikandan even belts out statistics to make his argument. As per the statistics compiled by the Peravai, 936 women from the gounder community married outside their caste in 2012 and out of these 716 filed for divorce later and another 12 committed suicide. Manikandan claims that the Peravai members strongly suspect that youths from other community were intentionally trying to 'tempt' their women not out of love but to claim their vast property and family heirlooms after entering into matrimony. \"Our women suffer as a result, so we have decided to put an end to this practice. We want all members of our community to take a pledge against such practices and uphold the custom and practices of our community,\" Manikandan adds.Kongunadu Munnetra Kazhagam (KMK), a political outfit that claims to represent gounders of western Tamil Nadu, said it had no direct links with the Peravai. G K Nagaraj, state organising secretary of the outfit, also added that though they were not against inter-caste marriages it was true that some communities were trying to brainwash their youth by directing them to woo and marry women from gounder community to ensure a secure lifestyle. \"It is a fact that certain other communities are even conducting public meetings in which their youth are being motivated to enter into relationship with gounder women from rich families. As far as KMK is concerned we are not against inter-caste marriages in general,\" said Nagaraj.A local social outfit, Dravidar Viduthalai Kazhagam, has filed a police complaint seeking legal and criminal action against the Peravai. Police officials said they were seeking expert legal opinion at the moment and are yet to act on the complaint. \"Such community-based programs are against the ethos of our Constitution and society. It should not be encouraged under any circumstance,\" said C Vijayan, organising secretary, Coimbatore region, Dravidar Viduthalai Kazhagam.The Peravai's call for maintaining caste purity reflects the resurgence of social conservatives across the country, who are increasingly turning vocal for socially exclusivist practices despite the decades-long battle against caste discrimination. Though Tamil Nadu is not immune to caste violence or even honour killings for marrying outside the caste, rarely has any social outfit openly advocated protecting caste identity. \"These outfits are insecure and try to show their strength through sheer numbers by using various tactics. Most of them have political ambitions and this is a ploy to strengthen their position later on especially during elections,\" said Vaasanthi, renowned Tamil author, who has written a history of electoral politics in Tamil Nadu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789692", "title": "1 auto driver held for India Against Corruption man\u2019s assault", "text": "MUMBAI: An auto driver was arrested by the Mira Road police late on Thursday for being involved in the attack on India Against Corruption (IAC) activist Rakesh Sarawgi (45).A campaigner against the auto mafia, Sarawgi was assaulted and his forehead spilt open outside the Mira Road station on Thursday, the first day the hike in auto fares was implemented.\"We have arrested Anilkumar Nirmal (28) for attempt to murder, rioting and criminal intimidation. Two to three more persons are wanted,\" said senior inspector D Kshirsagar. A resident of Kashimira, Nirmal told cops they were angry with Sarawgi as he had been complaining against drivers regarding refusals and not plying by meters.\"Only one has been arrested so far, but 15-20 people assaulted Sarawgi,\" said IAC member Yogesh Kanekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791893", "title": "PIL questions renovation at MGR memorial", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest writ petition questioning the Tamil Nadu government's ongoing renovation plans at the MGR memorial on the Marina and build a two-leaf structure has been filed in the Madras high court.A division bench comprising Justice R Banumathi and Justice R Subbiah, asked the special government pleader I S Inbadurai to get instructions from the authorities on the matter within a period of six weeks. In his PIL, A G Narasimhan of Namakkal district submitted that it was not appropriate for the government to spend more than Rs 3 crore on renovation works and also build a two-leaf symbol at the site.\"It is not appropriate to construct the two leaves, which represent the symbol of a party which is ruling the state. It is pertinent to state that for such a construction, public money ought not to be wasted, as it would amount to misuse of governmental power besides loss to the exchequer,\" he said. He wanted the court to stay the operation of the government order and prohibit renovation of the memorial, and sought the quashing of the government order passed to that effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789352", "title": "Chargesheet against Saif Ali Khan to be filed soon", "text": "MUMBAI: The Colaba police on Friday said it will soon file a chargesheet against actor Saif Ali Khan in an alleged assault case.Saif is accused of assaulting an NRI at a hotel in February this year. Vinod Sawant, senior police inspector at the Colaba police station, said that the chargesheet has been prepared but not yet filed. \"We have completed all the processes and will file it soon. The accused will be present in court when the chargehseet is filed,\" Sawant said.Saif's lawyer, Mohan Jayakar, confirmed that the chargesheet is yet to be filed. Saif was arrested after an NRI, Iqbal Sharma, filed a police complaint post a fight between the two at a south Mumbai restaurant on February 22. Saif was released on bail after providing a surety of Rs 15,000. The complainant stays in South Africa and was in Mumbai for some time when the incident took place. Saif is facing charges under Sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 325 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) and 34 (common participation in a crime) of the IPC.Cops said Saif was accompanied by a few other celebrities, including girlfriend Kareena Kapoor , when the incident took place. \"We have recorded the statements of all the witnesses and the hotel staff and collected CCTV footage from the spot. The circumstantial evidence and other statements will be part of the chargesheet,\" said a Colaba police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16790167", "title": "Private bus owners defer strike", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Private bus owners on Friday deferred their proposed ceasework agitation from October 14 to November 1 after their talks with the state government on increasing bus fares due to hike in fuel prices remained inconclusive.\"We deferred our strike plan following a request from the state government. We also did not want to trouble passengers during Durga Puja,\" All Odisha Bus Owners' Association (AOBOA) spokesperson Debasish Nayak said. \"October 31 is the deadline we have given to the government. Unless our demands are met, we will proceed on an indefinite stir from November 1,\" he added.The bus owners' announcement came hours after their representatives met commerce and transport minister Subrat Tarai at the secretariat here and made a strong plea for a hike in bus fares in the wake of the nearly Rs 6 a litre rise in diesel prices (including taxes) since mid-September. \"We took the decision to postpone after discussing the matter at our general body,\" AOBOA general secretary Debendra Sahoo. The association has around 12,000 buses.On September 6, a technical committee, headed by transport commissioner S Kumar, on fixation of bus fares submitted a report to the state government. The government is yet to make public the recommendations of the nine-member technical panel, which comprises representatives from the state government, Odisha State Road Transport Corporation and private bus owners.The minister said, \"We are examining the technical committee's recommendations and would take a decision soon. We requested the bus owners not to go on strike keeping the best interest of commuters in mind.\"Official sources said the government is considering raising bus fares, but is yet to work out the modalities. The bus owners are demanding an average increase of 10.81% in bus fares. The government had last increased bus fares on July 18, 2011. It now stands at 50 paise per km (general category), 53 paise per km (express), 70 paise per km (deluxe) and 85 paise per km (air-conditioned deluxe).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790153", "title": "Governor okays secret funds for foresters", "text": "NAGPUR: In step towards boosting intelligence network to curb poaching, state governor K Sankaranarayanan has approved secret funds for forest officials and appointment of Van Patils. Although announced earlier, both the measures were pending with the finance department. However, governor on Tuesday gave his stamp of approval to both.\"Now each deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) will get Rs50,000 annually to reward informers and pay honorarium to Van Patils,\" said principal secretary (forests) Praveen Pardeshi. The state government amended Maharashtra Contingent Expenditure Rules 1965 and in the major head accounts secret services grants and rewards to informers concerning forest offences, smuggling of timber, poaching and wildlife offences, honorarium to Van Patils for providing information were added.This is for the first time provision has been made for secret funds and Van Patils. So far, this privilege was with the police department only. It was a long-pending demand of conservationists and wildlife activists who felt forest department failed to develop an intelligence network of its own as it could not pay informers. \"Pardeshi has fulfilled the demands, which were part of my agenda when I launched the hunger strike in July. While organized wildlife syndicates spend big money to get information on tigers and wildlife, forest department doesn't have any fund to pay informers. The decision will help develop a network now,\" said Bandu Dhotre, president of Eco Pro, Chandrapur.With more than 100 tigers, Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve ( TATR) and its landscape in Chandrapur district is on the radar of poachers. Since January 2012, at least 10 tigers have died, most of them under mysterious circumstances. \"Forest officials have failed to keep tab on poachers and develop a local network to keep them at bay. Police patils have their own agenda and hence prove to be of little help. Now Van Patils will be expected to do the job. They work exclusively to develop local intelligence network,\" Dhotre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789343", "title": "23 held for assault on Vasai-Virar Municipal Corporation chief", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vasai-Virar Municipal Corporation (VVMC) chief was allegedly assaulted by two corporators inside his chamber on Friday. The corporators, Sanjay Kohli and Praveen Kambli, denied that any assault had taken place.Twenty three persons, including the corporators and eight women, have been arrested by the Virar police on charges of rioting and assaulting a government servant. VVMC chief Kishore Borde sustained serious head injuries and is in hospital. Cops said the leader of the opposition, Vinayak Nikam, had gone to Borde's chamber with Kohli and Kamble to discuss civic issues.Nikam told cops that the discussion ended in a heated argument and Borde allegedly grabbed Kohli's collar and pushed him. However, Borde denied these allegations when the police quizzed him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16788959", "title": "Rs 68 lakh given to Khurshid's trust on basis of forged letter", "text": "LUCKNOW: Despite denials of wrongdoing in a trust for disabled people that Union law minister Salman Khurshid and his wife operate, it now appears that there was a letter with the forged signature of a senior UP government official that allowed the Union ministry of social justice and empowerment to release the second tranche of funds in March 2011 \u2014 Rs 68 lakh \u2014 to the Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust. This was in addition to Rs 71 lakh that the trust got from the Union ministry also, allegedly, on the basis of forged letters in 2009-10.Carrying the signature of a former special secretary of the department of disabled welfare, government of UP, the letter, dated March 24, 2011, said the state government had assessed, to its satisfaction, the work being done by the trust to help disabled people. Adding that the trust had, in 2009-10, distributed appliances to the disabled in the presence of \"competent technical specialists\" at specially organised camps in 17 districts of Uttar Pradesh, the letter also recommended the trust's name for further releases from the ministry. A copy of the letter is with TOI.When TOI contacted the now retired bureaucrat, he confirmed, on condition of anonymity, that his signatures were forged. The officer also confirmed he retired from UP government services in January 2011, nearly three months before the letter was sent out in his name. Sources in the state government confirmed that a signed copy from the officer, saying his signature was forged, has been received. The same has also been forwarded to the office of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav as part of a probe into the operations of the trust.India Against Corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal had alleged that in 2009-10, the trust had embezzled Rs 71 lakh of government funds earmarked for artificial limbs and crutches for disabled people by forging signatures of officials.Though the mandatory \"test report\" - independent assessment of an NGO's work by the state government \u2014 was still under investigation, the ministry, on the basis of this forged letter, proceeded to release funds to the trust for 20101-2011, Rs 68 lakh in March 2011.Sources in the chief minister's office confirmed that a preliminary inquiry into the misappropriation of funds by the trust during 2009-10 had ended in May 2012, after which the chief minister was apprised of the findings. According to this inquiry, nearly 34 UP government officials from 13 districts, out of the 17, where the trust, is functional said their signatures had been forged. They also said no disabled welfare camps were held nor distribution of appliances done in any of these districts.Taking cognizance of the mass anomalies, Akhilesh Yadav, on July 3 this year, ordered an Economic Offences Wing (EOW) investigation into the matter. So far, no cases of forgery have been lodged by the EOW, nor any FIR filed. On September 17, Louis Khurshid, the Union minister's wife, met the chief minister requesting him to conduct an inquiry. She is also believed to have told Akhilesh that the trust did not forge any signatures.Meanwhile, Louis Khurshid, in a bid to clear her name, had reportedly claimed through a press release that the chief minister, on October 3, ordered the \"chief secretary of the department of disabled welfare\" to conduct an inquiry into allegations of misappropriation of funds.Senior officials in the government denied any knowledge of any new inquiry being instituted. Also, the head of the disabled welfare department is principal secretary and not chief secretary as claimed in the release. Official sources did however confirm that in the September 17 meeting with Akhilesh, Louis requested the state government to give fresh recommendations for the Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust, so that the ministry of social justice and empowerment could release the funds for 2012-13.Currently, the trust is operating in 17 districts, spanning Etah, Etawah, Mainpuri, Bhadoi, Bulandshahr, Kanshiram Nagar, Shahjahanpur, Allahabad, Farukkhabad, Kannauj, Gautam Budh Nagar, Moradabad, Rampur, Bareilly, Siddharth Nagar, Meerut and Aligarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790193", "title": "Special bus services for Dhamma celebrations", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation has organized special city bus services during the 56th Dhammachakra Pravartan day to be celebrated at Deekshabhoomi on October 24. As many as 124 special buses will be operated from different places to Deekshabhoomi. Besides these, Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation will also plying 100 buses from Deekhsabhoomi to Dragon Palace in Kamptee.A senior official from Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Ltd ( NMPL) told TOI these buses would be operated from Nagpur railway station, bus stand, Ajni railway station and Itwari station to Deekshabhoomi at five minute intervals for the convenience of devotees reaching the city on October 23, 24 and 25.City buses will run on Kamptee bus stand-Dragon Palace-Sitabuldi to Deekshabhoomi route every two minutes. Hingna bus stand-Deekshabhoomi-Sitabuldi route will be serviced every five minutes. There will be a bus on Nara-Sitabuldi-Deekshabhoomi to Khapri naka, and Nara-Bhim Road-Deekshabhoomi-Khapri Naka-CRPF routes every 10 minutes. Beltarodi-Rameshwari-Babulkheda to Sitabuldi-Deekshabhoomi route will have a bus every 10 minutes.There will be a Gittikhadan-Sitabuldi to Deekshabhoomi bus (30 minutes), and Nagsenvan-Yashodhara Nagar-Sitabuldi to Deekshabhoomi bus every 10 minutes. Pardi-Ambedkar square to Sitabuldi-Deekshabhoomi, and Dighori to Sitabuldi bus will run every 15 minutes and 30 minutes respectively. Jaitala to Sitabuldi-Deekshabhoomi service will run every 30 minutes. Similarly, Hudkeshwar-Sitabuldi-Deekshabhoomi will see a bus every 30 minutes. Godhani and Khapri Naka will also have a bus every 30 minutes interval. Further, city buses will also be operated from special free food distribution centres to and from Deekshabhoomi for devotees, sources added. The bus routes have been designed as per the guidelines of the traffic department and other government authorities, he added.Meanwhile, district guardian minister and social justice minister Shivajirao Moghe on Friday reviewed the preparations for Dhammachakra Pravartan day. He directed various government agencies including divisional commissioner B V Gopal Reddy, municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane, police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay to ensure all arrangements are made properly. He also directed NMC to provide drinking water and sanitation facilities near Deekshabhoomi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789439", "title": "Mumbai was target till a week before Pune blasts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cycle bombs that went off in Pune on August 1 would have rocked Mumbai but for a missive from Indian Mujahideen co-founder Riyaz Bhatkal in Pakistan. TOI has learnt from investigators that IM suspects held in Delhi for the Pune blasts \u2014 Asad Khan, Imran Khan and Sayed Feroz \u2014 had done a recce of five crowded places in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai on July 24, a week before the blasts.Sources said Borivali Railway Station, Juhu Chowpati, Vashi, Bandra and Andheri were on the hit list. Although the Mumbai plan was dropped, IM is still said to be bent upon killing gangsters Sharad Mohol and Ashok Bhalerao, to avenge the murder of terrorist Qateel Siddiqui in Yerwada Jail. In their confession to the special cell, exclusively accessed by TOI, Asad, Imran and Sayed have disclosed their Mumbai plan in detail. Investigators suspect they intended to keep bombs in dustbins or bags.Delhi Police sources said Asad Khan, linchpin of the IM module busted in Delhi, had links with terrorists arrested for the February 2010 German Bakery blast in Pune and the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case.Asad allegedly led Imran and Sayed to meet Yusuf Himayat Baig \u2014 held for the German Bakery blast \u2014 in December 2009 through Kashif Biyabani, brother of Akhef Biyabani, who was arrested for the Aurangabad arms haul case.Sources say Shaqir and Ahmed, absconding members of the busted module, are extremely dangerous. \"Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal used to assign them to modules for carrying out blasts as they are IED experts\".After the Pune blasts, Asad, Imran and Sayed fled to Roorkee and stayed at a mazar for almost a month before coming to Delhi on September 20 to put into action their plan to carry out blasts around Diwali. Riyaz and Iqbal Bhatkal had reportedly told them to get in touch with logistics expert Raju Bhai. Police say explosive for the Delhi plan reached the flat in Pul Prahlad Pur, where Asad and Imran were staying, between September 20 and September 26.It has also come to light that LeT leader Fayyaz Kagzi, said to be the mentor of the IM module busted in Delhi, did not engage Asad, Imran and Sayed but they volunteered to carry out jehad. Their interrogation report states that Asad wanted to work with IM, and knowing that Fayyaz Kagzi of Beed (Maharashtra) was an active member, he started looking for him. They reached Kagzi through Kashif Biyabani.Asad Khan's interrogation report states the three travelled to Saudi Arabia just to meet Kagzi after obtaining his number from Biyabani. It also mentions a meeting with Yusuf Himayat Baig.Sources said that in the past few months, Asad and the others had also met two men identified as Ghulam Rasool and Hafiz, but the purpose of these meetings is not known.Of late, Asad had allegedly donned the mantle of a motivator and started visiting madrasas and mazars to look for youths to indoctrinate. Worried about such developments, intelligence agencies have now advised all state police departments to keep a watch on such motivators and also young boys attending madrasas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16792196", "title": "Osmania General Hospital expansion plan hits roadblock", "text": "HYDERABAD: Expansion of the Osmania General Hospital (OGH) has been hanging fire with heritage activists and AP Health and Medical Housing and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APHMHIDC ) officials at loggerheads over the proposed plans.Entrusted with the construction , the APHMHIDC drew up a blueprint for an eight-storied building adjacent to the present heritage hospital at the cost of 200 crore. But the Heritage Conversation Committee (HCC) refused to approve it, stating the new structure would dominate the older structure and sought a revision . While the APHMHIDC reportedly agreed to play by the guidelines, it has done little to get things moving on the ground.Officials of APHMIHDC said that they have called for tenders to fix a heritage conservation consultant to prepare proposal keeping in mind the heritage concerns. But the officials also maintain that health care development should not be kept in abeyance for heritage .A heritage expert expressed dismay over the perspective of the corporation. \"The building has an associated value that is based on its heritage . The HCC only gives general guidelines and it is up to the corporation to work on the specifics and come with a revised plan,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16792211", "title": "Dance, music treat to unfold today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The festival period is to begin next week with the Navaratras, but the festivities will kick in on Saturday itself. The weekend will see a dance and musical treat unfold, wherein residents would get to celebrate the month of Indian festivals in a classical way with \"Kartik- Music and Dance Utsav\" to be held at Tagore Theatre.The two-day \"utsav\" will include a classical vocal recital, \"Dastoor-e-Mausiqi,\" by Pandit Yashpaul and his disciple Kashish Mittal, while acclaimed Bharatnatyam dancer Padma Shri Geeta Chandran, Padma Shri Geeta Chandran, will present a dance performance, \"Gandhi: Warp and Weft,\" on Sunday.The choreography incorporates not just classical Bharatanatyam moves but also improvised contemporary moves of the dance form. \"Gandhi: Warp and Weft\" highlights some of the main concepts from Gandhian philosophy through a narrative of a female dancer of the 21st century.The performance starts with the concept of religious unity, then moves on to celibacy that explores Gandhi's experiment of keeping aside physical desires, while continuing with his duties of a householder. The third concept picked up by the dancer is \"Satyagraha.\" This section is inspired by Mahatma Gandhi's writings from the prison and various movements that he carried out like the Dandi March. Thereafter, she goes on to the concept of \"ahimsa,\" wherein Gandhi spoke about non-violence.In the fifth part, the focus shifts to caste and \"shram,\" where Gandhi talked about the dignity of labour and putting an end to caste discrimination.The last part on khadi showcases Gandhi's belief for ecological sustainability and balance. In this performance Geeta uses thread as a symbol for the bonds that the Gandhian movement wanted to create across the nation.Geeta Chandran is not only a celebrated bharatnatyam dancer but is also known for her carnatic music. She is also an accomplished vocalist.The \"utsav\" is being organized by Chandigarh Sangeet Natak Akademi. It would start at 6pm on Saturday as well as Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16792231", "title": "Big Brother to watch Ramleelas", "text": "CHANDIGARH: This time, Big Brother will watch Ramleelas in the city!The UT police on Friday urged Ramleela management committees to install close circuit television (CCTV) cameras at the show venues. The decision was taken in the wake of assault and thrashing incidents that took place last year during the epic performance.The message was conveyed to the members of 50 Ramleela committees in a meeting in police headquarters, Sector 9. The panels have also been told to deploy private security guards and their volunteers in uniform around the venues.SP (city) Deshraj Singh said, \"The committee members have also been told to make special arrangements in crowded places, like Sector 17 parade ground and Sector 27 Ramleela ground, among others.\" Around 50 Ramleela committees have obtained clearance from Chandigarh administration through UT police to hold the show. The general secretary of Kendriya Ramleela Maha Sabha, B P Gaur, said, \"CCTV cameras and other arrangements will be ensured at parking lots, entry and exit points. Besides, two CCTV cameras will be installed at the venues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16791186", "title": "Durai Dhayanidhi's bail plea hearing on October 15", "text": "MADURAI: The hearing of the anticipatory bail plea filed by Union minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dhayanidhi was adjourned to October 15 by the Madurai high court bench.Meanwhile, the Melur judicial magistrate court that heard the police plea seeking a non-bailable arrest warrant against Dhayanidhi was also adjourned to October 15. DSP Thangavel had approached the judicial magistrate court seeking the arrest warrant as Dhayanidhi was evading arrest for the past two months.Dhayanidhi Alagiri had preferred a fresh anticipatory bail plea after the Madurai bench rejected his earlier petition on September 25. He has been fearing arrest in the multi-crore illegal granite quarrying scam. He moved the high court again alleging that the police had foisted false charges on him. When the petition came up for hearing before justice T Mathivanan, it was posted for hearing next week.At the JM court in Melur, granite baron P R Palanisamy, lodged in Palayamkottai central prison, was quizzed through video conferencing. Though he was ordered to be produced in court in connection with six cases pertaining to encroachment, he answered queries through videoconferencing from Palayamkottai citing health grounds. Judge Jayakumar ordered that he be produced in the court on October 26.In a related development, \"Pottu\" Suresh, a close aide of Alagiri, was summoned to the office of the superintendent of police and interrogated over the whereabouts of Dhayanidhi. Suresh was also questioned over links between Nagarajan, who was Dhayanidhi's partner in Olympus Granites. Nagarajan, who also happens to be a relative of Suresh, is also on the run ever since the police started cracking down on the people involved in the granite business. Police suspect that it was through Suresh that Nagarajan got introduced to Alagiri and Dhayanidhi.Meanwhile, two more buses of PRP Exports were seized in Madurai. A day after 13 buses of Palanisamy were seized, a police team stopped two buses that were ready to ply from Melur and took them to the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791241", "title": "SC rejects bail plea of RTI activist Jethwa `killer\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday rejected the bail plea of Pratapbhai Hamirbhai Solanki, who is accused of murdering RTI activist Amitbhai Jethwa after he exposed the illegal mining activities of the accused and his relatives.Upholding the Gujarat High Court order declining grant of bail to Solanki, a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra said since the CBI probe into the murder case was going on, it would be inappropriate to release the accused on bail at this stage.The bench rejected the argument of the accused that there was no cogent evidence to nail him in the conspiracy to kill Jethwa, who was murdered in the evening of July 20, 2010, near the HC, and accepted Gujarat's counsel Hemantika Wahi's submission that Solanki was in constant touch with the murderer, whom he had hired for the contract killing.She said Solanki was facing a lot of problems because of Jethwa's pro-active crusade to expose his illegal activities by unearthing information using the RTI route.A month before he was killed, Jethwa had filed a public interest litigation in the HC alleging that illegal mining activities were being carried out in Una and Kodinar in Saurashtra by Solanki and his kin. He had also alleged that Solankis were indulging in illegal mining and stone crushing units in a village on the borders of Gir forests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16792090", "title": "Lance Armstrong's yellow band, books lose their meaning", "text": "Lance Armstrong . Modern day hero. Cancer survivor. Winner of more Tours than you can count on one hand. And, as it now transpires, the man who spearheaded the pollution of man's cleanest mode of transport.Cycling was fun before Armstrong appropriated it. The French hated him for it. Today, we too are not too sure how we feel about him. For long, he was an Apollo atop a bicycle. It will be interesting how we view him now after the truth has been laid bare by the US anti-doping authorities' an agency much maligned by Armstrong faithfuls for hounding their god. As more dirt of a highly sophisticated doping programme emerges, of how he bullied his mates to be a part of it and how an army of lawyers covered up for it all, it makes Tiger Woods' indiscretions look like a \"teddy bear picnic\".How will the highly misguided population seduced by the Armstrong saga all these years across the world argue against such irrefutable evidence now? Does it really matter that he cheated cancer? After all, he cheated at his sport too.It is possible that had we, as a race, managed to find a cure for the disease long before the American cyclist made a soap opera out of it we would have cared less for the man. He would have been forgotten faster than Ben Johnson was. Because the reality of the whole thing is that we, in this part of the world at least, cared little for Armstrong's sport. More than half of India travels by the bicycle, yet, it's a sport for a very tiny number. Before Armstrong, the forgotten Janki Das and the local doodhwala were India's most well-known cyclists.The monopoly of his successes at the highest level left most of Europe almost certain of a fix. Here, we went into adulatory mode without really understanding the nuances of competitive cycling, and crucially, the rigours of the annual grind across the European countryside. For us, the hero worship of Armstrong was born out of something else, certainly not sporting. The passion with which we took to sporting his celebrated yellow band on our wrists was a sign in itself. It created an instant cult. Spotting it on another wrist, standing out among other amulets and fading red sacred talismans' automatically meant that the other person was - like you - aware, sensitive, had heard of Armstrong's ordeal and the band was a token of his appreciation of it.As a result, we also took to detachedly following the final stages of the Tour de France . It mattered little that the cheating allegations swirled. We learnt what the yellow jersey signified, lapped up what was written and published about him - easily found in the sports sections of high-end book stores - and soon made him our secret sporting inspiration. Still, much as loved him, we never took up his sport.Today, we pride ourselves in acquiring a sporting grain and a sporting temper. Today, we are international participants - as competitors and spectators. It has been helped by watching top-end global sport live on TV, inviting the world's cricketers home each season. In all this come the revelations about an 'established sporting hero' being proven a cheat. How do we understand this now? How do we explain it to the next starryeyed youngster? Or, does it really matter to us?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16790268", "title": "Man dies of heart attack after scuffle", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 65-year-old man died of heart attack at a theater in Maninagar after a scuffle on Friday afternoon. Police identified the deceased as Kamlesh Marathi.Marathi's family has accused partners of Aradhna-Apsara twin cinema halls near Kankaria for indulging in the scuffle. Marathi was appointed by a court as receiver of the theatre property which was embroiled in a legal battle between Manu Shah and Virendra Shah.\"On the fateful day, Manu and Virendra visited Marathi's office and created a scene. They flung some papers at Marathi and also pushed him. Marathi collapsed and was rushed to LG Hospital where he died soon after admission. We suspect it to be a heart attack,\" said Kagdapith police station inspector M K Limbat, adding that Marathi's body had been sent for post mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "16791006", "title": "New dress code comes into force at Talacauvery", "text": "MADIKERI: In order to ensure that visitors to the pilgrim centre of Talacauvery, the birthplace of Cauvery, are modestly dressed, the authorities have put in place a dress code. With this, visitors will be discouraged from wearing bermudas, sleeveless tops and other non-traditional outfits to the temple.The decision was taken by the Bhagamandala-Talacauvery temple management committee and was enforced on Friday.The committee has also opened two counters at the temple town to provide men with dhotis and women, shawls.One staffer and six guards have been deputed at each counter to check on the attire of tourists and pilgrims. Anyone who refuses to adhere to a \"presentable and decorous\" dress code will be asked to cover themselves with the shawl or dhoti.\"Out intention is to ensure visitors are modestly dressed,\" said temple committee president Appachattolanda Manu Muthappa on the rationale behind the move. \"Sometimes visitors come wearing Bermudas, sleeveless tops or are skimpily dressed and that's not acceptable in a place of worship,\" said Muthappa.The dress code was formally put in place with ZP member S N Rajarao wearing a dhoti and Muthappa covering himself with a shawl. When asked how the committee plans to tackle a possible resistance to the move from visitors, Muthappa said, \"The committee has already taken a firm decision. Our security persons will convince pilgrims about the new rules framed by the committee to maintain the sanctity of the place of worship.\"Each piece of clothing can be borrowed for a fee of Rs 10 after paying a refundable deposit of Rs 50.The committee has also prepared a price chart for tonsuring and death rituals conducted at the temples. Meanwhile, the annual Cauvery Theerthodbhava festival will take place here on October 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16791251", "title": "Outage-free Tamil Nadu by June 2013? Minister thinks so", "text": "TRICHY: Looks like the ruling party is more anxious than the people over unscheduled power cuts. At a party meeting on Thursday at Karur, state electricity minister Natham R Viswanathan said Tamil Nadu would become power-cut-free after June next year. However, he was hopeful that the party would sweep all the 40 parliamentary (including Puducherry) seats in the next general elections.Viswanathan was participating in the Karur parliamentary AIADMK workers meet that was also attended by a host of other dignitaries such as minister for finance O Panneerselvam, transport minister V Senthil Balaji, minister for Adi Dravidar and tribal welfare N Subramanian, minister for school education, courts and prisons N R Sivapathy, minister for municipal administration K P Munusamy, and minister for housing and urban development R Vaithilingam. Karur MP Thambidurai chaired the meeting.As usual, Viswanathan waxed eloquently about how chief minister Jayalaithaa was ably ruling the state despite the Centre neglecting it on all fronts, while in nearby Pudukottai, enraged people were demonstrating against power-cuts around the same time.As the state was experiencing an unprecedented powerless situation, people were all ears to what the minister had to say.In a speech long on usual platitudes, Viswanathan said the Centre refused to give 1,000 MW from its pool, and the state could not even buy its requirement from the self-sufficient northern states as the Centre had again failed to provide grid linkage.\"We asked the Centre for more coal supply, but they gave us 30% less than usual allotment,\" the minister alleged.According to him, the Vallur project, the North Chennai project, and the Kudankulam atomic project would all become operational sooner, and the current deficit of 4,000 MW would be overcome by June next year.In the same vein, the minister said AIADMK workers must work hard to ensure all 40 parliamentary seats went to the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16791944", "title": "I-League: Dempo humiliate Sporting Clube", "text": "PANAJI: Sporting Clube de Goa had survived the first onslaught in the opening match but Dempo Sports Club proved too much to handle as the defending champions coasted to a 5-0 victory in an I-League clash at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Friday.Starting the second match in a row without a foreign player, Sporting hoped their energy and resolve could help them snatch another point. But up against the might of their far superior opponents, they could only watch admirably.Clifford Miranda's brace and goals from Anthony Pereira, Ryuji Sueoka and Koko Sakibo helped Dempo seal their second win on the trot. Armando Colaco sprang a surprise by leaving Climax Lawrence on the bench and opting to start with Rohan Ricketts in the centre of midfield. The former Arsenal man showed deft touches, covered some ground and played a couple of delightful balls with Peter Carvalho and Clifford, but, in the end, it was left for Climax to take over after 52 minutes.United defeat Bagan 2-1:United SC added to the misery of beleagured Mohun Bagan by posting a comefrom-behind 2-1 win in their Round 2 I-League match at Salt Lake Stadium on Friday, reports Abhishek Ganguly from Kolkata.It was the green and maroons' second straight defeat, following their humiliation at the hands of Shillong Lajong FC in Shillong. The men in purple, on the other hand, notched up their second successive win.Okolie Odafa seemed to have breathed some life into the Mohun Bagan ranks when he scored in the 19th minute. But United SC levelled scores eight minutes later through an own goal by Mohun Bagan defender Khelemba Meetei - which match commissioner RD Sow erroneously credited to United SC left-back Sukhen Dey - before Kayne Vincent, who played only because Belo Rasaq was suspended, struck the winner at the stroke of half-time.Lajong hold Salgaocar:Shillong Lajong FC played out a 1-1 draw with former champions Salgaocar FC at home on Friday to remain unbeaten in the I-League. Following a barren first half, Filipino striker Angel Guirado put Salgaocar ahead in the 52st minute. Egged on by a vociferous crowd at Shillong's Nehru Stadium, Lajong responded well, finding the equalizer through Ebi Sukore within three minutes. After two rounds, Lajong are on four points while Salgaocar opened their account with Friday's solitary point. Karim Bencherifa's team had arrived at the Meghalaya capital looking for a turnaround after a disappointing 2-3 loss to debutants United Sikkim in the opener.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16789110", "title": "Gang of robbers busted", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police on Friday busted an inter-state gang of robbers involved in stealing cash from parked vehicles, after arresting two persons while they were depositing cash in a bank in Margao. The police revealed the names of those accused as Naresh Anandan Shettigar, 28, and Aryan Nayar, 27, both from Chennai, and Uthayyya Kumar Narimutu, 27, from Kerala.Police said that based on the CCTV footage obtained from a bank, they were able to identify the accused involved in a similar case that occurred along the Khareband road, Margao, two days ago.On Friday, when two of the accused-Shettigar and Nayar -went to a bank in Pajifond to deposit large sums of money, the police, who were present inside, called out to them. As they tried to escape, they were nabbed and interrogated. That led to the arrest of the third, Narimutu, from Colva. The police are on the lookout for their fourth accomplice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16795187", "title": "FDA orders recall of Parle candy 'Mango Bite'", "text": "THANE: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has asked Parle Products to recall from the market the entire stock of its popular candy 'Mango Bite' branding it as \"unsafe\".Officials of FDA Konkan Division recently raided two locations in Raigadh and Bhiwandi and seized stock of the finished goods and ingredients, valued at Rs 2 crore.According to FDA, the manufacturer Parle Biscuits Pvt Ltd at Kirkhinde in Khopoli (Raigadh) used buffered lactic acid (adulterant) in the confectionery which is not permited. Joint Commissioner of FDA (Food) S K Shere said the seized goods include Sugar Boiled Confectionery (Parle Kachha Mango Bite) packed in jars valued at Rs 1,46,68,400.Besides, the team also seized around 8158 kgs of Buffered Lactic Acid valued at Rs 10.60 lakh. The samples of the seized goods have been sent to lab for testing, the officer said.In addition, the stock of Mango Bite was also seized from the godown at Bhiwandi, FDA officials said. FDA has directed the company to recall the stock of Mango Bite in the market and a final decision on the matter would be taken only after the test report is received.Officials said that Lactic Acid was \"harmful and unsafe\" but cannot be declared as unfit for human consumption. Its use is banned by the Food Authority of India.Earlier, FDA officials had conducted a raid and seized Mango bite worth Rs 60 lakh from a manufacturing unit at Nashik. The use of lactic acid (chiefly found in milk products) was banned in foodstuff after a bench found it not good for consumption for its tooth decaying side effects. It has been ruled out in Food Safety &amp; Standard Act of 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16791610", "title": "Tedious wait to correct errors in ration cards", "text": "MANGALORE: Indira, a homemaker, has visited the department of food and civil supplies five times. Just for a change of address in her ration card (RC).Like Indira, every day hundreds of ration card applicants and beneficiaries stand in long queues for hours for corrections in their ration cards.Speaking to TOI Indira said: \"Just for a change of address I have visited this office five times. My husband is ailing. Because of the long queues I end up going back home without meeting the authorities. The procedure to change the address is confusing and none of the officers are helpful.\"\"If I spend half my day here, who will take care of my husband\" she asks.The past few weeks has seen serpentine queues at the RS office. There are only four counters to receive the applications.Joachin Menezes, a government employee, said though he has submitted the necessary documents and has filled up the application forms without any mistakes, there are so many spelling mistakes in the names of his family members.\"Despite visiting the department of food and civil supplies often and standing in queues just to get the errors corrected, I have not been able to do it,\" he rues.Roopesh Shetty, a human resource executive, says at all the four counters, officers are receiving applications of the first 35 persons in the queue. \"Even as early as 7am, there is a long queue. We are not able to submit our applications because of the long queues,\" he said. \"Don't we have any other work apart from obtaining ration card,\" a man asked.However, department of food and civil supplies assistant director Suresh Kumar said to facilitate ration card beneficiaries, the department is opening four more counters in different parts of the city soon. He said there is shortage of staff in the department - three D-group employees and a second division clerk's posts are vacant. \"We can receive only 140 applications every day for the available staff strength,\" he added.Suresh says the sudden rush is because until now the department was not accepting applications regarding corrections on RCs. The government ordered the department to receive applications related to corrections two months ago, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "16791166", "title": "Administration orders probe into Ramgarh 'hunger' death", "text": "RAMGARH: The administration has ordered a magisterial probe into the death of two tribals in Gola and Chitarpur villages allegedly because of hunger.Sarodhar Manjhi of village Sutari under Gola block and Ramlal Munda of village Sukarigarha under Chitarpur block allegedly died of hunger. Families of both were, however, not listed in the below poverty line (BPL) category which deprived them of government scheme benefits.Deputy commissioner Amitabh Kaushal on Friday said his office was informed about the two tribal deaths because of hunger and he had constituted an inquiry.The probe will be conducted by subdivisional officer Deepak Kumar who has visited the blocks from where the tribals belonged.\"It will be too early to confirm whether the tribals actually died of hunger unless the probe report is submitted and postmortem report is received. But prima facie, it appears to be death because of hunger and the administration is treating the issue seriously,\" Kaushal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16782948", "title": "I\u2019ve been through hell: Shweta Tiwari", "text": "A candid Shweta Tiwari speaks to TOI about how her divorce has finally liberated herThe ecstasy in her voice amused us when we spoke with Shweta Tiwari minutes after she got divorced with Raja Chaudhary on Wednesday. \"Today I'm really happy as I've finally got divorced; I wish to speak my mind,\" chuckled Shweta who's been rather reticent about sharing notes on her personal life. The way she yields up her emotions suggests how she's been coveting this feeling of emancipation for long. Here're the excerpts of a tete-a-tete between NT and Shweta Tiwari...It's very rare to see somebody's so delighted to have got a divorce... You must have been through hell. Oh yes , I've been through hell! In fact, I must tell you it's been seven years of marriage, followed by six years of fighting for divorce. So, it was 13-14 years of vanvaas, which I've finally come out from. Even after getting separated after seven years of marital bond-age with Raja, the following six years have been full of the same ruckus as he would still haunt me, trouble me incessantly; he was never out of my life. So, I was really desperate to get divorce to keep him away from my life. Now after the court's decree, our worlds have separated; and I'm sure he will not be able to trouble me any more.On the face of it, Raja has seemingly accepted it happily, but aren't you afraid of any kind of relapse from his side, considering his short temper and fickle-mindedness? You know, earlier I was married to him; and as both of our houses were in our joint names, he had a right to come home. Another pretext he had to visit us was to meet our daughter Palak. Now I've given one house to him and kept the other one for myself, on which he has no legal right; he promised in the court that he would not meet Palak if I gave him a house. So, earlier he had a sort of licence to trouble me, and now that licence has been taken away.Isn't it alimony of sorts, given the impression that both of your properties were bought from your earnings? Yeah, people say that it's kind of alimony only, but then legally he had an equal right over the properties as it was in our joint names. It's true that both the houses were bought from my earnings as he never earned any money. While I worked hard to make money, he was the one who would go around buying properties from my earnings, so he insisted on registering them in our joint names (to technically become the co-owner). And he had his way. During the divorce proceedings, we made him two offers, either take a house, which would be co-owned by our daughter Palak, or to take the sole ownership rights of a house, and stay away from Palak; he immediately lapped up the latter one. He wanted to take one house to go away from our lives. And I bought peace for my daughter and myself at this cost.What's your daughter's reaction to your divorce? She's also been troubled a lot because of your marital disturbances... Palak, who has just turned 12 on eighth of this month, has witnessed atrocities doled out to me by her father; he has beaten me up and harassed me many times in front of her. But, she always had a hope that her father loved her as she would watch Raja on television, making all the false claims about me not letting him meet his daughter and how much he loved her. Now when Raja has proved that all that was humbug by preferring a property over his daughter, Palak will have to come to terms with this sad reality.As you've faced a lot of domestic violence, you may be having an opinion about Gulabi Gang - a group of women under the commandership of Sampat Pal - which has now taken law in its own hands to 'punish oppressive men carrying out domestic violence.' If our police (or law) can bail out the oppressed women from their torturous plight, then I don't support these Gulabi Gangs at all. But, I think fear factor of the Gulabi Gang can serve as a strong deterrent to the harassing husbands of many women, who, despite being physically assaulted by their husbands, don't want to take the matter to police or courts, because of which they keep on lumping their misery. (Laughs) Also, earlier if I was aware of their existence, I would have also approached them and requested, 'Gulabi Gang, please come to my rescue and make him (Raja) gulabi!'You are planning to tie the knot with your love Abhinav Kohli... Any caution you wish to exercise this time? When I got married to Raja in 1999, I was 19; I was too young to understand that he was not the right guy for me. Your husband should be able to respect you; he cannot be financially dependent on his wife. I just thought you only need to like a person to marry him, which's quite naive. My mother opposed Raja as my choice, but I didn't listen to her. I got introduced to Raja through Rachna didi (Raja's cousin sister), and within three months, I found myself married to this guy. I should have waited for some more years to take a call on marriage. And now I think I'm old enough to decide upon a good life partner (laughs). I see a good partner in Abhinav, but I need to take some time as I'm just out of a harrowing marriage. I'm just divorced and wish to enjoy my single status. And even he is not in hurry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16791322", "title": "\u2018Regular exercise must for keeping arthritis at bay\u2019", "text": "KANPUR: It has long been believed that only people past middle age are prone to arthritis. No wonder 26-year-old Namita Verma, a bank employee, was shocked when she was diagnosed with Ankylosing Spondylitis (a type of arthritis), a condition caused by chronic inflammation of joints, especially those between vertebrae in the spine.As per a recent WHO report, 1 in 6 people and 1 in 3 families are affected by arthritis in India, and alarmingly, it has now started affecting the younger lot as well. Orthopedic experts from the city blamed sedentary lifestyle and obesity for the spurt in youngsters suffering from arthritis. According to recent data of arthritis cases, as many as 40% of the cases belonged to the age group of 24 to 40 years.\"The reasons for higher number of arthritis cases are lack of exercise, obesity and weak bones. The ailment can affect anyone, a 5-year-old or a 75-year-old. It is important to engage in some kind of physical exercise daily. Higher incidence of arthritis can also be attributed to increased awareness and subsequently better reporting,\" said Dr K Swaroop, orthopedic surgeon at Ursala Horseman Hospital. The expert said there are about 200 types of arthritis, of which osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis are the most common.\"While osteoarthritis is related to wear and tear of joints, rheumatoid arthritis is related to bigger joints in the body,\" added Dr Swaroop. Another type of arthritis is systemic lupus erythematosis wherein the immune system attacks various tissues and structures within the body. Yet another kind is gout, which is caused by excess of uric acid in the body, which then accumulates in certain joints.Dr Sanjay Srivastava, orthopedic surgeon at Railway hospital informed that common symptoms of arthritis include pain and limited function of joints. \"Inflammation of joints from arthritis may be accompanied by stiffness, swelling, redness, and a burning sensation,\" he added. In some patients, the symptoms may include fever, swollen glands and lymph nodes, weight loss, fatigue, general unease and even malfunctioning of lungs, heart, or kidneys, said the surgeon.Dr Sachin Awasthi, orthopedic expert of Lala Lajpat Rai hospital informed that early stages of arthritis can be treated through homeopathy and Ayurveda . Even allopathic has proper cure for arthritis, but those who approach health facilities in advanced stages are not left with any option other that surgery. The expert said there is a need to raise awareness on the disease so that patients seek medical help in time. \"It is recommended that all adults engage in 150 minutes or more of exercise every week. The exercise can be of moderate intensity, aerobic physical activity or related to muscle-strengthening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16791297", "title": "Jharkhand hopes to become power surplus by 2014", "text": "RANCHI: Even as Jharkhand meets half of its power requirement from central sector and generating units outside the state, the government is hopeful of becoming power surplus by 2014 adding around 2,500MW to the existing domestic capacity. Keeping this under consideration, the government is preparing plans for erecting infrastructure for transmission lines that will enable the state in evacuating the power produced in the state.Talking to media, chief minister Arjun Munda said on Thursday that the state was concerned about transmission infrastructure and the Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL) has been entrusted with the work of revamping transmission infrastructure within a couple of years. \"At present, we are taking up repair and maintenance (R&M;) work of the Patratu Thermal Power Station (PTPS) so as to add 3x660 MW power generation capacity at shortest possible time,\" he said.Munda hinted that the Tenughat Vidyut Nigam Limited (TVNL) also needs to be revamped but the matter was held up between Bihar and Jharkhand for division of assets and liabilities. \"Once the TVNL issue gets resolved and some of the captive power plants of various private companies become functional, the state is likely to have around 3000 MW of power for which evacuation would be a big challenge,\" he said.The cabinet during its meet in July this year had given nod to Rs 1,454 crore project to revamp the transmission network. The work order has been given to the PGCIL to convert the existing 220 KV transmission line to 400 KV and install transformer of higher capacity.Munda said till date 23,000 villages were electrified under the Rajiv Gandhi Grammen Vidyutikaran Yojna (RGGVY) and decision was taken about the remaining 1,480 villages. \"These villages will be electrified by the JSEB under the rural electrification scheme and the process will be monitored by the CM secretariat closely,\" he said.In giving nod to private parties for producing power in the state, the government has entered into an agreement with the power generating companies to procure 25%of the net generation on variable cost basis. The Jharkhand State Electricity Regulatory Commission will decide the price on which the state will procure the one-fourth component of the net power generated in the state.Munda said this additional power would straightway go to the transmission system replenishing the existing shortfall.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16790281", "title": "Gautam Deb's son surrenders, walks out on bail", "text": "KOLKATA: Following a molestation complaint by a student of Bidhannagar College, Saptarshi Deb - SFI leader and son of former housing minister Gautam Deb - surrendered before the Bidhannagar court on Friday. He was later released on a bond of Rs 2000. after a female student of Bidhannagar College lodged a molestation complaint against him two days ago. He was released on bail on a bond of Rs 2,000.Around 2.30pm on Friday, Saptarshi reached the Bidhannagar additional chief judicial magistrate's court along with three of his friends. The trio was charged with rash driving, molestation, threatening, making obscene gestures and acting with a common interest. After the hearing, the court released them on bail.Later in the day, Saptarshi said that he was present near the college on the day of the alleged incident, but denied the charges against him.The student, a Trinamool Chhatra Parishad unit secretary of the college, alleged in her complaint that Saptarshi and three other SFI supporters of the college had molested her and even attempted to murder her on Wednesday. The incident also triggered a verbal duel between the SFI and TMCP on the campus and SFI alleged that the TMCP were had been creating problems for some time and trying to malign them by bringing false allegations against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "virudhunagar", "code": "16791198", "title": "Cracker unit workers take to the streets, insist upon safety", "text": "VIRUDHUNAGAR: Caught between the government and owners of fireworks units who are unwilling to spend on safety measures, labourers in the industry took to the streets demanding early opening of closed cracker units after equipping them with full safety measures.Irate labourers of the cracker units from various villages boycotted work and staged a protest alleging that the closure of cracker units had hit their livelihood. Licenses for as many as 57 cracker units have been suspended and show-cause notices have been issued to more than 500 units for violation of safety norms after inspections. The workers of fireworks units demanded that the licenses be revoked and the units allowed to function, albeit with safety norms. The agitators came down upon cracker units and urged the owners to put in place all safety measures on a war footing. \"We have become victims of firework unit owners' lack of will to put in place safety features, and the government agencies. For us, cracker units are the only source of livelihood. That is why we are toiling in these units despite lurking dangers. But if these units remain shut for more days, our lives would become even more pathetic,\" said a protesting villager.Trade union functionaries said this was the first time workers of the cracker units were going on strike in the history of the fireworks hub. The strike was called for by the Centre of Indian Trade Unions (CITU). The agitating workers pointed out that though safety was of paramount importance, their livelihood was being hit due to closure of units. They insisted that the government complete inspections to ensure that there were adequate safety measures soon and allow the units to commence work.The 800-odd fireworks units in Sivakasi provide work to nearly 3.5 lakh people in the town and many allied industries like printing, matchsticks and packing thrive in the district. However, the accidents and loss of life have become a part and parcel of these fireworks units due to lack of safety standards and illegal practices by cracker unit owners.\"We want safety of workers. The administration should provide a safe environment for the workers in the units. The government should abolish practices like labour contracts and sub-contracting and enrol workers properly in the units with all benefits,\" M Mahalakshmi, district secretary of the workers union affiliated to CITU said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16792248", "title": "Now, organ donation help a click away", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Had organ donation help been a click away, Upasna Sharma, 33, wouldn't have suffered for 20 years. Upasna was diagnosed with an end-stage liver disease when she was 13-year-old. With time, her ailment grew severe. And a year ago, doctors told her that she had only two months to live. Though a cadaver liver donation gifted her a new life at PGI, she felt there was a need for an interactive platform between recipients and donors that could save many lives. On the lines of the concept, PGI will launch a website \u2014 ''Life of lamp'', a portal to spread awareness about multi-organ donation and allow interaction between donors and recipients \u2014 on Saturday .The idea to initiate the interactive site sprouted when Upasna shared her thoughts with her doctors. \"It was faith that gave me the strength for so many years. With each passing day, the disease grew severe and so did my pain. After the transplant, I casually told my doctors that had there been a network or a link allowing donors to come to my rescue, I wouldn't have endured for so long,\" said Upasna, a resident of Sector 44 who works in a tourism company. Her success story, too, will be uploaded on the site. The webpage will be animated with videos of success stories and an informative documentary on how organs are harvested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16790187", "title": "No shortage of Indane refills", "text": "BANGALORE: Indian Oil's Indane LPG customers need not worry -- there is no shortage of both domestic subsidized and domestic non-subsidized LPG refill cylinders.As per the recent central government scheme, domestic LPG customers are eligible for three subsidized cylinders till March 31, 2013. There is no restriction in the number of non-subsidized cylinders that customers can avail of beyond the subsidized refills. From April 1, 2013, customers can avail six subsidized LPG refills per financial year with no restriction on the number of non-subsidized cylinders they can of.Customers should ensure that entries of refill supplies are properly made by delivery boys in the Domestic Gas Consumer Card (blue book) issued by distributors and those who don't have this book should contact their distributor to get it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16792113", "title": "People believe leaders are making a mockery of padayatras", "text": "It's raining yatras in AP. While Naidu is walking untiringly to meet people through his Vastunna Meekosam padayatra, CM Kiran Kumar Reddy is busy with his Indiramma Baata mass contact programme. With Sharmila also entering the yatra bandwagon from October 18, it's going to be a trapeze act of leaders going all-out to woo the voters well ahead of the 2014 elections. But people believe the leaders are making a mockery of padayatras and their marches not even a patch of what Mahatma Gandhi's famous Dandi march.Related article : TDP chief resumes yatra after illness", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16789810", "title": "Himachal Pradesh assembly polls: Land deals on agenda of political parties", "text": "SHIMLA: Sensitive about allowing non-HP residents buy agriculture land in the state, both the Congress and BJP have made it is a core election issue and are out to get at each other on who exercised more discretionary powers in permitting such land deals.Chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal has defended granting permission to both Priyanka Gandhi Vadra and Prashant Bhusan, to buy agricultural and tea estate land respectively. \"If anybody has objections, the matter can be challenged in the courts,\" he said.Section 118 of HP Land Tenancy and Reforms Act, 1972 debars non-agriculturalist from buying agricultural land in Himachal. A discretionary clause, liberally used by successive governments in the state, wherein government of the day can allow selective individuals to buy agricultural land, is what has prompted both the political parties to accuse each other of putting \"Himachal on sale\".\"Between 2003 and 2007, Congress had granted permission to 2,398 outsiders to buy land,\" said Satpal Satti, BJP state unit president. \"Since 2008, our government has only given 1,497 permissions,\" he added.Raging controversies over sale of land to a prestigious DLF housing project in forested area of Shimla and large chunks of lands bought by private universities, raked up by opposition Congress, had forced the BJP government to set up a one-man judicial commission to look into all land deals in the state.Besides pointing out several deals that were executed in violation of state laws, the commission report also recorded that several religious organizations had bought land far in access than what the HP Ceiling on Land Holding Act of 1972 permitted.At his public rallies, Congress leader Virbhadra has been telling people, \"Himachal is on sale. All land deals will be investigated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789694", "title": "Afraid of reprimand, 9-year-old flees home", "text": "MUMBAI: Fearing a scolding for lying, a nine-year old boy ran away from home on October 6 and is missing for six days now. His distraught father says he never hauled up his son over academics and only wanted to teach him honesty.Aditya Sathiyaraj, a Class IV student of Sion's SIES School, returned home later than usual from tuition on Saturday and made an excuse. Asked by his father Sathiyaraj Devraj (43) to wait outside the flat while he corroborated it with the tuition teacher, Aditya ran away, probably fearing he would be reprimanded. Sathiyaraj, an automobile mechanic employed in Saudi Arabia, is in shock. \"I never scolded my son over studies since his mother's death three years ago. He is too dear to all of us. I only wanted him to be straightforward instead of starting his life with a lie,\" he told TOI.On October 6, Aditya returned home around 4.30pm, after attending a tuition class in the neighbourhood. \"As the school's mid-term exams were near, the tuition teacher called an extra class on Saturday. A while before my son returned, his classmate, who stays in our building, came to return an eraser he left in the class. She told me Aditya had left class 15 minutes early saying he had to go to the temple with his grandmother,\" said Sathiyaraj.But Aditya returned home and told his father he was delayed by an extra class he attended after other students left. \"I knew he had gone to play after leaving the class early. I asked him to wait as I called up his tuition teacher. When I turned around, he was not there. I thought he went down to play and would return with his grandmother,\" he said.While Sathiyaraj alternates his time between Saudi Arabia and India, Aditya lived with his grandmother at Sion's Shivaji Nagar Cooperative Housing Society. When his mother came around 5pm but Aditya was not with her, Sathiyaraj panicked and with his brother who lives in the building, searched for him. Finally at 6pm, he filed a missing complaint at Sion police station.Senior inspector Motiram Kasar said Aditya's details were provided to police and railway control rooms and posters flashed in Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Thane. \"Efforts are also on to search hotels and restaurants, in case the boy took up a job after running away from home,\" said Kasar.Psychiatrists say the incident has again put the focus on the 'scare and inspire' practice parents use for ages. Dr Harish Shetty, cautioned, \"The child may be scared he would be reprimanded if there has been a precedent. Scare and inspire won't work with every kid. Parents should explore their child's behaviour and what makes him/her not listen.\"However, some said children have become very impulsive and should be dealt with patiently, but firmly. Dr Sanjay Kumawat of the Bombay Psychiatrists' Society, said, \"This generation does not like to take defeat or 'no' for an answer. It happens when too much importance is given to them or when they get contradictory messages from different family members. Parents need to keep control over children, only when there is an authoritative figure in the house is this possible,\" he said.Psychiatrist Dr Seema Hingorany said, \"If the child trusts he will be heard and understood by parents, he would not lie. And if parents trust their children, they will be in better control of the situation. What parents need is a lot of calm and understanding to deal with children these days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16793560", "title": "Priya signs her third in B-Town", "text": "Even as Priya Anand's is celebrating the success in Bollywood with Sridevi , we hear that she has signed her third film there. According to sources, she will be seen in Fukrey, which is being produced by popular director Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Sidhwani .A source says, \"Farhan and Ritesh are known for coming out with films that are youthful entertainers. Currently, they are working on a film titled Fukrey , to be directed by Mrigdeep Singh Lamba. The movie, set against a college backdrop, is about bonding between friends , and has an ensemble cast. While Pulkit Samrat (of Bittoo Boss fame) and Richa Chadda are already part of the cast, Priya is the latest one to be roped in.\"The film is likely to start rolling from next month in Delhi. Meanwhile, she is currently working on Priyadarshan's Hindi remake of Nadodigal , titled Rangrez , and Dhanush's production, Ethir Neechal in K-Town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790780", "title": "Youth held for allegedly raping 16-year-old", "text": "JAIPUR: A youth was arrested on Friday for allegedly raping a 16-year old girl who lived in the same building in Mansarovar area. The girl's family members alleged that the youth had been blackmailing the girl on the basis of some video clips. However, the police said they are yet to ascertain the allegations as they have not found any clippings on the youth's laptop and mobile phone.According to SHO, Mansarovar, Rajendra Singh, the girl who had dropped out of school after class X last year lives in a flat facing that of one Raja alias Rajendra Choudhary.\"Raja was looking for a job after completing training at industrial training institute (ITI). During preliminary investigations, it came up that he had been sexually exploiting the minor girl for the past four months. We have arrested him and booked him under charges of rape,\" said the officer.The officer added that the girl's father had accused Raja of blackmailing the girl, however, they are trying to obtain evidence to prove it.\"We have gone through Raja's mobile and laptop after the girl's father lodged an FIR on Thursday. However, we did not find any video clips,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16790823", "title": "International mediation contest begins at National Law Institute University", "text": "BHOPAL: Beginning Saturday, 32 teams from 29 colleges of India and abroad will compete for top honours at the 2nd international mediation competition at the National Law Institute University,(NLIU) Bhopal. The three-day competition will end on Oct 14.The competition was inaugurated on Friday. It is the second consecutive year when the NLIU, Bhopal is hosting the event. It is hosted in association with International Academy Alternative Dispute Resolution (INADR), a leading international organization on mediation. As part of this association, INADR holds a capsule training session for all teams before the start of the competition.A mediation session is where parties mutually agree to resolve their disputes through talking and a discussion-based model.Convener, Alternate Dispute Resolution Cell (ADRC), NLIU, Prateek Mishra said, the aim of the competition is to arrive at a solution that is mutual and does not compromise much with the aims of either party. \"There is a lot of scope for out-of-the-box thinking, real life solutions, creativity, even theatrics, without going into the legal hassles of procedure and lots of paper work,\" he said.There will be three cash prizes-best overall team, best advocate and client pair and best mediator of Rs 30,000, 20,000 and Rs 10,000 respectively.NLIU director, professor SS Singh, NLIU, President of INADR, H Case Ellis, secretary INADR, Tom Valenti and administrator Meghann Sweeney attended the inaugural ceremony earlier during the day.Prof Singh suggested that the problems based on real life situations be incorporated in the competition to make the experience richer.The ceremony was followed by a training workshop for all students. The members of INADR addressed the doubts of the students with respect to mediation and also gave important suggestions on improving the mediation skills. The entire process of mediation was discussed at length.The competition rounds are to begin from Saturday .The final round is scheduled to be organised on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789351", "title": "Gopal Kanda denied bail in case for evading trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday rejected the bail plea of former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda in a case registered against him and his brother Govind for allegedly evading court proceedings in a 14-year-old cheque bounce case.While Gopal and Govind are both named accused in the case, Govind is on interim bail till October 31.In a separate case against Gopal Kanda for allegedly abetting the suicide of former air hostess Geetika Sharma, additional chief metropolitan magistrate D K Jangala extended the judicial custody of the former minister till October 17. His aide Aruna Chaddha, also an accused, has also moved a bail plea before district and additional sessions judge S K Sarvaria, who has posted it for October 15. The two were recently chargesheeted by police. During the hearing on Kanda's bail plea in the Patiala House court, senior advocate Ramesh Gupta said his client, Gopal, had been acquitted in the cheque bounce case recently by a court here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16791298", "title": "Union urban development ministry backs increasing FAR for motels", "text": "NEW DELHI: Backing the Delhi Development Authority's (DDA) decision to increase floor area ratio (FAR) of motels in the national Capital, the Union urban development (UD) ministry claimed that this would increase supply of rooms in the city and give visitors more affordable options. It also said that rise in FAR would add to banquet and conference facilities, which are in short supply, and bring down rates.The ministry said the proposal to increase FAR for motels from 15 in 2007 to 175 - an over 11-fold increase \u2014 was not new. \"The ministry had received the proposal from DDA in February 2008. The authority had proposed FAR for hotels to be 225. Both proposals were mooted before the Commonwealth Games with an intent to provide more hotel rooms in the Capital. While the decision for hotels was approved in that year, FAR for motels was pending in the ministry,\" a source said.Officials said while \"motel\" was not defined and it did not find a place in the Master Plan 2021, hotel was defined as \"a premise used for lodging of 15 persons or more\". They claimed that almost all motels had lodging facility for more than 15 people, and hence there was a case for increasing their FAR.Moreover, in July 2011, the Union tourism ministry wrote to UD ministry favouring increase in FAR for motels \"as applicable to hotels\". Sources said the tourism ministry had mentioned howf at least 8,000-10,000 additional rooms were required. In addition, Delhi government also recommended increasing FAR for motels. During this period, several motel owners' associations had also pushed the proposal.\"At present, visitors to Delhi have two options - either going for expensive hotels or the ones in Paharganj. Increasing FAR of motels is part of a national target of efficient use of land in urban areas. The higher FAR is subject to motel owners' responsibility to provide necessary infrastructure,\" a senior ministry official said. He added that DDA took an in-principle decision after following due procedure, inviting objections and suggestions.However, questions are being raised whether the motels, particularly on the outskirts, are getting enough guests. \"There should be a reality check to find out the optimum use of rooms available in motels,\" an urban planner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16789455", "title": "Don't allow RTI misuse", "text": "Where the right to information intrudes into an area that is strictly private and does not impinge on public interest, clearly it must be circumscribed. However, there will be a lot of grey areas where the right to privacy and the right to information will be in conflict. In such situations, we would suggest that the law must err on the side of transparency. Those in public office \u2014 which is where the RTI Act applies \u2014 must accept that their right to privacy cannot be an absolute right and must bow to the larger public interest. Any other method of striking the balance between the two potentially conflicting rights would be against the spirit of true democracy and transparency.Related story : Misuse of RTI Act riles PM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16791382", "title": "Street play highlights social issues", "text": "KANPUR: The second day of the youth festival, Antaragni-2012, ushered a lot of excitement here on Friday when various competitions entered in their next round. The centre of attraction remained the \"Nukkad Natak\" staged before hundreds of students.Teams of students displayed their acting skills and touched upon various social issues in the street play, \"Nukkad Natak\", conducted in the open in Old Student Activity Centre (SAC).The students from Motilal Nehru College, Delhi, enacted a play \"Houseful\" which raised concern over the rising population in the country. The team highlighted before the audiences the importance of using contraceptives for restricting human population, instead of considering every baby born as God's gift. Sunny, Shivendra, Simona, Karandeep and other members of the group received a huge round of applause from the crowd for a good performance delivered.The girl students of Gargi College, Delhi, depicted the atrocities committed against wild animals in circuses. They highlighted as to how the animals are used to entertain people despite suffering pain. The students told TOI that the use of animals in circuses should be brought to an end with strict laws.Team members Aanchal and Aditi, first-year students of the college, were excited to be part of Antaragni-2012.\"It's for the first time that we have come to IIT-Kanpur to take part in Antaragni,\" they said. They added that though they were new to Anataragni, their college has been participating for the past couple of years.The students of Shivaji College, Delhi University, through their act demanded speedy trials of cases in Indian courts. They named their act \"Satyamev Jayate\". The students looked contended after their performances. The participants included Ayush, Manoj, Siddhant, Kirti, Shravika and their classmates.The participants who have come all the way for taking part in 'Antaragni-12' were witnessed rehearsing for hours to deliver their best in the competitions.A team of IIT-K students who were to take part in the event called \"Street Dance\" were seen practicising hard before the competition. The team leader, Siddhant, a first-year student of Delhi University and his other team members Vikas Pradhan, Twinkle Singh and Saumya Kapoor were enjoying every moment. They were hopeful that they will win the competition.Those who had taken part in the solo singing competition too were seen rehearsing on the campus. Priyanka and Nitika along with their other teammates were excited after delivering a smooth singing performance.The event \"Synchronicity\", the rock band competition, too, was a huge hit as students in large numbers turned up for the rock section. The participating teams were adjudged by the judges of the show and a few shortlisted teams entered the next round.In the group singing competition, students of Maharani College, Jaipur, dressed in Rajasthani attire participated with full enthusiasm. Their teachers Sareena Kalia and Sonam Soni were sure of the success of their team. A team of 26 girl students from the Maharani College are participating in a total of 10 competitions.In the competition, \"Vogue Kostume\", face painting and paper costume, the students of Babu Banarasi Das College were witnessed making last minute preparations. Abbas Ali, one of the team members, was sure of his team's win in the competition.IIT- Kh in gear mode for their annual festKANPUR: Like Antaragni, Spring Fest-2013-the annual cultural fest of IIT-Kharagpur is yet another grand event, which remains centre of attraction for the students studying in different universities across the country.The organisers of Spring Fest 2012 informed that the cultural festival coupled with the diamond jubilee celebrations had redefined the zenith. Spring Fest 2013 will also be a grand show and will be held from January 23 to 26, they added.Utkarsh Agarwal, one of the student organisers of the cultural event informed TOI that with a plethora of more than 60 events ranging from varied genres, it provides a platform to the students where they can prove their mettle.He said that the major attraction of this year's fest is its nation-wide rock band competition 'Wildfire', which is to be conducted in 5 major cities of the country namely Bangalore, Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Guwahati.'Wildfire' over the years has grown to become the biggest rock band competition in the country at college level. IIT-Kharagpur model United Nations conference in association with the debating society of IIT-Kharagpur is another highlight of event. It is organised in collaboration with UNIC. It will be three day conference and will be held from January 24 to 26. Apart from the innovative councils, a dynamic international press, exciting crisis simulations and the much awaited delegate night make this a very memorable and enriching experience, said Utkarsh further.Nukkad, the street play competition will be also be conducted nationwide. The event will have the prelims conducted in Delhi, Mumbai and Chandigarh in the month of December, with the finals to be held in Kharagpur during the fest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16792070", "title": "Heroes in pink conquer breast cancer", "text": "LUDHIANA: When 74-year-old Veena Chawla of Urban Estate, Jamalpur, was first diagnosed with breast cancer 11 years ago, her first reaction was of despair. \"I cried for a while and then thought that I have no other option but to fight the disease. With the blessings of the Almighty, support of my family members and doctors from Christian Medical College and Hospital, I managed to defeat the disease,\" Chawla says.However, her fight was far from being over as in 2011 the disease resurfaced. \"This time I didn't cry and instead fought with the disease again and won,\" said Chawla.\"I feel that five Cs are must to fight the disease. These are consideration, cooperation, concern, care and cash. My sons Parag, Puneet and Tushar and daughters-in-law Meena, Poonam and Kumud gave me full support and bore my mood swings during the course of treatment,\" Chawla said, adding, \"My message to those diagnosed with the disease or are suffering from it is that don't be scared. Instead, fight it and have faith in the Almighty\".Meetu Nayyar, 39, an IT consultant and a resident of Sugandha Vihar, is another breast cancer survivor. She was diagnosed with the disease in March 2011. \"Like other patients, I was in denial at first. Later when tests confirmed it, I thought I cannot run away from the situation. The first thing I did was to know my enemy (cancer). I wanted to avoid negative thoughts and concentrated on thinking positive. Also, faith in God, doctors and love and care by my husband, mother-in-law Neelam Nayyar and friends helped me fight the disease and score a victory over it. However, I do feel support groups can help spread awareness about the disease.\"\"My message to those diagnosed with the disease is to trust God, doctors and seek support from family members. A woman takes care of the entire family so it is important that she is healthy too\", says Meetu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16793906", "title": "Pt Tanmoy Bose\u2019s restaurant launch", "text": "It was music to the ears for connoisseurs of good food when percussionist Pt Tanmoy Bose's eatery opened its doors on Thursday. With touches of musical elements in its decor and a scrumptious menu on offer, the place is sure to make foodies smile.However, the big surprise of the day was when musician Anoushka Shankar dropped by for the opening. \"I have toured with Tanmoyda almost half my life. He is one my favourite people. When I heard that this restaurant serves sushi, I thought I HAVE to be here! I'm sure this place is going to be a hit,\" she said.Anoushka missed out on Midnight's Children since she was pregnant at that point of time. We asked her if we can expect to see her in any upcoming movies, maybe one directed by hubby Joe. \"Well, there are no such plans for now. I don't think I will be in a film any time soon,\" she laughed.We spotted her engaged in plenty of banter with cousin Mamata Shankar, but when does the city get a taste of her music? \"I am really hopeful for a concert in Kolkata. If all goes according to plan, I will be performing in February,\" she said. Tanmoy, who was seen enjoying the do, said, \"As a musician, I have experimented a lot. Let's say this is another experiment. I have travelled the world over and wanted to bring a taste of international food to the city.\"We caught designer Agnimitra Paul checking out the interiors. \"This place gives very warm vibes. I will definitely come here with my family after the Pujas,\" she said. Soccer player Alvito D'Cunha was also at the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790316", "title": "Varsity management council member wants FIR on handwritten marksheets", "text": "NAGPUR: A Management Council member of the Nagpur University, while taking cognisance of TOI's October 7 expose on NU providing handwritten marksheets, has demanded that a police complaint be lodged to bring the guilty to book.Dinesh Agrawal, in a letter to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal said he was shocked to read the TOI report and also the statement of pro-VC that the handwritten marksheets would be replaced by computerized one. The newspaper had reported that even after the ban on issuance of such marksheets in the aftermath of the infamous Kohchade scam that rocked the NU in 1999, those were recently distributed them to MCM students.Even Master in Mass Communication ( MMC) students were issued such marksheets till a couple of years back, making a complete mockery of the norms. Handwritten marksheets are not accepted by the universities abroad and also by various organizations. NU PRO couldn't be contacted for his comments.Citing the Kohchade scam, which took place as handwritten marksheets were manipulated and issued during that period, Agrawal stated that a panel under retired high court judge M Quazi had suggested a slew of reforms to stop its recurrence. \"One of the significant recommendations was that the NU shall not issue any manual written marksheets or certificates because they are most prone and vulnerable to vested manipulations,\" he informed, adding that those were accepted by NU's competent decision making authority from Winter 2000 exam.The former engineering dean warned that if NU continued this trend, it may give a chance to vested interests to sabotage the system and bringing more disgrace to NU. \"It will also create doubts in the minds of the passouts to the credentials and certificates issued by NU,\" he said.Agrawal asked VC to take cognisance of the breach and ascertain how the same had taken place ensuring the fixation of the responsibility on the NU Exam Section officials. \"VC being a principal, academic and executive officer of the university in terms of section 14 (1) of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994, must take action by filing FIR with the Sitabuldi police station for further investigations. It not only seems to be a deliberate action but also depicts the slackness of the administration in regard to its effective supervision and meaningful superintendence,\" he said.He added that VC's action would go along way to demonstrate that he was not 'shielding the guilt' and 'patronizing the guilty' at the cost of 'fair name and credit' of the university of which he was 'statutory duty bound custodian'.After TOI's report, pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie convened a lengthy meeting with controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke and took a decision that all handwritten marksheets would be replaced with computerized ones and students had to approach the NU Exam Section with their original ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16792255", "title": "Young shutterbugs grab eyeballs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a move to motivate the budding photographers of Carmel Convent School, a two-day photography exhibition showcasing the artistic clicks of the school's reporter's club was organized on its premises.Shraddha Gulati and Niharika, young photographers who displayed their work at the \"5th Dimension\" said, \"It is a great feeling that our work is being appreciated by all\".Another photographer Aashita Singh said, \"I have been in love with the camera since I was a child and this is the first time that my work is being displayed professionally.\" Students and faculties from various schools visited the exhibition. Deepika, a teacher from Sacred Heart School, said, \"The students have clearly proven that age is no barrier when it comes to thinking out of the box\".Principal Sister Swati said, \"The exhibition gives a new dimension to the nature, human moods and famous destination all over the world. It also aims at promoting the budding photographers of the school.\"\"Work done over a year has been put on display here. Young minds have an amazing talent and showing them the right direction can produce great results,\" said Punita Singh, mentor and organizer of the club.Dilpreet Kaur, Manbani, Aashita Singhvadhera, Sirat and Parul were adjudged top five photographers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794974", "title": "Sai Dharam Tej\u2019s Rey nearing completion", "text": "After shooting extensively in New York, Las Vegas, San Francisco and Caribbean, Sai Dharam Tej's debut film Rey is currently progressing in Bangkok . The film is in the final leg of production and director YVS Chowdary shall wrap up the entire shooting by November.Rey is a musical film in which the hero based in Carribean fights it out his way up. Apparently, Sai Dharam Tej and Saiyami Kher will be seen as professional dancers and Shraddha Das will play a pop diva. The first half of the film will take place in West Indies while the second half will be shot in the US. Chakri is composing the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16791956", "title": "Central Railway advance to semis", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway joined their counterparts Western Railway in the semifinals of the MDFA RCF Nadkarni Cup Football Tournament. Giving a good account of themselves and playing with plenty of determination' Central managed to pull off a creditable 1-0 win against Harwood League champions, ONGC in a quarterfinal clash at the RCF Sports Complex ground, Chembur on Friday evening.After a barren first half, the railwaymen's left wing back Kishore Chaudhary fired home the only goal of the match early in the second session. Central Railway did well to match their I-League opponents ONGC in every department. They combined well in both attack and defence and were rewarded for their efforts.The lone goal came about when Chaudhary, overlapping on the left channel picked up a pass and unleashed a crisp drive from the edge of the area. The shot struck a defender and took a wicked deflection which sent goalkeeper Bilifang Narzary the wrong way.Central will now play the winner of Saturday's fourth quarterfinal contest between Mumbai Customs and PIFA Colaba FC in the semifinals on Tuesday, October 16.Franco SC romp to big win:Franco Sports Club swamped 7-B Star SC 4-0 in a Third Division match of the Mumbai District Football Association (MDFA) League at the St Xavier's Ground Parle on Friday. The hero of Franco's victory was Ankit Jadhav who hammered home three goals. Sheldon Santos got the fourth to complete the tally.In another match, Sunday Boys Under-19 got the better of Thakur Boys by a narrow 2-1 margin. Siddharth Shinde and Rahul Patel were on target for Sunday Boys, while Gaurav Gaikwad netted the lone goal for the losers.YMCA athletic meet:The 37th Bombay YMCA Open Annual State Level Athletic Meet will be held at the Sports Authority of India (SAI), Kandivali from November 29 to December 1. Organisers Bombay YMCA have added 23 events in this edition for a total of 124 that includes 20 categories. The deadline for entries expires at 5pm on Saturday. For details contact Jonas Kumar at 23098274.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16789079", "title": "Tourism secretary Mathew Samuel 'shunted' out?", "text": "PANAJI: The sudden removal of IAS officer Mathew Samuel as tourism secretary has raised eyebrows in administrative circles, but tourism minister Dilip Parulekar insisted the transfer was a \"regular exercise\".Samuel, an IAS officer from the AGMUT cadre, joined the Goa administration around April this year. The articulate secretary was recently involved, along with the tourism director, in formulating the tourism shack policy and has publicly espoused stricter regulation of beach activity including shacks, water sports , garbage management, etc.Samuel's sudden removal from the tourism portfolio has surprised people in the administration but whatever the real reason for his shifting, bureaucrats said it was \"not his loss\". Some officers said Samuel has a decade's experience in the tourism field and was largely responsible for building Puducherry into a tourism brand during his stint there.Samuel himself remained tightlipped about his removal as tourism secretary, only describing himself as a \"loyal member of the government\". He also said that he has a number of other departments which he can devote himself to working in earnest. Samuel now has labour and employment, catering management, ITI and craftsmen training, non-conventional energy, art and culture, archives and museums.When contacted, Parulekar said the transfer was a routine exercise. Parulekar said Samuel has the largest number of departments in Goa and that the government wanted a fulltime secretary for the tourism department. That does not explain why the charge was given to former tourism secretary RK Verma, who also holds multiple departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16789854", "title": "Commuters want India Against Corruption SMS sting back", "text": "MUMBAI: Pushed to a corner, commuters in the city are clamouring for the revival of the efficient complaint system run by India Against Corruption . A final call will be taken on Monday, said IAC volunteers.\"It will be good if we re-launch our campaign in the larger interest of commuters,\" said a volunteer. The campaign had ended this February though the SMS complaint system was an instant hit after it was launched in November last year. IAC volunteers had ensured that each of the 8,000 complaints filed by the aggrieved commuters landed up on the desk of the state transport commissioner.\"The IAC acts as a facilitator between commuters and the RTO. This gives an assurance to the commuter that his or her complaint will be looked into,\" said the volunteer.The IAC helpline was easy to access as all you needed to do was send an SMS with the details of your complaint to a dedicated mobile number in a particular format. Your complaints were saved in the IAC server database and categorized before being forwarded to the transport department in a digital format. One could also log complaints on sitibajao.com online.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789429", "title": "Top seed Jeevan, Arjun in title clash", "text": "NEW DELHI: Top seed Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan lived up expectations on Friday to set up a summit clash with in-form Arjun Khade in the men's singles of the Fenesta Open National Championship.Jeevan, who has hardly been tested in the tournament, never allowed his third-seeded opponent Siddharth Rawat to settle. Siddharth managed to hold his serves only once in the entire match and was dispatched 6-1, 6-0.\"I came into the tournament with a stomach injury. There's a lot of preparation to do. My rehabilitation begins at 6:30 in the morning. I am lucky to have matches in the morning itself,\" Jeevan told TOI after his semifinal.Meanwhile, Arjun got the better of Ramkumar Ramanathan 6-3, 6-2 in the other semifinal which saw big serving from both players. Arjun, however, was the more steady of the two.In the women's singles, top seeds Rishika Sunkara and Prerna Bhambri ensured a safe passage into the final, without hiccups.While Rishika made short work of Natasha, ending the road for the third seed with a 6-2, 6-1 victory, Bhambri outclassed young Sri V Pedireddy 6-4, 6-4.In the women's doubles final, the duo of Rishika and Prerna ran out of luck as they lost 4-6, 6-0, 6-10 to Natasha Palha and Treta Bhattacharya. The men's doubles final was an exciting match with Mohit Mayur Jayaprakash and Ramkumar Ramanathan beating Vivek Shokeen and Kaza Vinayak Sharma 5-7,7-6 (5), 10-3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16791055", "title": "Human resource crunch has hit health sector: President", "text": "LUCKNOW: President Pranab Mukherjee has called for urgent measures to address lack of human resources in the health sector.Speaking at the eighth convocation of King George's Medical University on Friday, the President said, \"Lack of human resources is as responsible for inadequate provision of health services as lack of physical infrastructure, especially in rural areas. The density of doctors in India is only 0.6 per 1,000, and that of nurses and midwives is 1.30 per 1,000, representing jointly 1.9 health workers per 1000. This points towards acute shortage of healthcare professionals.\"The President further said, \"In addition, because of a skewed distribution of cadres of health workers, the vulnerable population in rural, tribal and hilly areas continues to be under-served,\"The situation is worse in Uttar Pradesh as far as availability of human resources in the health sector is concerned. In fact, KGMU has at least 20% shortage of faculty members, 40% shortage of nurses and about 15% shortage of paramedics. The shortages pinch even more considering the huge patient burden on the institution. In 2011-12 alone, more than a million patients were examined at KGMU OPD, of whom 60,000 were admitted to the hospital and 59,000 underwent surgeries.Stressing on sizeable expansion in teaching institutions for doctors, nurses and paramedics, Mukherjee said, \"We also need to devise effective and sustainable solutions to the existing and emerging health problems faced by our vast population. This would need innovations in preventive approaches, treatments and rehabilitation. The frontiers of science and technologies must be extended for improving the health of the people especially the poor.\"Governor BL Joshi also stressed on the need of training more people to ensure quality health services in the rural areas. \"We should consider training local work force, so that simple villagers do not fall prey to quacks,\" he said. Honorius Causa recipients' Dr Prem Puri, a paediatric surgeon known for innovative technique to treat kidney reflux disease, and Dr Surendra K Varma, a Georgian and the brain behind mandatory screening of newborns for congenital hypothyroidism that can lead to mental retardation, also expressed similar views.KGMU vice-chancellor Prof DK Gupta unfolded future plans for the medical university. \"KGMU has taken initiative for starting new projects for improving research activities, educational programmes and patient. The list includes starting a centre for excellence for training nurses and midwives, starting advanced cancer diagnostic centre, add a maternal and neo-natal wing in Queen Mary's Hospital, upgradation of the trauma centre, revival of epidemiology unit among others,\" Prof Gupta said.State health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan was also among those present at the convocation. As many as 548 students were awarded degrees in various disciplines of medical and dental sciences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791645", "title": "Dussehra celebrations begin with mukut pujan", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Dussehra celebrations began on a formal note on Thursday evening here with the traditional mukut pujan here under the aegis of Pajawa and Patharchatti Ramlila committee.The puja began with the recitation of Vedic mantras by 21 Brahmins in the presence of office bearers including the president and vice president, Pathrachatti Ramlila committee, Kapil Muni Karvariya and Mukesh Pathak.The mukut (crowns) of Lord Rama and his three brothers, Laxman, Bharat and Shatrughan, were kept at Puja peeth where the puja was performed. This is an annual ritual which has been taking place in Sangam city for the past several years. People from different walks of life attend this event which is seen as a curtain raiser to Dussehra celebrations.Committee spokesperson Lallu Lal Gupta said mukut pujan dates back to past several decades and the occasion is observed for smooth conduct of Dussehra in the city.Meanwhile, the mukut puja of Pajawa Ramlila committee was performed by Acharya Digambar Tripathi amid recitation of mantras in the presence of office-bearers including Amitabh Tandon, Shyamji Agarwal and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16789639", "title": "ATS questions Feroz's partner", "text": "The state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) on Friday summoned Mohsin Shaikh, a business partner of suspected Indian Mujahideen operative Sayyed Feroz, for questioning. An officer from the ATS, Pune, confirmed that Shaikh was questioned, but refused to divulge details. Feroz has been running a tailoring shop, 'Options by Feroz', on Jaan Mohammed street in Pune Camp, in partnership with Shaikh, since the last three and a half years. \"We are only business partners. I do not know much about Feroze,\" Shaikh had said on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16791686", "title": "An extraordinary achievement: Djokovic", "text": "SHANGHAI: World no. 2 Novak Djokovic, who is in a keen contest with the world no. 1 Roger Federer for the year-end no. 1 ranking, saluted the Swiss master's record milestone of 300 career weeks as the game's numero uno. Djokovic added that the 31-year-old Swiss, who'll get to the magic number when the new ATP rankings come out on Monday, would be a tough act to follow.Djokovic, 25, said, \"It's an extraordinary achievement. There is no doubt about it. I mean, he's one of the best, if not the best ever. There is no questioning his results and achievements. At 31, he's winning Grand Slams. He's always a favorite for any tournament he plays in. We don't need to spend time discussing what a quality player he is.\"Djokovic, who'll play the semifinals of the Shanghai Rolex Masters 1000 on Saturday, said, \"I don't know if somebody will be more successful than him with the number one ranking. We will see. Tennis is a very demanding sport. It's an individual sport that requires a lot of traveling, a lot of tournaments and consistent success.\"The Serb added, \"If we want to achieve what Roger did, we're going to have to play consistently well in the next five years at least. But obviously every player has different goals, different objectives. It's difficult to speak in names of different players.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16794153", "title": "Damarukam to release on Oct 19", "text": "In a last minute change, the release date of Nagarjuna's Damarukam has been preponed to October 19. The film was earlier scheduled for October 20 release but Nag himself has announced the fresh release date at the film's triple platinum disc function held in Hyderabad on Friday.Damarukam was censored on Friday and was cleared with U/A certificate. The film is carrying a very positive response and is all set to hit the marquee on October 19. The socio-fantasy film is directed by Srinivas Reddy and produced by RR Movie Makers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16790813", "title": "Para teachers block road, dispersed after minor lathicharge", "text": "JAIPUR: Over 10,000 Vidyarthi Mitra ( para teachers) who had been camping in Jaipur for two days blocked Sahkar Marg leading to traffic jam on this busy road on Friday evening. The police had to resort to mild lathicharge in which two men are believed to have sustained minor injuries.The Vidyarthi Mitra had gathered at Sahkar Marg on Thursday also and tried to march towards the state assembly to draw the state government's attention to their demand of permanent jobs. The agitators suddenly came on the road on Friday evening following which the police had to divert the traffic after a brief jam. Police tried to disperse the gathering and resorted to mild lathicharge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16790864", "title": "Women use emoticons in SMSs more than men", "text": "WASHINGTON: Women are twice as likely as men to use emoticons in text messages to express themselves emotionally, according to a new study. Researchers from the Rice University found that while women may use emoticons more than men, the men used a larger variety of these symbols to express themselves.Emoticons are graphic symbols that use punctuation marks and letters to represent facial expressions to convey a person's mood, help provide context to a person's textual communication and clarify a message that could otherwise possibly be misconstrued.Researchers used smartphone data from men and women over six months and aggregated 124,000 text messages. The participants were given free cellphones to use for the test period but didn't know what researchers were investigating.In the study, 100% of the participants used emoticons, but they did not use them very often, with only 4% of all their sent texts with emoticons. The study was published in Computers in Human Behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16794931", "title": "Annual Ijtema at Bhopal from November 24 to 26", "text": "BHOPAL: The annual Ijtema will be held at Bhopal from November 24 to 26. Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has directed to ensure all the necessary arrangements before commencement of Ijtema.At a meeting held on Friday at the Mantralaya, Chouhan said that people coming to participate in Ijtema should not face any difficulty. Proper arrangements should be made for drinking water, light, sanitation, traffic, first aid etc. He reviewed various arrangements to be made for Ijtema. Chouhan said that he will also visit guests who will come to participate in Ijtema.It was informed at the meeting that various departments will coordinate in ensuring all the facilities for Ijtema. Over 20 lakh litres of water will be made available daily during the period of Ijtema. The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) will place 100 drinking water tanks and the managing committee 50 tanks. Police control room will be set up at Eintkheri. Camps of Unani, Ayurvedic and Allopathic medicines will be held. A welcome counter will be set up at railway station. Additional coaches will be attached to major trains. Arrangements of additional buses will be made from railway station up to the Ijtema venue for which special permits will be issued.At the meeting, committee members Iqbal Hafeez, Mohammad Mian, Atiq Mian, Agha Abdul Qayyum, Hafiz Saheb, principal secretary public works K K Singh, commissioner urban administration and development Sanjay Shukla, additional DGP Vijay Yadav, collector Nikunj Shrivastava and secretary to chief minister S K Mishra were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16789656", "title": "Test Rahul Gandhi, Robert Vadra for drugs: Akalis", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the full-scale political war that broke out after Rahul Gandhi's comments on the menace of drug addiction among Punjab's young men, the Akalis have now asked Rahul to \"undergo a dope test.\"\"Rahul Gandhi and Robert Vadra should undergo a dope test to prove that they are not addicts before making such comments about Punjab's youth. Rahul Gandhi must apologise to the youth for this humiliation,\" said senior SAD leader Prem Singh Chandumajra.On Friday, Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal also reacted, saying that Rahul's statement on seven out of 10 young people in Punjab being addicts was \"illogical, erroneous, politically-motivated and above all a deliberate conspiracy to tarnish the image of our youth and an onslaught on their dignity.\"Congress legislators led by the leader of the Opposition in the assembly, Sunil Jakhar, circulated copies of the affidavit filed by the secretary, social security and women and child welfare, Punjab, with the Punjab and Haryana High Court, stating the facts about drug addiction in Punjab.\"The SAD-BJP government in Punjab is a national shame because it knows nothing of what is happening in the state and cannot protect its future. The government must resign for this,\" said Sunil Jakhar.Badal Senior, however, accused Gandhi for being misinformed on this count, adding that Gandhi should have \"cross-checked the factual position from the Centre before issuing such provocative and half-baked statements.\"Sukhbir Badal hit out at Rahul Gandhi for \"insulting the 52% youth population of Punjab, painting virtually every single youngster with a black taint. Western borders are so porous that drug recoveries by Punjab police during the last five years were more than 50% of national recovery,\" said Sukhbir.He was supported by Punjab revenue minister Bikarm Singh Majithia, who saw a \"sinister and devious political game-plan\" behind Rahul's \"deliberate misuse of distorted figures from a reported survey to dub the Punjabi youngsters as drug addicts.\"The Congress, however, tore into SAD's defence. Congress MP from Anandpur Sahib Ravneet Singh Bittu, who had launched a month-long campaign against drugs in Punjab, said\" \"There are more medical stores in the state handing out medicines abused by youngsters than there are liquor vends. There are more unlicensed vends than licensed vends in the state. Government is misleading people into thinking all is well because drug addiction is such a taboo.\"\"A Punjab-origin British national is arrested. Raja Khandola, a drug lord active in the US, arrested. If you join the dots, it is a dangerous mix in Punjab. Unemployed youngsters, hooked on to drugs and a sinister neighbour, Pakistan , ever ready to create unrest,\" said Jakhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "gorakhpur (up)", "code": "16794090", "title": "Four more succumb to encephalitis in eastern Uttar Pradesh, toll 421", "text": "GORAKHPUR (UP): Four more children succumbed to encephalitis here, taking the death toll in the viral disease in eastern Uttar Pradesh to 421 this year.The deceased hailed from Kushinagar, Mahrajganj and Sant Kabir Nagar districts, officials said on Saturday.As many as 41 patients suffering from Acute Encephalitis Syndrome have been admitted to BRD Medical College Hospital here and other government hospitals of Gorakhpur and Basti divisions in the last two day.Additional director (health) A K Pandey said 235 people suffering from encephalitis are being treated in government hospitals of Gorakhpur and Basti divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16791404", "title": "Shehla was alive, witness tells court", "text": "INDORE: Slain RTI activist Shehla Masood was alive when the first person from her family reached the crime scene. However, she was not taken to hospital since the family feared it to be a police case and waited for the arrival of police. The first crime scene was tampered with before the arrival of police. This submission was made before the special CBI court during cross-examination of a witness here on Friday.Sehla's cousin, Sayeed Rahil Hussain, who appeared as a witness in the court during the cross-examination by defence counsel Sunil Shrivastav, said that he got a call from Rubab Zaidi (Shehla's aunt) to rush home immediately. He was the first person to reach the crime scene.\"Rahil said that Shehla was alive when he reached the crime scene but he could not take her to the hospital as he was stopped by someone who said it was a police case,\" said Shrivastav adding that Rahil had refused to reveal the name of person who stopped him from taking Shehla to hospital.Rahil further said that when he reached the scene all doors of the car except the front door on the co-passenger side was locked. He said that he did not see any bullet and there was no sign of struggle inside the car. He also said that there was no blood stain on windscreen, window and anywhere in the car except at the handle bar of driver's gate. He also mentioned that Shelha was not bleeding and there was no blood stain on the clothes of Shehla.Shrivastav quoted Rahil saying that he did not saw any bike or anything untoward at the crime site. In an important admission Rahil also said that he did not hear any firing sound or crying. \"Rahil admitted that he shifted the body of Shehla from driver's seat to the adjacent seat and he managed it without getting blood stain on his cloths,\" said Shrivastav adding that interestingly the road on which Shehla was killed becomes active early in the morning but no one saw anyone coming out or leaving the house. No one heard the gun shot or crying.Rahil also said that Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA Dhruv Narayan Singh was a frequent visitor to Shehla's house and Shehla had accompanied BJP leader Tarun Vijay to Switzerland. However, he denied having knowledge of any information she had got through RTI against the state government.Next hearing of the case is scheduled on October 30 when two witness including forensic expert and one who had done post-mortem of Shehla and photographer of police who had taken photographs of the crime scene will be cross examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16791992", "title": "Homemakers go to classes to get A\u2019s and B\u2019s right", "text": "CHENNAI: Every day, N Ramya boards a train from Chengalpet so that she can attend an English class in Gopalapuram. The 27-year-old homemaker is determined to master the language so that she can interact more confidently with people.\"I studied in a Tamil medium school till Class VII, so I don't speak good English,\" she says, haltingly. \"I feel very shy to talk to others. so I decided to join a class and brush up my skills.\"Like Sridevi in the latest Hindi movie 'English Vinglish', a number of homemakers in Chennai are going for English classes to actively participate in parent-teacher meetings, fit in better socially and boost their confidence.\"Many of them come to us as they want to interact with other people in their social circle,\" says R K Menon, chairman, Advanced Learning Institute (Asia), which has been offering 'Maitri', an English language learning programme for homemakers for the past seven years. \"Since some of them have husbands with transferable jobs, they feel they can manage anywhere if they are able to communicate in English.\"Big institutes like Veta, which has 13 centres in the city to teach spoken English, also gets homemakers. \"We had specific classes for homemakers but now they attend the regular classes,\" says Ganesh Ramachandran, national manager (training). \"We usually get women aged 25-35, who want to stay connected with their relatives abroad as well as their children.\"Many young homemakers sign up for courses to teach their children well. \"I want to communicate better with my child,\" says Kalpana Karthik, who has a four-year-old. While her mother-in-law and husband are well- educated and speak good English, Kalpana is still pursuing her BSc. \"My father did not allow me to study further but my in-laws are very supportive,\" she says.For her, learning the language will help boost her confidence. \"When we go to restaurants or stay in five-star hotels, it is difficult for me to face people,\" says Kalpana. \"Even at parent-teacher meetings, I am unable to communicate well with teachers though I understand everything they say.\"Seeing the demand, many schoolteachers and homemakers are offering English tuitions. S Lalitha, who worked as a telephone operator, began teaching women in her neighbourhood after she quit her job.\"I also take classes online,\" she says Lalitha. Institutes usually assess students before they join the course. They teach participants how to apply the language in day-to-day situations as well as 'social English' that develops interactive skills.The fees vary, depending on the student's competence levels and the duration of the course. While Lalitha charges 600 for a basic module, some institutes charge about 17,000 for a 14-week course. It's not just youngsters who are queuing up. \"We get elderly people who are planning to travel abroad to visit their grandchildren,\" says former English teacher Chandra Shankar, who teaches the 'Maitri' course. Then there are older people who want to be in tune with the times. Seethalakshmi Ramamoorthy, 71, decided to learn English four months ago after coming across an ad in the newspaper. \"I am entering the classroom after decades,\" she says. \"I live in a joint family and when visitors come everyone talks in English and has a good time. And I want to be a part of it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790633", "title": "HC stays penalty on Parthasarathi for a week", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice K G Shankar of the AP high court on Friday stayed for one week the penalty of Rs 3 lakh imposed by the authorities of Enforcement Directorate (ED) on excise minister K Parthasarathi and his firm KPR TeleProducts. The judge was responding to a petition filed both by the minister and the firm who were recently convicted by a trial court in the same case. However, the high court stay is only on the penalty imposed by the authorities.The minister's firm tried to import some machinery in 1998 from a Swiss firm and could not complete the deal due to its banker, Andhra Bank's sudden decision to withdraw from the deal midway. Earlier, the ED's appellate tribunal too had upheld the penalty. Aggrieved, the minister filed an appeal in the HC now rather belatedly.The minister in his petition stated that the ED authorities had falsely invoked the provisions of Fera against him and his firm despite knowing fully well that it was KPR TeleProducts which was let down by Andhra Bank which backed out in the midway in financing the deal.We are the losers (here) and should be seen that way and not as offenders or violators, the minister said in his petition. The judge gave a week's time to the ED to file its counter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16789717", "title": "House tax: SC pulls up top state govt official", "text": "GURGAON: In a fresh hearing in the Supreme Court on Friday regarding collection of house tax from the residents living in private builder areas, the apex court pulled up the principal secretary, state law department, for not filing a response within the specified timeframe.According to the petitioner, the Gurgaon Citizens Council, the Supreme Court took objection to the delay being caused by the various government agencies. \"The court asked the principal secretary why his department was not taking the matter seriously. He then told the court that he will try to expedite the process. While HUDA had filed its reply around fifteen days ago, the department of town and planning filed its reply today, whereas it was supposed to file it around six months ago. We will file a counter affidavit in the next two weeks, after which the Supreme Court will give a fresh date in the case,\" said RS Rathee of the Gurgaon Citizens Council.In its reply, HUDA has informed the court that it has collected around Rs 5,702 crore as External Development Charge from residents, out of which it has said that it has spent around Rs 4,022 crore on various development work. However this figure is only till December 2010.Several residents living private builder areas have refused to pay property tax to the MCG, saying the civic body is not providing any civic amenities to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16790144", "title": "Students' body to stage agitation", "text": "AMRAVATI: Students' organizations, under the banner of Vidyarthi Kalyan Manch, will stage an agitation on October 29 against the faulty decisions taken by Amravati university vice-chancellor and pro-VC and the alleged involvement of the registrar in corruption cases.Addressing a press conference on Friday, Dinesh Suryavanshi said the students' organizations of ABVP, NSUI, MNS and RPI have joined hands against the alleged faulty decisions taken by VC Mohan Khedkar. Suryavanshi said they will get the signatures of 25,000 students, lecturers and parents on a representation highlighting grievances and send it to the governor. Students have to face many problems due to glitches in examination department. Registrar of university Dinesh Joshi is under scanner after corruption charges were levelled against him, but the VC did not act, Suryavanshi said.To make students, lecturers and parents aware about the faulty policies of the VC, representatives of students' wings of political parties will visit the campus and hold meetings. Students will stage an agitation at the campus to highlight demands like bringing changes in the examination and welfare departments, appointment of an inquiry committee by the VC into corruption charges against the registrar and cancellation of illegal agreement signed with Centre for Rural Research Community Development, a Nagpur-based NGO, said Suryavanshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16789274", "title": "Four illegal properties sealed in Delhi Cantt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Acting tough against illegal construction, defence authorities sealed four premises in Delhi Cantonment area. Delhi Cantonment Board and Delhi circle defense estate officer jointly took the action. CEO and DEO had issued about 40 notices to the offenders. \"The notices were issued for sealing of 3 properties at Sadar Bazar under the DCB management and DEO, while Delhi circle issued one notice for sealing of a construction at Chanan Singh Park,\" a statement reads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16790389", "title": "Kawal tiger park likely to receive expert help", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) might soon mark its entry into Andhra Pradesh with a project at the recently declared tiger reserve at Kawal. Speaking on the sidelines of an event organised by the group in collaboration with the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW) at Hitex, the venue for the ongoing international biodiversity meet, NVK Ashraf, WTI's chief of conservation, said: \"We are in talks with the authorities concerned regarding this. Nothing has been formalized just yet\". In case the trust does take up the project, it would focus on increasing the tiger population in the reserve along with an enhancement of the habitat. \"But before that we will have to do a thorough study of the area,\" Ashraf added.Dwelling on the need to not just protect but also rescue and rehabilitate wild animals, the panelists at the discussion talked about the need for these 'operations' to be brought into the fold of the country's national biodiversity action plan.\"Welfare of animals is the bedrock of conservation,\" said MK Ranjitsinh, chairman of the trust which has played a pivotal role in rescuing animals from the recent floods at Assam's Kaziranga National Park. Approximately 100 animals including hog deer, rhinos, swamp deer and sambars were saved by the organisation in partnership with IFAW.In the context of the ongoing biodiversity conference, the panelists said that the much talked about 'Aichi' targets (on protection of biodiversity) needed to focus on the wild as well. \"Several of these targets need to include animal welfare to achieve conservation goals,\" stressed Peter Pueschel, programme director, (IFAW).And the reason for this, experts said, was the ever expanding size of the 'Red List' (which keeps a record of all critically-endangered species) that now includes vultures, the Bengal Florican (a bird species) and the white-bellied heron among many others. \"This is just the list of endangered animals in the north-eastern part of India. There would be so many more in the rest of the country,\" rued PC Bhattacharjee, executive trustee of WTI and a former professor at Guwahati University.Citing an example from this part of India, executive director of the trust, Vivek Menon, said that the Manas model should be adopted in other areas as well. This wildlife sanctuary, which was completely wiped out following an insurgency in the 1980s, was gradually restored by this group over time. It now has a healthy population of wild animals. \"And, only one-and-a-half years back, the area was taken off Unesco's list of 'endangered heritage sites',\" Menon said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16791739", "title": "Help desk for foreign visitors at Mahakumbh", "text": "ALLAHABAD: For the convenience of foreign pilgrims coming to the Mahakumbh, district administration will set up a Help Desk. More than 60,000 foreign tourists are expected to arrive at Mahakumbh which in January next year.District magistrate Raj Shekhar said Help Desk will be set up at district headquarters, Mahakumbh area and police control room. The administration is also mulling to set up the Help Desk at Lucknow and Varanasi airports to offer all sorts of assistance to foreign visitors during Mahakumbh.He added that the authorities will have the entire details every foreign visitors staying in city hostels or in Sangam area and help numbers will be issued in this regard.These help numbers will be written on hotels, taxis and autos and officials will also take feedback from the foreign visitors regarding facilities.The Mela authorities will depute trained guides for the help of foreigners and in this regard training is imparted to the guides on body language and communication skills. They are also being taught about the tourism industry and guiding skills.Most importantly, they are being briefed about Allahabad as well as places of interest, culture, craft, and tradition in the city apart from the Kumbh and Sangam traditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16791390", "title": "Poet Kumar Vishwas condemns Arvind Kejriwal\u2019s detention", "text": "KANPUR: Hindi poet and member of India Against Corruption (IAC) Kumar Vishwas has said he would stage a sit-in at Bawana Jail on Saturday to protest against the detention of Arvind Kejriwal, Manish Sisodiya and Gopal Rai.\"Had I been in Delhi, I too would have participated in today's protest. I am missing the action,\" said Vishwas while talking to TOI on Friday. He was in the city to take part in a kavi sammelan held at IIT Kanpur as part of the premier institute's annual cultural festival 'Antaragni'. Arvind Kejriwal and his colleagues were arrested on Friday when they gathered near Rajpath for a march towards the Prime Minister's residence at 7, Race Course Road. The activists were demanding arrest of Law Minister Salman Khurshid and his wife for alleged irregularities in the use of government funds received by Zakir Husain Trust.Condemning the Delhi police for cane-charging on the protestors, which included handicapped people, Vishwas said the police must have done so on instructions of the ruling party. \"Each handicap person was manhandled by at least five cops. It seems the government has lost its etiquettes,\" he said. \"The UPA government wants to crush the outrage against Khurshid and his wife, but the aandolan will continue till the minister is arrested. We will not give up and continue to support the handicapped people in their cause,\" said Vishwas who also met IAC members in the city during his visit.Reacting to the statement made by Congress leader and son of Delhi Chief Minister Sheela Dixit, Sandeep Dixit, wherein he said the Prime Minister does not have sufficient time to meet IAC members, Vishwas said the present government wont be so busy after 2014 polls as it would be voted out of power. If the PM could not meet the agitators due to his busy schedule, he could have at least sent someone else to represent him, the poet said.Vishwas said there was clear evidence that no camps were held in 10 out of the 17 districts where Zakir Hussain Trust was supposed to have conducted charity camps for disabled persons.The signatures of district officials were forged to show that the camps were held, he said. In some cases, state and district officials have denied the existence of people to whom signatures were attributed or the designations that were assigned to them. He also added that a camp was said to be organised in Bulandsaher Primary Health Centre for the disabled but there is no existence of any such PHC in Bulandshaher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16790437", "title": "Even air over Vellalore dump yard is polluted", "text": "COIMBATORE: In a shocking revelation, the level of Suspended Particulate Matter (SPM) detected in one of the air samples collected and tested from the vicinity of Vellalore dump yard has revealed to be as high as 2572 microgram against the permissible level of 200 micrograms in one of the five ambient air quality measurement stations installed on the premises of the dump yard on Sunday, a day after the outbreak of fire at the sanitary land fill.The level of Respirable Suspended Particulate Matter (RSPM) was also found to be 130 micrograms which is in excess of the permissible norm of 100 micrograms. The combination of these components in the air is considered to be extremely hazardous to the local residents and could cause a battery of pulmonary and cardiac ailments.\"It is not advisable to inhale air with such high concentration of particulate matter in it as it will lead to various lung defects and other ailments. We have already sent our report and recommendations to Central Pollution Control Board,\" said a senior district pollution control board official.The Pollution Control Board had erected five ambient air quality sampling devices on the top of five residences near Vellalore dump yard in Mahalingapuram, Muthaliyar Street, Chettipalayam Road and Sri Ramnagar to collect air samples for testing the level of pollutants. Out of these, the samples collected from Muthaliyar Street at a distance of 10 metres from the dump yard recorded the highest levels of SPM and RSPM which were way in excess of the permissible limits. The SPM level was higher than 200 micrograms in one of the locations in Mahalingapuram where 218 micrograms was recorded.An air quality study conducted by the government of Delhi and Delhi Pollution Control Committee had specifically listed RSPMs less than 10 micrometres in diameter as a major health hazard. The SPM content in air is the combination of suspended particulate matter including dust and soot content. The main reason is that it could be easily inhaled and get accumulated in the air sacs in lungs and lead to numerous pulmonary complications.The pollution control board officials claimed that whether the samples had carcinogen present in it could be revealed only after detailed analysis. High SPM levels can also cause respiratory complications as per the report.\"The air sample test has once again reiterated that the frequent fire at the dump yard is a major threat to the health of the local residents,\" said KS Mohan, secretary, Kurichi Vellalore Pollution Prevention Committee.The level of sulphur dioxide and nitrous oxide were found to be within the permissible level of 80 micrograms. The highest level of sulphur dioxide was recorded from Chettipalayam Road while Muthaliyar Street had the highest level of nitrous oxide at 70.3 micrograms.A massive fire broke out in the 24 acre sanitary landfill of Vellalore dump yard on last Saturday afternoon and raged on for more than two days. The local residents in Vellalore and nearby areas were forced to inhale the smoke emitted from the yard and had resulted in massive protests in the locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16789359", "title": "Boat owners assoc demands legal kerosene for business", "text": "CALANGUTE: Setting up of a ticket-booth and securing legal kerosene from the state government were two of the more prominent issues which were discussed at the annual general body meeting of the Sinquerim-Candolim Boat Owners Association (Sinquerim jetty) held in Candolim on Friday morning.One of the main problems raised by members was the problem of acquiring kerosene for operating boats. With there being no provision for supply of kerosene to the boats, owners are forced to acquire from the black market. The association has written to chief minister Manohar Parrikar and others to provide a kerosene quota for the boat owners so that kerosene can be acquired legally, said Dominic Fernandes, president of the association.Apart from this, a number of other issues were also discussed to regulate the functioning of the dolphin boat trips from Sinquerim jetty. \"We're ready with the Q-system, booking system, fixed price for tickets, everything,\" Seby D'Souza, the spokesman for the association, said. A booth operated by the association will be set up at the jetty to ensure proper implementation of the Q-system, he said, adding that the state government is planning to replicate their model across Goa.The long-pending issue of expanding the Sinquerim jetty was also discussed because of the increase in the number of boats as also tourists. The association has requested fisheries minister Avertano Furtado to permit them to make temporary arrangements at the jetty for more boats to berth, pending a long-term solution.A number of disciplinary measures were also discussed to rein in errant boat operators. The association has also asked the state government to permit them to take their boats up to two nautical miles into the sea.Friday's was the first meeting after the association was registered as a co-operative society on June 14, the first boat owners association to do so in Goa. A large number of boat owners were present. There are 106 boats registered with the association.With the association now registered as a co-operative society, members expressed confidence that the finances will be more transparent.At the start of the meeting, a few rival boat owners were involved in a verbal clash. But policemen present at the spot immediately calmed down frayed tempers. The meeting then began with a prayer service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16790241", "title": "Agitation for arrest of jeweller's assailants", "text": "NAGPUR: Different social organizations, rights activists and members of different political parties joined hands to participate in a candle march to protest the murder of jeweller Vijay Thaokar last week. His assailants are yet to be arrested.While the citizens were engaged in the protest in Ganeshpeth, there was an incident of bag lifting to the tune of more than Rs1 lakh in the vicinity.A protest candle march, comprising veteran social worker and journalist Umesh Choubey among others, started from Cotton Market Chowk and terminated at Chitnis park in Mahal. The protesters raised slogans against the police department and demanded the immediate arrest of Thaokar's assailants who had shot the trader dead under broad daylight in front of his shop.Though the protest was labelled as an all-party affair, the crowd comprised largely of Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) members. Thaokar's elder brother Raman is a senior member of NCP.Hudkeshwar police and crime branch has so far remained unsuccessful in nabbing the assailants. Police have been calling the incident as a 'failed robbery bid gone wrong'. Police teams had left for different places in the last few days to nab the assailants but there has been no progress yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16795005", "title": "Amend rules for smooth functioning of Parliament: President Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "LUCKNOW: President Pranab Mukherjee has suggested that member of Parliament (MPs) should explore possibilities of amending rules to ensure that both houses are able to transact routine business in case of logjam when proceedings are paralysed for a long period for one reason or another.The President has also said that department related committees of the Parliament should undertake post approval scrutiny of budgetary allocations, made to the various ministries. Mukherjee arrived in Lucknow on two-day visit on Friday. He addressed the convocation of King George's Medical University and on Friday evening and took part in a function of a organization on Saturday morning. His suggestions to amend rules for smooth functioning of Parliament assumes importance in the light of previous session which was washed out due to BJP's protest over Coalgate.However, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav said that he was impressed by the way the President used to work as member of the parliament and minister. He said that he learnt at lot from Mukherjee. Yadav said that the suggestions given by the President are valuable not only for smooth functioning of the Parliament but also for running government in the state. He said that he will try to follow the suggestions.Mukherjee said that it is extremely difficult to carry out the daily transaction of the two houses in the Parliament when certain members are agitated on some issue. However, he said that he believed that the collective thinking of political establishment would be able to explore the possibility of amending rules. He said that if it appears that rules do not reflect the situation which is prevailing currently, then they could be amended. He said that rules have been framed by MPs and they can amended to provide an opportunity for orderly disposal of business.The President said that development should be inclusive and all parties and organisations should work together to remove hurdles, whether legal or administrative, in the way so that people, particularly can be served in a better way. poor can get benefit. He said that India is a vibrant democracy where over 70 crore people vote every five years to elect 543 members of Lok Sabha . But, instead of being complacent by the fact, we should work together to find out shortcomings and remove them. He said that democracy and development are complementary to each other.Mukherjee also said that Parliament should devote more time to discussing legislations especially those related to finance. Quoting a suggestion made by former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee , Mukherjee said that besides scrutinising budgetary proposals of various ministries before they are sent to house, the parliamentary panels should also go through proposals after they get parliamentary nod.UP governor BL Joshi and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav also spoke on the occasions. Prominent among others present on the occasion included union minister Jairam Ramesh , leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha and senior BJP leader Arun Jaitley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-13"}
