{"city": "patna", "code": "16908405", "title": "CM Nitish Kumar takes a dig at Press Council of India chairman Markandey Katju", "text": "PATNA: Without naming Press Council of India chairman Markandey Katju, chief minister Nitish Kumar on Saturday said some people were moving in the state like Kalanemi (a character in Ramayana) to turn a vibrant atmosphere of the state into gloom. Katju had criticised Nitish on Friday.\"Bihar is witnessing rapid growth after change of environment conducive to progress... but some people are moving around the state like Ramayana's character Kalanemi to turn an environment of enthusiasm prevailing in the state into gloom,\" Kumar said. \"They appear all of a sudden and return after giving sermons,\" he added.Kumar said Kalanemi had tried to confuse Lord Hanuman while he was on way to bring 'sanjeevani' to save the life of Lord Ram's brother Lakshman.When a mediaperson sought a pointed reaction from him on Katju's comment, the CM said, \"He is a big personality. What can I say about him.\"Katju on Friday claimed that chief minister had lost the people's goodwill as indicated by public protests against him during his recent 'Adhikar Yatra' and said Nitish was \"scared\" of facing the people.\"The CM was shown black flags by the people amid massive public protests during his 'Adhikar Yatra' which proves that he has failed to fulfil the promises of development,\" the PCI chief had told at a function in Patna recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16912171", "title": "Teenager killed by big cat", "text": "BAHRAICH: A teenager was killed by a big cat in a village in Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary, divisional forest officer wildlife RK Singh said here today, unable to confirm whether it was a tiger, leopard or other. Arvind (14) was attacked by the big cat in Triloki Ghauri village in Nishanghara range in Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary while he was working in the field last evening, said Singh.The DFO said it was yet to be ascertained whether the big cat was a tiger or a leopard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16914461", "title": "SSL strike ends", "text": "VARANASI: The functioning of Sir Sundar Lal (SSL) hospital, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) normalised after resident doctors called off their two-day strike on Saturday midnight. According to Sarvindar Singh Chawla, president, resident doctors association, all the resident doctors joined in their duties immediately after the strike was over. According to Chawla, doctors have agreed to call off their strike on the condition of a meeting with vice-chancellor, Dr Lalji Singh on October 23.\"Apart from that administration has also agreed to increase the security arrangements for us. Proctorial board members will be sitting in front of every medical hostels and guards in the out patient department (OPD) who earlier were relieved after 12 in afternoon will now have to stay on duty till the schedule time of the OPD,\" informed Chawla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16913183", "title": "Rising protein demand in rural areas fuelling inflation'", "text": "COIMBATORE: Rising incomes in rural areas is leading to greater spends on protein products such as milk, eggs and meat fuelling food inflation. The overall spending by Indians on protein foods doubled between 2004-05 and 2009-10 to Rs. 2 lakh crore.Two-thirds of this spending came from rural households. While more rural Indians are getting protein in their diets, supply shortages are driving up prices impacting the overall food inflation, according to Crisil Research.Driven by rising incomes and population growth, nearly 17 million more rural households bought milk and milk products in 2009-10 compared to 2004-05. This has taken the proportion of rural households purchasing milk and milk products to 80% in 2009-10, almost 5% higher than 2004-05, Crisil estimated.Similarly, the proportion of rural households purchasing egg, fish and meat increased to 62% from 58% over the same period. However, rural per capita consumption of milk, eggs and proteins continues to remain lower than its urban counterparts, reflecting a potential for significant further growth in rural demand for proteins.Rural per capita (annual) consumption of milk in 2009-10 was 49.4 litres compared to 64.3 litres in urban areas. The same holds true for meat and eggs where per capita rural consumption stood at 5.7 kg and 20.8 eggs in 2009-10 against per capita urban consumption of 6.7 kg and 32.1 eggs.Even if the share of rural households purchasing milk remains at the 2009-10 levels, another 17 million more rural households would purchase milk and milk products by 2014-15. Thus, unless the supply of milk, meat and eggs for direct consumption is increased to meet thegrowing demand, protein-food inflation is likely to remain high.\"If high protein inflation persists, it could eventually adversely impact protein-food affordability, particularly in rural areas. Given the high nutritional value of proteins, this could be detrimental to the welfare of the rural population,\" said Mukesh Agarwal, president, Crisil Research.Crisil estimates that in 2009-10, around 11%-16%, 15%-21% and 18%-25% of the demand for direct consumption of milk, eggs, and meat respectively was unmet due to the shortfall in supply. \"The supply shortfall has led to prices of protein-food contributing nearly 50% to overall food inflation in India,\" Crisil said. Unless this shortfall is addressed, protein affordability in rural areas could be adversely impacted even if wages undergo a correction from their current high-growth trajectory.Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ashok vemuri, 43, head of the vital us market for infosys , says there are \"desperate\" price games being played by competitors in a highly competitive outsourcing market and, if need be, infosys too can play the game. but as a strategy, price under-cutting is a fool's game, says vemuri, a potential contender for the job of ceo when sd shibulal retires in 2014. the global recession has been a wakeup call for the company and there is a greater realisation internally about the need to use the bank balance to acquire companies, instead of trying to make everything in-house , he told lison joseph and harsimran julka in an interview. here are edited excerpts", "code": "16914651", "title": "Infosys too can play the price game: Ashok Vemuri", "text": "Ashok Vemuri, 43, head of the vital US market for Infosys , says there are \"desperate\" price games being played by competitors in a highly competitive outsourcing market and, if need be, Infosys too can play the game. But as a strategy, price under-cutting is a fool's game, says Vemuri, a potential contender for the job of CEO when SD Shibulal retires in 2014. The global recession has been a wakeup call for the company and there is a greater realisation internally about the need to use the bank balance to acquire companies, instead of trying to make everything in-house , he told Lison Joseph and Harsimran Julka in an interview. Here are edited excerpts:There is a growing perception that Infosys is now more flexible and willing to play the price game to get growth? We are maintaining a pricing premium. As your relationships improve and you move up the value chain , your price realisations will also improve. Cutting Prices a Tricky Game, says VemuriReducing pricing is a tricky game because you can never recover it. We have some very experienced Indian competitors who are better at that game than we are. But it is a fool's game to get into. That doesn't mean that we can't do it. It's a competitive world. If there is a large deal and somebody else is under-cutting , we are not going to just sit around and watch. Our sales guys also have huge egos and they do what they need to, to win the deal. But it is a really fragmented market and even the largest player only has a 5% share. So, you can really move to a different sector, different technology or different geography and continue to command that higher premium .Can you give us a flavour of Infosys' deal pipeline from the US? Will all of them translate into revenues? We have a large number of deals in the pipeline but I don't think we want to convert all of them. Some of these are end-toend deals, which are more time-consuming and complex, so I don't want to be doing 20 of those at the same time as they would consume huge amount of bandwidth . But there are infrastructure and data centre consolidation deals, business transformation deals as well as products and platform-based solutions across financial services, manufacturing, and retail verticals.A large number of multi-billion-dollar deals are coming up for renewal. So, there must be a higher level of 'desperation' to win those deals? You do see some desperate behaviour once in a while. Some of our competitors are perpetually behaving in a desperate fashion. But it is not just Indian companies which are undercutting, MNCs are also good at it. Indian companies are just more experienced at it. But once we move into transformational deals, products and solutions , there are not too many Indian competitors. That is where we go up against an IBM or Accenture.Most deals won in the second quarter are infrastructure related. Is that a sign of Infosys' renewed aggression in the commoditised business? Actually, some of these infrastructure deals are not just that. For instance, the Harley Davidson deal requires a lot of front-end consulting and system integration . There are elements of cloud, mobility, big data and analytics that go into these deals. So, bulk of what we do may seem like infrastructure, but it touches upon business in many ways over the next five years. So, in that sense, we are doing less of IT infrastructure and more of business process re-engineering .Are US visa rejections hurting? It's a much more stringent visa regime, no doubt about that. But we are not unduly concerned about that. But as a business, you cannot continue to have a variable out there that is out of your control. You have to hire more people locally, you have to re-badge client employees. It is not going to work otherwise. We have about 17,000 people in the US now and about a quarter of these are local hires. We plan to hire about 2,000 people, this year.What is the biggest challenge that you face in your role? Americas is the largest part of our business . So, the challenges that I face are largely the challenges that the company faces. We have a new strategy in place called Infosys 3.0 that is in execution phase now. It is not easy because we are doing it at a time when the world economy is in a downward spiral, but we cannot lose focus. We also have to ensure that our employee base is also up to the task in terms of being able to move up the value chain, for which they have to be compensated , which we have taken care of this quarter. And they have to be adequately trained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16912013", "title": "Remove encroachments on gram sabha land: DM", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Adopting a tough stand against illegal occupation of gram sabha land, the district magistrate (DM) has asked all sub-divisional magistrates (SDM) to remove all encroachments on gram sabha land be it ponds, cattle pond, fodder pits and graveyards. Besides, a record of details of complaints and resultant action should be maintained on the computer.Stressing on initiating a special drive to free gram sabha land from illegal occupation DM Rajshekhar while presiding over a review meeting of officials on Saturday said that adequate publicity should be given to the above drive at local level. The officials concerned should send the compliance report by October 22 this year against complaints received by the office.He also instructed the officials to dispose off complaints within the given timeframe and said that a copy of the same should also be sent to the complainant.Warning the officials of strict action if incidents of illegal mining are reported within their respective jurisdiction, the DM said that adverse remarks would be entered on the confidential reports of the said official/officials. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16909397", "title": "'Janaranjini' to discover peace in music", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a unique initiative to harness the power of music for conflict resolution and to usher in social harmony, the district administration has launched 'Janaranjini'- a collective of musicians and music lovers in the city with the motto 'harmony through music'.The new entity, chaired by district collector K V Mohankumar, hopes to achieve lasting peace at all the troubled hotspots of the district through music.\"We intend to use music as a unifying social force and will hold special musical programmes in areas like Nadapuram which has a history of violence,\" district collector said.Music legend V Dakshinamoorthy will launch 'Janaranjini' at the Tagore Centenary Hall at 4.30pm on Wednesday.Hindustani classical vocalist Sagarika Pradhan will lead the musical evening, 'Shyama Malhar', to be held as part of the launch programme. Minister for panchayats M K Muneer, M K Raghavan, MP, MLA's A Pradeep Kumar and Abdusamad Samadani will attend the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16908778", "title": "3 held for posing as insurance agents, duping people of Rs 5 lakh", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three youths were arrested on Sunday for cheating at least 500 persons in the city by posing as agents of a private insurance firm and collecting more than Rs 5 lakh. They also issued fake insurance certificates to the public. The city police have seized a fake seal and insurance certificates from the trio.The youths were identified as C Krishnan alias Velkumar (25) of Athipalayam Pirivu near Ganapathy, G Kannan alias Karthick (25) of Edayar street and K Vignesh (22) of Gandhi Colony near Arumuga Goundenur. Police said the trio had worked as insurance agents at HDFC ERGO Insurance Corporation Limited in Race course for two years. They became close friends , quitting their job last year.Krishnan has completed his diploma in computer animation and was an expert in operating a computer. The three hatched a plan to issue fake motor vehicle insurance certificates to the public. They had printed business cards in the name of HDFC ERGO Motor insurance consultants and issued them to residents. They tried to sell insurance for motor cycles and four wheelers.They designed fake insurance documents which resembled the originals based on their work experience. They made colour prints and stamped them using their old firm's stamp.J Sebastian (45), from Ram Nagar, a dealer in second hand cars and motorcycles, recently bought a car and showed the insurance documents to his relative, an employee of HDFC ERGO insurance, who told him it was a fake document. He advised him to approach the police.Sebastian approached the Kattoor police on Saturday who arrested the culprits after conducting a detailed inquiry. The trio confessed to the crime and told the police that they had cheated at least 500 persons of Rs 5 lakh. Police have seized the business cards, a fake rubber stamp and fake insurance documents from the trio.They were booked under section 420 (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating) and 471 (using as genuine a forged document) of Indian Penal Code. They have been lodged in Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "16909281", "title": "Munderikadavu awaits bird sanctuary status", "text": "KANNUR: It is yet another season of migratory birds in the state. But the proposed bird sanctuary in Munderikadavu, a wetland area in the district with rich biodiversity, is yet to become a reality.\"Though finance minister K M Mani had announced in last year's budget that the place would be developed into a bird sanctuary, nothing has been done so far in this regard,\" said Babu P P Karakkat, a local bird enthusiast and convener of the Munderi Bird Sanctuary Protection Group.\"The place is home to nearly 200 species of birds, including 60 varieties of migratory birds -- a number higher than that of the Thattekad bird sanctuary. Authorities seem to be ignoring this area despite initiatives from the part of local panchayat,\" he said.The 7.5 square kilometre sanctuary, spread across Munderi and neighbouring panchayats, forms the catchment of the Kattampally river, and has rich variety of plants, mangroves and fish.\"It was due to my initiative that the government declared Munderikadavu as a bird sanctuary, and it is sad that it did not take off in the desired manner. The forest department did some primary works for the proposed sanctuary,\" said A P Abdullakutty, MLA. He said the project should get sufficient funds and also the development should not affect the ecosystem, so that it could become one of the most sought-after bird sanctuaries in the country.According to the local bird enthusiasts, the immediate requirement is to enhance accessibility to the area and also initiate steps to attract more birds and keep away all the threats from the Kattampally wetland area that is known as a 'biodiversity treasure house'. As part of this, Munderi panchayat is planning to erect tree stumps for birds to rest. The revenue department had earlier stopped efforts by a real estate group to level the land to construct a road through the wetland.Incidentally, the Kattampally wetland is among the 24 Important Bird Areas (IBA) in the state identified by the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS). The Birdlife International has also said that it should be considered a priority site for conservation as it is home to many globally threatened birds.\"Munderikadavu is one of the places that should be declared a Ramsar site, as this is a wetland of national importance,\" said environmental activist and bird enthusiast Khaleel Chovva.\"I had presented a paper in this regard in the Ramsar Asian Regional Convention held in Jakarta last year and they are convinced of the importance of the place. Now, it is for the ministry of environment to submit a proposal and I hope it would happen in the near future, which would further boost the potential of the place as a bird sanctuary,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bagaha", "code": "16908507", "title": "DGP pays tributes to martyred jawans", "text": "BAGAHA: Sunday was observed as commemorative day at Bagaha Police Lines. A condolence parade was organised at Police Lines and tributes were paid to all 566 jawans who laid down their lives between September, 2011, and August 2012 while on duty.DGP Abhayanand addressed the parade after inspection. Bagaha police district SP Pushakar Anand, SDPOs of Bagaha and Ramnagar and others paid floral tributes to the martyrs at the Shaheed Smarak at Police Line parade ground. The DGP said education and welfare schemes could prevent crime in the society.Recalling his days as West Champaran SP, the DGP said during those days incidents of crime had increased in the district but education and welfare schemes in the rural areas helped the district administration check crime.The DGP said gangsters who committed dacoities in West Champaran district during the past few months had been arrested adding it is not necessary to inform the local police when police teams from other states come to arrest a person involved in crime under their respective jurisdiction, but it is mandatory to produce the arrested person in the nearest court within 24 hours of the arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907307", "title": "Blackmail of businessman: 1 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Another man was arrested for allegedly robbing a businessman of Rs 17.50 lakh and forcibly clicking his objectionable pictures, police said. Till now, six people \u2014 including a woman and a minor \u2014 have been arrested for allegedly robbing and blackmailing a businessman in Narela on September 1.\"Pradeep (34) was held, and Rs 3.5 lakh and a .315 bore countrymade pistol were seized from him,\" said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer). Pradeep was nabbed when he came to meet his family in Pooth. Last month, cops had arrested Ramesh Dahiya (35) , Amit (21), Pawan (20) and Lalita (20). A minor was also detained in connection to the case. After waylaying the businessman, the gang took him to a secluded place where they forcibly took his photographs with a woman in a compromising position. The gang then allegedly blackmailed him with the pictures for Rs 4 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913599", "title": "George Clooney called as witness in Silvio Berlusconi trial", "text": "Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi made a rare appearance at his sensational sex trial in Milan on Friday, denying that he had ever had sex with an underage belly dancer and claiming actor George Clooney can help him prove it.\"To have a big movie star come from Hollywood all the way to Italy to testify on your behalf, I mean that's credibility for you,\" ABC news quoted legal analyst Jean Casarez as saying.\"It also could give some respect to the defense itself.\"Berlusconi, a 76-year-old media mogul is accused of paying a Moroccan showgirl, known as \"Ruby the Heart Stealer\" for sex more than a dozen times - when she attended his infamous 'Bunga Bunga' parties in 2010, aged 17.Al Mahroug has denied she slept with Berlusconi, but has told prosecutors of risque scenes at Berlusconi's mansion outside Milan. She also claimed she saw Clooney at one of the parties.Clooney, however, has denied ever partying with the former Italian Prime Minister.\"I spoke to their people and said, 'I will come and testify if you'd like,' because I wasn't at the party that I was said to have been at. I wasn't at his 'bunga bunga' party,\" Clooney told Time Magazine last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "16908747", "title": "Rain triggers start of second season in Yercaud", "text": "SALEM: Thanks to North-East monsoon that has been showering Tamil Nadu state for the past few days, the climate is ideal for the second season in Yercaud. The weather conditions in the hill station will attract many tourists.\"In the last three days, it has been constantly drizzling and this has improved the weather conditions in town. This will attract tourists from Namakkal and Salem districts. A few tourists from Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri districts will also visit,\" said P Annadurai, a tourist guide from Yercaud.The skies are cloudy and there is a piercing chillness in the air. The falls are full and can be viewed from afar, he said. \"Only during season can we get a good view of the falls that originates from Shevaroys Hills,\" said Annadurai. Many college students visit during this season. Despite the rains, they still enjoy bathing under the falls, he added.Shop owners are not very thrilled though. Business has not been very good. Usually, they get several customers from Karnataka, but due to the Cauvery water sharing conflict, not many have come to Yercaud this year, said K Subramaniam, owner of a boutique in Yercaud. In fact, this year not many have come from other states, he said. On a good day, he said sales touches Rs 8000 on an average. But now it is very difficult even to make Rs 1000 a day, he said. This is because the local people generally don't shop much. However, he is hopeful that since the Dhasara holidays has just begun in Karnataka, the inflow will improve in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16908794", "title": "DIC to set up facilitation centre in TiEcon meet", "text": "KOCHI: The Directorate of Industries and Commerce (DIC) of the government of Kerala will set up a facilitation centre in the TiECon meet, to be held on October 25 and 26 at Le Meridian, Kochi. \"This unique opportunity will be another milestone in the state, showcasing the close interactions the industry is having with the government and policy makers,\" said John K Paul, president of the Kerala chapter of TiE.\"TiE Kerala and the state government have engaged in several discussions on improving the state's entrepreneurial ecosystem in the last two months. In a series of discussions since August, which was followed up by a joint, round table talk during Emerging Kerala, the industry and the government had considered various things that they can do together. The DIC has already taken up some of the recommendations and made changes to re-engineer the processes to disseminate information in a more efficient manner and make the processes more entrepreneur-friendly,\" Paul said.While TiEcon is a standalone event, discussions are on for the creation of a joint committee, consisting of entrepreneurs and the government, to suggest initiatives to make the state a destination for potential entrepreneurs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mandi (hp)", "code": "16913455", "title": "Himachal poll: Sonia kick-starts poll campaign, attacks BJP", "text": "MANDI (HP): Congress president Sonia Gandhi kick-started the poll campaign in Himachal Pradesh on Monday with a scathing attack on the BJP-led government and accused it of not making any efforts to take the benefits of central schemes to the poor and needy in the state.Addressing a rally here, Gandhi said central funds to the tune of Rs 10,000 crore allocated to the state had lapsed last year as the BJP government did not make adequate efforts to implement various central schemes in the state.\"There is a difference between the promises and actual work of the BJP,\" she said and charged that the saffron party was only pretending to fight corruption and rising prices and did little efforts on the ground.\"These people (BJP) are taking big about tackling corruption when they themselves are deep into it. Their fight against corruption is just a show off. Before raising a finger against corruption they should introspect,\" she said.Gandhi said it was a matter of shame that corruption had afflicted the system of governance and said only the Congress party had made attempts to tackle it head on by implementing the Right to Information law.\"Who brought the RTI Act? Did the BJP enact it? It was the UPA which brought the RTI Act to tackle corruption,\" she said.Elections to the Himachal Pradesh assembly are scheduled to be held on November 4.Gandhi sought to defend the recent hike in diesel prices contending that it was inevitable because of the increase in international crude prices.The UPA chairperson, however, pointed out that Congress-ruled states had reduced VAT on diesel to cushion the impact of the diesel price hike, a move which was lacking in the BJP-ruled states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907676", "title": "Doctors back surgeon, fear giving advice", "text": "MUMBAI: Leading surgeons in the city are upset over the recent Bombay high court judgment upholding the conviction against cancer surgeon Dr P B Desai for negligence.The case was of a cancer patient Leela Singhi, wife of then IAS officer from Rajasthan, P C Singhi. She was admitted to Bombay Hospital in December 1987 as a patient of Dr Desai by his junior Dr A K Mukherjee. She, on Dr Desai's advice, was set up for a surgical procedure to remove her uterus but when Dr Mukherjee found it was not possible on opening the abdomen, he closed it on Desai's advice from an adjoining OT where he was operating on another patient. For three months Leela remained in the hospital suffering in pain. She died 14 months later in RajasthanSenior doctors say they now fear giving a second opinion to a patient of another doctor or when a patient is sent to them for referral. \"There are two kinds of emotions that are running high,\" said Dr Tehemton Udwadia, who is regarded as the father of laproscopic surgery in India and is associated with Hinduja and Breach Candy hospitals. \"One is agitation and the other is anger.\" \"This is a disastrous judgment for the medical fraternity. It revolves around a technicality. I would think ten times before giving advice on someone else's patient now.\"Senior doctors' opinion are routinely sought by other doctors even from other cities said Dr Farookh Udwadia, one of the seniormost physicians in Mumbai. \"I would be hesitant to give opinions now. Opinions can change depending on a patient's condition which when the case is terminal can keep changing.\"Dr Tehmton said, \"It was a unique and prehistoric practice of admitting patients only under the senior doctor's name that has affected Dr Desai.\" Dr D P Vyas, medical director of Bombay Hospital, backed the claim. He had told the court about the hospital's procedure of allowing an assistant attached to a senior doctor to have his own independent patient but to not give him or her rights to admit such patient under their names.\" \"It was to groom the junior doctors,\" he said.Dr Lalit Kapoor, founder-member of Association of Medical Consultants and urologist, said, \"Just because an opinion turns out wrong, can you hang me later? That too in this case the patient died over a year later. It must be explained that medicine is not an exact science. In India we criminalize medical negligence without a rigorous check.\"Singhi said he has been advised to file a caveat before the Supreme Court. He said his late wife came to him in his dreams \"and was full of gratitude\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912584", "title": "Post Annie, Sumona the new girl in Abhinav's Life?", "text": "Here comes the buzzing hot news from the TV world yet again. Recently the media was abuzz with the drama between three TV actors namely Chahhat Khanna, Kannan Malhotra and Ekta Kaul which though started with a sour report, ended on happy note.Once again TOI.com is all set for another news from the tinsle town. So what is it? Hold on. Before starting up with the news let us inform about handsome Hunk Abhinav Shukla and beautiful Annie Gill, who were seeing each other from quite a some time now. They both also went public about their relationship.Off late, TOI.com reported about Annie Gill making a comeback as a protagonist with Vikas Seth's next project on Sony TV.However, what we have heard is that Abhinav Shukla and Annie Gill are no more dating each other and have split mutually five months back. Shocking! Isn't it?But that's not the entire story as if sources are to be believed then Abhinav has moved on in his life and is claimed to be dating Sumona Chakraborty of Bade Acche Laggte Hain fame. It is also heard that Sumona is vocal about her relationship with Abhinav to her closefriends and is equally excited about getting into a new relationship after years.On contacting Abhinav Shukla, he confirmed, \"Yes, I and Annie split few months back. When asked about the reason of parting, he stated, \"I don't want to comment on the same.\"\"Talking about Sumona, she is just a good friend and nothing else,\" clears Abhinav.We talked to Annie for her comment and she spoke, \" That's true I and Abhinav are no more dating each other.\" She went ahead and shared the reason of their break up by saying, \"Sometimes people don't have clearity in thoughts during their relationship. There are good times and bad times in one's life but when there is confusion from the other side, I think one should move on.\"When asked Annie about being open to a relationship, she observes, \"Yes, I am open for a relationship because I think love keeps an actor beautiful.\"On the other hand Sumona had to say, \" I am single since 5 years now and nothing is brewing between me and Abhinav.\"Well! all we can say is that there is no smoke without fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907688", "title": "Ex-DGP Brij Lal's flight to Centre will ruffle BSP-bashers' feathers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The news that union home ministry is in the process of appointing senior IPS officer of the UP Cadre Brij Lal as special director general (SDG) Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and eventually promoting him as director general of the force once the sitting officer retires is giving heartburn to opponents of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), given that Lal has been a favourite of BSP supremo and former chief minister Mayawati.Reports from the union home ministry suggest that Brij Lal, set to retire on November 30, 2014, is being brought to Delhi with a view towards promoting him as DG CRPF when the tenure of Pranay Sahay, who was appointed to the post only last week, comes to an end on July 31, 2013.Interestingly, the Congress, along with the Samajwadi Party (SP), had complained to the Election Commission before the UP assembly poll earlier this year that Lal was acting like an agent of the BSP. Lal was removed from the DG post on the poll panel's direction and subsequently shifted to an insignificant posting as principal of Police Training College in Moradabad. Since then he has been keen to come to Delhi.For the UPA government at the Centre, Brij Lal's appointment seems to serve two major political purposes. First and foremost, it will help keep Mayawati in good humor and give her reason to continue her support to the UPA with her 21 MPs which will be crucial for the government at the centre for its survival and passage of some important legislations. Secondly, posting of a Dalit officer on a top post at the centre would help union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde cement his credentials as a Dalit leader and work for the community's uplift.At the state level, apprehensions are that as DG CRPF, Brij Lal may \"influence\" the deployment of Central Para Military Force (CPMF) in Uttar Pradesh in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections in the interest of his political mentor Mayawati. The apprehensions are based on a similar situation that cropped up during the 2007 assembly elections in UP. The then inspector general of police (IG) CRPF (UP) Zone Karamveer Singh, who went on to become special DG CRPF on the same post, was also a UP cadre IPS. The BSP emerged as the clear winner with its best performance in terms of number of seats since its inception.Once through with central deputation, Karamveer Singh returned to his parent cadre as per norms only to be appointed DGP UP by chief minister Mayawati. Barely 24 hours after his retirement from the post, he was appointed security advisor to the chief minister-the first ever post in the state that was tailor-made for Singh.An even bigger problem for the BSP rivals is that pointing fingers at either Karamveer or Brij Lal would be impossible for them now for the simple reason that as IG CRPF Karamveer had only ensured that people in the interiors who wanted to caste their votes, got the opportunity to do so without fear or favoritism. The CRPF had deputed armed patrol parties which moved around in the interiors as an assurance of immediate help for anyone who wanted to cast vote but couldn't for the fear of the high and mighty of the village. Since this happened to be a charter among other duties the CRPF was required to perform, there could be no finger-pointing towards the men in uniform. This is one mantra sure to help Mayawati at least in the backdrop of the caste-based politics prevailing in Uttar Pradesh.It is an open secret now that there are innumerable villages in the interiors of Uttar Pradesh where the caste system exists in its worse forms. As a result the ruling upper castes decided the party to which the entire village was supposed to vote for, irrespective of their individual choice. With Mayawati's vote bank comprising scheduled castes, tribes and backwards, her vote bank is hit the worst in such a scenario. With Brij Lal at the helm of affairs, a replay of 2007 assembly elections in terms of the so-called \"oppressed class\" getting an opportunity to cast their votes at their own free will, would be inevitable. And this may topple the political equations of the region upside down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908433", "title": "Shilparamam laps up Conference of Parties windfall", "text": "HYDERABAD: The biggest beneficiary of the recently concluded Conference of Parties (CoP-11) could have been Shilparamam, the traditional crafts village located at a stone's throw away from the event's venue in Hitex. According to officials, the place saw an increase in footfall during the event which ended on October 19. Records reveal that around 3,000 foreign delegates had visited the crafts park in the last two weeks.In view of the biodiversity meet, which lasted 19 days, more than 400 additional stalls were set up in the bazaar and stall-owners reported almost a 20% jump in business. \"Some of the stall-owners have made profits ranging anywhere between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 5 lakhs, thanks to the various delegates of the biodiversity meet,\" said a Shilparamam official.The night bazaar at Shilparamam, which had received a lukewarm response ever since it was inaugurated in February this year, also came alive with several delegates thronging the stalls after the daily wrap up. The bazaar was kept open till 1am during CoP-11. Various programmes organised on the eve of the biodiversity meet also helped draw local visitors to the village, officials said. To the officials' surprise, around 14,000 visitors made it to the bazaar over the last weekend.GS Rao, Officer on Special Duty (OSD), Shilparamam, said, \"In connection with CoP-11, we had organised close to 44 cultural programmes at the bazaar. That apart, we had also planted 24,700 plants. We had in fact, set up close to 50 stalls highlighting the importance of the biodiversity of the region.\"Officials said that, thanks to the meet, the infrastructure at the bazaar had been improved. \"We have also added a cultural centre at the bazaar,\" Rao said. Authorities have decided to continue the cultural programmes and plan to run the additional stalls till December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907835", "title": "Deonar police on lookout for man following dowry complaint", "text": "MUMBAI: Deonar police are searching for a 30-year-old man and his parents for allegedly harassing his wife, Kavita Hazare (24), for dowry.\"My husband and his parents tortured me demanding dowry. When I failed to meet their demands, they harassed me and took away the gold ornaments that my parents had given to me, \" Kavita said. The matter worsened when Kavita learnt that her husband was already married and she was the third victim.\"The accused kept his earlier marriages hidden and married the third victim to mint money,\" cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16911956", "title": "4 held in Mumbai for duping city-based firm of 75 crore", "text": "INDORE: Economic offenses wing (EOW) sleuths from Mumbai have arrested four persons of a company who had duped Rs 75 crore from a Indore-based company that was looking for finance to fund its new acquisition of a coal mine in Australia. The accused claiming for be affiliated to a UK based company had promised a loan of $500 million to the local company.Meanwhile, the MP bureau of investigation of economic offences MP, formerly EOW, was caught unawares about the case. Manoj Singh, superintendent of police (EOW Indore) said that nobody has contacted them so far. \"We will assist if any complainant comes forward and approach us.\"Talking to TOI, ACP of EOW, Mumbai, Rajvardhan said four functionaries of a company, FIC Finance (India) Limited, who posed as representatives of Fortis International Inc. UK were arrested. Those arrested were Khalique Ahmed Khalil vice president, Vinayak Seshadri director accounts, Devendra Galid head, administration and one Shabih Ahmed Wazir Ahmed. Mumbai EOW claimed FIC Finance (India) Limited, has no affiliation to Fortis International Inc. A local court in Mumbai has remanded the four in EOW custody till October 29. Sources said, the Indore-based business group, came across FIC Finance (India) Limited, a company registered with the Registrar of Companies.The office bearers of FIC reportedly told the Indore-based group that their parent company in London had earmarked Rs 5,000 crore to be invested in real estate in India. The Indore-based group sought a loan of $ 500 million (approximately Rs 2690 crore) to acquire a coal mine in January this year. The FIC office bearers allegedly asked them to pay Rs 45 lakh as processing fee, Rs 11 crore as brokerage, Rs 59 crore as bank guarantee and Rs 5 crore as short term loan, all totalling over Rs 75 crore. Later, officials of FIC issued two cheques to the Indore-based company, which could not be encashed for insufficient funds. \"When the borrower tried to get his money back by refusing the loan, the accused issued post-dated cheques that bounced,\" EOW sources said.Finally, the company lodged a complaint with EOW Mumbai. A case of cheating under Section 420 of IPC, forgery (465 IPC), forgery of valuable security (467 IPC), forgery for purpose of cheating (468 IPC) and using as genuine, a forged document (471 IPC) has been registered against the four.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914281", "title": "Vile trolls target new mum Adele", "text": "Adele has been targeted by sick internet trolls following the birth of her son.The hate-filled web users began taunting the singer, 24, just minutes after the birth was confirmed on Saturday, the Sun reported.The most disturbing message came from a user called name Vanessa Bieber, who wrote: 'Aw Adele gave birth to a baby. Is it fat and handicapped lol? Just murder it already lol.'Another Twitter user wrote: 'I'll go see her in the UK and kill her', while another retweeted the message, adding: 'And kill her baby.'Many other users wrote that Adele would have more material to write about if she suffered from post-natal depression , or if her son died, while others said they hadn't realised Adele was pregnant because she is overweight.Some even threatened to kill her if she chose their favourite baby name for her son.A Twitter user said: \"I see Adele has given birth to a boy. If she randomly picks my baby name I may have to kill her.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16909043", "title": "A 3D printed aircraft test flies successfully", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers have successfully built and flown an unmanned aerial vehicle, using 3D printing technology.Engineering students from the University of Virginia posted a YouTube video of a plastic turbofan engine they had designed and built using 3D printing technology. Executives at Mitre Corporation saw the video and sent an announcement to the School of Engineering and Applied Science that they were looking for two summer interns to work on a new project involving 3D printing.Only one student, Steven Easter, then a third-year mechanical engineering major, responded to the job announcement. Easter got the assignment to build over the summer an unmanned aerial vehicle, using 3D printing technology. In other words, a plastic plane, to be designed, fabricated, built and test-flown.The engineers worked with inputs from their adviser, mechanical and aerospace engineering professor David Sheffler, a University of Virginia Engineering School alumnus and 20-year veteran of the aerospace industry. It was a daunting project - producing a plane with a 6.5-foot wingspan, made from assembled \"printed\" parts.The students sometimes put in 80-hour workweeks, with many long nights in the lab, the university said. Sheffler said he had confidence in them \"the entire way.\"Eventually the plane was assembled and four test flights were undertaken in August and early September at Milton Airfield near Keswick. It achieved a cruising speed of 72.4 kmph and is only the third 3D printed plane known to have been built and flown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907598", "title": "Vishnu Vardhan top seeded for CCI ITF tennis", "text": "MUMBAI: Davis Cupper Vishnu Vardhan , who partnered veteran Leander Paes in the doubles competition at the London Games this year, will spearhead the Indian challenge as the top seed in the CCI - ITF men's $15,000 tennis tournament, to be played at the CCI courts from October 22-27.Vishnu, who helped India whitewash New Zealand 5-0 in the Asia-Oceania Zone Group 1 relegation play-off with a winning effort in singles as well as doubles, is the highest ATP ranked player at 267 in the main draw of the 13th Futures tournament organised in the country.Seeded second behind the 25-year-old six-footer from Secunderabad is no. 1 Indonesian Davis Cup player Christopher Rungkat, ranked 294th.Apart from Vishnu, thirteen other Indians have secured berths in the 20 direct entries along with four wild cards, in the main draw of 32 in singles, which would be completed by eight from the three-stage qualifiers.Among the direct entrants is national men's singles champion Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan of Tamil Nadu while the man he beat in the finals at Delhi is Arjun Kadhe from Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907252", "title": "Steps taken for safe idol immersion: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has assured the high court that proper arrangements have been made for idol immersion in Yamuna during Durga Puja.The government was responding to allegations that its civic authorities have failed to comply with a 2009 undertaking on building enclosures and were passing the buck.Filing an affidavit before Justice Rajiv Shakdher, the government said \"a meeting was held on October 12 at the level of secretary (environment) on construction of designated enclosures for immersion of idols in Yamuna\".The affidavit said the irrigation and flood control department has made enclosures at Ram Ghat, Kudesai Ghat, Geeta Ghat and Kalindi Kunj for the immersion of idols and signage have been put up saying \"Danger, deep water ahead, entry prohibited\" in English and Hindi.The affidavit said DDA would make arrangements of lighting and provide other infrastructures, while municipal corporations would provide civic amenities including toilets for public, besides cleaning up the river banks after idol immersion. Delhi Police will manage traffic and maintain law and order situation at the immePuja rsion sites.HC was hearing a contempt petition filed by Tapas, an NGO, through its convener Vinod Jain, alleging that the authorities have failed to construct permanent enclosures on Yamuna bank for immersion of idols and other items during festivals in compliance with its 2006 order and also erstwhile MCD's undertaking to the court in 2009 to build 13 special enclosures.In 2006, the court had directed MCD to make special permanent enclosures on a PIL seeking direction to maintain Yamuna clean and pollution free. Three years later, it gave an undertaking to the court that it will complete the project by 2011 but failed to honour the deadline. The petitioner alleged that every year, the MCD makes temporary ghats during the festive season but their condition is pathetic.Referring to a media report, the petitioner contended that due to lack of preparedness of the authorities, some children had drowned in the river during immersion of Ganesh idols last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "16911901", "title": "Bajrang Dal activists display arms, take out rally", "text": "UJJAIN: The district administration and police remained mute spectators as Bajrang Dal activists displayed arms in public and took out a rally as a part of Shastra Diksha (arms puja) programme on Sunday.Activists, after the ceremony at Chamunda Square, where they worshipped the arms, organised a rally that passed through the main roads in the city and brandished swords and other arms in public. Police officials who were following the event, made no effort to prevent the activists.When asked, additional superintendent of police (ASP) (city) M S Mujalde said permission for rally is issued by the additional district magistrate (ADM) on certain conditions. They (administration) do not send a copy to the police. He however added that action would be initiated against the activists if they violate the conditions set while granting permission for the rally.ADM Vikas Narwal could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911439", "title": "'Paranormal Activity 4' leads weekend box office with $30.2m debut", "text": "Paramount's 'Paranormal Activity 4' debuted at number one this weekend with 30.2 million dollars, which was a big drop from the 40-and 50-million-dollar openings of the last two instalments.Perpetual hit maker Tyler Perry failed to find an audience for his new persona as ace crime solver in Summit Entertainment's 'Alex Cross', which opened at number five with 11.8 million dollars.Ben Affleck's Iran hostage tale 'Argo' held up well in its second weekend, remaining at number two with 16.6 million dollars, dropping just 15 percent from its debut, the New York Post reported.Liam Neeson's action sequel 'Taken 2', which topped the previous two weekends, slipped to fourth-place with 13.4 million dollars, lifting the 20th Century Fox release's domestic haul to 106 million dollars.Adam Sandler's animated hit 'Hotel Transylvania' also held up well at number three with 13.5 million dollars, pushing its domestic earnings to 119 million dollars.In limited release, Fox Searchlight's acclaimed drama 'The Sessions' did solid business and opened with 121,005 dollars in four theatres in New York City and Los Angeles.The top 10 movies at the weekend box office were:Paranormal Activity 4 - 30.2 million dollarsArgo - 16.6 million dollarsHotel Transylvania - 13.5 million dollarsTaken 2 - 13.4 million dollarsAlex Cross - 11.8 million dollarsSinister - 9 million dollarsHere Comes the Boom - 8.5 million dollarsPitch Perfect - 7 million dollarsFrankenweenie - 4.4 million dollarsLooper - 4.2 million dollars", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911619", "title": "Sai Kumar does a Kanchana", "text": "We all know that Raghavendra Lawrence's Kanchana is being remade in both Hindi and Kannada. While Kannada superstar Upendra will play the lead in the Kannada version, Lakshmi Rai will reprise her character in the film. Sarath Kumar had a power-packed role in the Tamil version and played a transgender in the film. The Kannada version too was likely to have Sarath Kumar play the role, but the latest we hear is that Sai Kumar has replaced Sarath. Sai Kumar is a well known actor in the Kannada circuit and is a popular dubbing artist as well. Interestingly, both Sarath Kumar and Sai Kumar are involved in politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16908463", "title": "Sale of CDs drops this Durga Puja", "text": "PATNA: Unlike previous years, there has been a steep fall in the sale of bhajan cassettes and CDs this Durga Puja because of people using pen drives and memory cards this festive season.\"CDs aur cassettes ka kaun jhanjhat karta hai, jab ek chota sa pen drive kamaal kar sakta hai, aur sirf ek pen drive se hazaar se bhi jyada gane main apni jeb me le kar ghum sakta hoon (Who cares for CDs and cassettes when a small pen drive can work wonders and I can carry more than one thousand songs in my pocket with a pen drive),\" said Mohit, a member of Friends Association, a group of students setting up puja pandal at Golghar Chauraha.Similarly, Rajkumar of Sri Sri Maa Kaali Puja Samiti at Salimpur Ahra, too, admitted that they had not bought music cassettes and CDs this year as they would use their storage devices. He also revealed that the budding singers of the state distributed their music albums at puja pandals. So, there was no need to buy new collection.However, the losers in the market are the music gallery owners. Rakesh Kumar, a cassette and CDs shop owner at Bakerganj, attributed his loss to the craze for pen drives and memory cards. \"Fashion hai pen drive aur memory cards ka. Nayi CDs khareedne ke liye logon ko bahut ghoomna padta hai. Itna waqt kahan hai unke paas. isi liye ye kam bik rahe hain (People have less time to visit various places to buy CDs. Hence, the fall in sale),\" said Rakesh.Some others feel 'mehngayi' (price rise) is the main cause behind the cold market. \"Tyohar me log pehle jyada zaroorat ki cheezen khareedenge na (People will first think of buying essential goods during festivals),\" said Chintu of Suhana CD Ghar on Boring Road.However, Anil Kumar, the owner of Arti Electronics on Boring Road, blames the pirated CDs for the losses they are incurring.Bhojpuri singers are also giving tough competition to the likes of Sonu Nigam and Anuradha Poudwal and the puja pandals at Patna echo with the devotional tunes of Arvind Akela, Khesari Lal and Pawan Singh, leaving the stacks of CDs and cassettes of Bollywood singers untouched at the stores.But Sanjeev, one of the CDs sellers at Kankarbagh, revealed that people still ask for bhajans and arti of Gulshan Kumar, Sonu Nigam, Anuradha Poudwal and Anup Jalota for their homes, though for the pandals, the Bhojpuri singers were more in demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16908704", "title": "1 dies as part of hotel collapses", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three migrant labourers were buried alive, when a structure on the first floor of Hotel Jalandhar (Sector 18) gave way, resulting in caving in of earth in the hotel's basement, on Sunday night.Two of the labourers were brought out in a critical condition after a rescue operation of around 35 minutes. The third one, Sita Ram, who too was brought out in a serious condition was taken to Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16, where doctors declared him brought dead. Construction work in the hotel's rear had been going on for the last one month.The incident took place around 9.10pm. Senior administrative officials and police officials including DC Mohammed Sahin, DSP Vijay Kumar and station house officer Harjeet Kaur rushed to the spot.Police have registered a case of death due to negligence at the Sector 19 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16914686", "title": "Expert from state wins accolades at global meet", "text": "RANCHI: The crowd management system and technology developed by disaster management expert Col Sanjay Srivastava from Jharkhand won accolades at the recently concluded International Conference on Disaster Management (ICDM) at National Geophysical Research Institute in Hyderabad.The system is based on first-hand experience at the two world famous shrines - Baidyanath Dham in Jharkhand and Tirupati Tirumala Devastanam in Andhra Pradesh. The system, if implemented well, can be of great help in places that attract huge crowds and are subsequently prone to stampedes. These would include cricket and football stadiums, political and religious conglomerations and so on.\"The concept of crowd management is based on temple operation centre and primarily deals with determining the number of devotees, channelizing them from the entrance till the exit, regulating the crowd, emphasis on multiple entry and exit system, capacity building of local people, facility management and medical provisioning,\" said Srivastava. He is also the advisor to the Jharkhand government on disaster management.\"All this has been integrated by technology and decision support system (DSS) which enables the district administration or temple management to perceive the situation and react with the help of DSS,\" said Srivastava. Since he had spent the better part of his time in doing the research at Baidyanath Dham temple, it was only natural for him to dedicate the study to the shrine.The concept was also appreciated by experts of OST, a US-based agency working for public safety systems, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16912662", "title": "UK ends boycott of Narendra Modi, envoy meets Gujarat chief minister", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Ending a ten-year boycott of Gujarat after the 2002 riots, Britain on Monday made its first engagement with the state when high commissioner James Bevan met chief minister Narendra Modi.Bevan drove in to the state secretariat complex here at about 11am to meet Modi with a small delegation.\"The meeting continued for about 50 minutes,\" official sources said.After the meeting, Bevan drove away to meet Governor Kamla Beniwal.It was immediately not known what transpired in the meeting.On October 11, the UK had announced ending a 10-year boycott of Narendra Modi government imposed after the 2002 riots.The British government had asked its envoy to India, James Bevan, to visit Gujarat and meet Modi and other senior officials in the state to discuss a wide range of issues of mutual interest and explore opportunities for closer cooperation.The chief minister had welcomed the move as \"better late than never\".\"Der Aaye Durust Aaye (better late than never)! I welcome UK government's step for active engagement and strengthening relations with Gujarat. God is Great,\" Modi had tweeted, reacting to Britain's decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908486", "title": "Fire licence soon mandatory for small business establishments", "text": "HYDERABAD: Soon small businesses like function halls, super markets, hotels, lodges without restaurants, nursing homes and petrol bunks will need a licence from the AP State Disaster Response and Fire Services wing to carry out their operations. Also, they would be required to renew their licence every year.The fire services department has decided to put in place a licensing system for nine categories of commercial establishments. The new system is likely to come into force within a month.Officials said property owners or developers of high-rise buildings, both residential and commercial, and hotels have to take 'No Objection Certificate' (NOC) from the fire services department before applying for building permission. But, once the NOC is issued, the fire services department has no mechanism to check whether they comply with fire safety norms or not.\"Some establishments like petrol bunks, which are prone to fire accidents, need to be inspected periodically by fire personnel. But till now, buildings in some categories like function halls need not require fire department permission before they start business.However, establishments which start business after taking NOC will be checked periodically from now onwards. Even minimum fire-fighting equipment installed at these establishments have become ornamental and seldom function in the event of a fire mishap,\" a senior officer of the fire services said.Officials said there is a provision to implement the licence system. As per the AP Fire Services Act, 1999, and rule 19 (1) of the AP Fire &amp; Emergency Operations and Levy of Fee Rules, 2006, nine categories of business establishments need to take licence and renew them periodically. This has not been implemented by the fire services department due to various reasons.The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's fire prevention wing (FPW) has proposed that licence system be introduced for non-high rise buildings and other categories. The FPW in GHMC was created and was given the power to inspect buildings up to 15-metre height. Since 2009, the wing has been inspecting buildings before giving occupancy certificates for multi-storied buildings, school buildings, hospitals and commercial complexes.\"The department is currently in the process of preparing procedures, checklists and other pro-forma for issuing licences. Powers have to be delegated to fire officers in the districts and fire prevention wings in municipal limits. The entire process may take a month,\" fire services director P Venkateshwar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16906905", "title": "India Against Corruption activists clash with cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 200 supporters of India Against Corruption (IAC) clashed with police while trying to barge into Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Hooda's residence on Sunday afternoon. The activists, most of them from Haryana wing of the IAC, were staging a protest against Robert Vadra for his alleged quid pro quo with DLF and the Haryana government being hand in glove with Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law.Police had to use water cannon and physical force to disperse the protesters who crossed the barricades put up at Pandit Pant Marg (Hooda's residence). Protesters claimed over a dozen of them were injured in the police action, however, the official figure was pegged at six. Kejriwal or any other senior leaders of the group were not present at the protest. He reportedly visited some of the injured members at the hospital later.Delhi police PRO, DCP Rajan Bhagat, said, \"We had deployed around 150 personnnel near Gol Dak Khana. Twenty-five protestors were detained as a preventive action to safe guard law and order in the area. Four police officers and six IAC members suffered minor injuries in the incident and were administered first aid. A case regarding the incident has been lodged.\" The cops denied having issued any orders of lathicharge.Following the incident, a case of rioting and other offences was lodged at the Parliament Street police station. \"A case under Sections 186, 353, 146, 147, 149, 323 of IPC has been registered against the protesters for obstructing a public servant in discharging his duty, attacking him and causing hurt to him. They tried to disturb the law and order in the area,\" a cop said.The activists on Sunday had assembled near Gol Dak Khana around 12.30pm and began to march towards Hooda's residence. Protesters breached the barricades and were stopped by police. However, the activists insisted on marching ahead and somehow managed to reach near the residence. Police claimed that when the activists did not pay any heed to their warnings, they were forced to use water canons and mild lathicharge to disperse the crowd. The police action began around 1.15pm and went on for around 20 minutes.More than 50 protestors were injured in the lathicharge and four of them were taken to Ram Manohar Lohia (RML) hospital, an IAC member claimed.Later in the day, Arvind Kejriwal addressed the media and condemned the attack. \"Is this the way the government is reacting to a peaceful protest, which is a Constitutional right?\" asked Kejriwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912775", "title": "Regret not been directed by Yash Chopra: Karanvir", "text": "21 October 2012 is a date which Bollywood will never forget of as on this day the Indian film industry lost one of its greatest legends-Mr. Yash Chopra .He immortalized romance with his body of work and his death is a great loss to everyone. Though, Yash Chopra's name has become synonymous with romantic films but one can't ignore the list of social family dramas like Trishul , Deewar , Waqt that the genius has made.It seems as if the entire film industry has come down to mourn the death of the biggest film maker and one amongst them is popular TV actor Karanvir Bohra.Karanvir who plays the role of Viraj in Life OK's Saubhagyavati Bhava shares his childhood memories about the iconic film maker. \"Yashji, was very known to my Grandfather, Shree RamKumar Bohra and as kids we used to watch Yash Uncle's movies. Then as we started growing older, we realised that Yash Chopraji is 'The Yash' uncle we know.\"Karanvir, who has acted in many popular TV shows and Bollywood films, says, \"I loved the way he made his actors fall in love and then fall apart-. His movies had this amazing human quality. He is the prime reason of me being an actor as I too wanted to be directed the way he directed Amitabhji, Shashi Kapoorji and Shah Rukh Khan \".Karanvir further adds, \"Whenever I am asked by press or anyone what i regret in life, I will always say- I don't like to regret anything in life but not being directed by Yash Uncle is one regret that will stay with me for the rest of my life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909156", "title": "Simplify wealth creation", "text": "Wealth creation for the long term need not be complex. Some readers seem to be caught in the web of multiple financial goals, numerous investments designed to meet those goals, and the stress of monitoring and managing with too much math. Young earners, who have just begun their financial lives, worry about too many choices before them; retired investors, who have built wealth over a lifetime, stress about its adequacy. Those in the middle like to be sure about being on the right track. Here are four simple principles to help build long-term wealth.First, your savings are likely to be held in five major categories-property , equity, debt, precious metals, and cash. Whatever the investment product, however complex it's terminology and working , it is likely to fit into one or more of these categories. Equity shares, IPOs, equity funds, PMS are all equity. If you have your own business or profession, and money is invested in it, you should classify it as equity, even if it is not a listed company. It is risky capital invested for long-term growth based on the profitability of your venture. Your investment in the PF, PPF, deposits, bonds, post office, and everything else that returns the principal after a particular time and pays interest, is debt. Whatever lies in your savings account, or in your vault, is cash. Property includes everything in real estate that you buy\u2014residential , commercial or land. As long as you are not spending all that you earn and are putting something aside in any one of these, you have begun well.Second, you are unlikely to build wealth to a formula. The trick is to diversify , or ensure that your wealth is spread well across these categories. You might buy a house early in your career. You may not be conscious about your PF deduction building up as your debt portfolio . You could be investing via SIPs in a dozen funds, hoping they turn out fine in the end. Every time you make an investment , rather than focus too much on it in isolation, try and see what it does to what you already have. For example, if you have bought a property and it represents all the wealth you have, be conscious about building other categories of wealth before jumping in to buy one more. If you are obsessed with gold, ensure you don't invest all your savings in it. It is fine if you have spent a few years of your life building one type of asset; focus on others in the next few. Building debt in the first five years, adding a home in the next 10, adding equity in the next five, and spending the rest of your earning life building each one of these into a bigger size is not bad at all. You don't have to do everything at the same time.Third, learn to focus on making good the imbalances, in a steady manner. In the early days of earning, you may have time and attitude to take risks in equity . However, without the cushion of wealth, that would be risky. In the middle age of low expense and high saving, buying property might become an obsession . In the retired phase, there may be an overt focus on protecting capital and getting an income. Long-term wealth building needs balance. If an investment product is offered to you, look at it in terms of how it would add to, or take away from the balance between all the components you already have. Have a target for making corrections and work on it. If all your saving is going back into your business, and you have bought property with all the gains you could stash away, recognise the lack of debt in your portfolio, and begin to build it. Do not worry too much about actual proportions . That keeps changing. Look for extreme positions, such as 80% in property , 90% in gold, 80% in equity. It is fine to keep these for some time, as long as you have a plan to balance it out and implement such plan. For example, by the time you retire, if you have 30% of your wealth in property, 30% in equity, 30% in debt and 10% in cash, you have balanced your wealth well.Fourth, do not allow your wealth to be a victim of your attitudes. Protect and fence your wealth from your emotions, insecurities, overt optimism, and mistrust . Whether you bought equity shares, or set up your business, you would face a crunch from the ups and downs of equity . Not all of us can lose our shirts and start all over again. Do not stake your wealth to win by trading in stocks. Set aside a portion of your wealth in debt products before pursuing your dream, or even your whim, so that your family is protected. If you invest only to save taxes, your wealth will suffer the longterm peril of poorly chosen products. If your wealth is in a property that you are adamant about passing on to your children , who may or may not need it, you may be holding unproductive assets. If you buy gold only because it makes you feel good, you may have too much of an asset that earns no income. Recognise emotions that may lead you to overdo something and keep a check on those that harm your wealth.Building wealth is about persisting over time in allocating your savings across diverse products, ensuring a balance , and keeping emotions in check. Everything else is detail. Do not miss the woods for the trees, trying to search for the next best thing to buy, or panicking about economic cycles. You have at least 45 years or more after you turn 21 to build and enjoy your wealth. That is long-term orientation for you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16913049", "title": "Flying golf balls 'putt' Chembur housing society residents in a fix", "text": "MUMBAI: When residents bought flats at Navjivan housing society in Chembur, they were thrilled that their windows accorded them a view of the lush green fields of the 100-year-old Bombay Presidency Golf Club. Little did they imagine then that they'd be ducking for cover from golf balls flying out of the very same fields.In the last two months alone, residents have collected 50-70 balls that landed into their homes after shattering windowpanes. The society, which shares a boundary wall with the club, comprises 55 buildings and 600 flats. Seven of the buildings are the most affected, said residents.Murali Iyer, a resident of Navjivan housing society, said his seven-year-old son was injured last month because of a golf ball. \"The ball smashed the windowpane and landed in the bedroom. My son was sleeping in the room and was injured by glass shards that flew as the ball broke the glass,\" said Iyer. \"Thankfully, my son's injuries were not major but I shudder to think of what could have happened. I love sports but this can be dangerous. There are dedicated people called spotters who should be employed to keep an eye on where a ball is being hit\"Residents claim golf balls rain down on their society almost daily. \"Sometimes, the security guards sell the balls back to the club,\" said a flat-owner.Rajesh Nagpal, who resides in one of the buildings on the third floor, said the balls had smashed the glass on his French windows. \"The attitude of the club's managing committee isn't good. They call us trespassers when we complain. I fear for my kids. High-end nets have been put in seven pockets except around the compound wall of our society. It's a global practice to have these nets to prevent the golf balls from entering homes,\" he said.Simran Shivdasani, another resident, said senior citizens have stopped stepping out of their homes for walks for the fear of being hit by a ball. \"Windscreens of cars have been damaged many times. While the club has compensated the owners, it can't compensate for life.The balls come at very high speeds and theclub must put up safety nets,\"she said.Ravi Raghavan, secretary of the Bombay Presidency Golf Club, said, \"This club is 100 years old and was in existence even before the buildings came up. While buying the flats, residents knew their homes would overlook the golf course. I shall take up this issue with the general committee. and address it accordingly.I cannot comment now on the kind of barricades that can be erected. We paid for the damaged windows. It's good nobody was injured.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907753", "title": "6 months on, Yunus kin yet to get compensation", "text": "MUMBAI: Six months after the Bombay high court directed the state to pay Rs 20 lakh compensation to the family of Khwaja Yunus (27), who was picked up in the 2002 Ghatkopar blast case and allegedly died in police custody, the state is yet to comply.The family has been fighting the legal battle since a decade. \"First of all, nothing can compensate the loss of life. Secondly, Yunus' father, late Ayub, who had filed the habeas corpus petition, had demanded the compensation in 2005. Now it is almost a decade since the government agreed to pay us,\" said Ayesha Begum (65), mother of Yunus, from their home town in Parbhani.In April this year, the Bombay HC had enhanced the compensation payable to the family from Rs 3 lakh to Rs 20 lakh for \"violation of fundamental rights\" of Yunus and his mother. The HC had directed the state to compensate within eight weeks. It also stated that it was up to the state to recover the amount proportionately from the cops responsible for Yunus's disappearance.The victim's brother, Sayyed, said that in 2007, the family had received a part payment of Rs 3 lakh, which they initially refused as it was \"peanuts\" compared to Yunus' life. \"He was getting a handsome pay in the Gulf,\" he said. But the government has been maintaining that this is the highest-ever compensation awarded by a court for custodial death.Ayesha's advocate Mihir Desai said, \"There is some movement. Last week, I received a call from a government official, asking for details of the amount to be compensated.\" According to the HC order, the government has to pay Rs 17 lakh to the family, which has already got Rs 3 lakh in 2007.The family said they are not in the financial condition to move the SC to prosecute the other ten cops who too were allegedly involved in the custodial death. In April 2012, the HC rejected the plea to prosecute the ten cops. The state CID has filed a chargesheet only against four cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "centurion", "code": "16912517", "title": "Delhi Daredevils look to seal semifinal berth", "text": "CENTURION: The only IPL team left in contention, table-toppers Delhi Daredevils will aim to officially seal what seems like a sure-shot semifinal berth but will face stiff challenge from home favourites Titans in their final Group A encounter on Monday.Delhi huffed and puffed their way to a narrow win over Perth Scorchers in their previous match, going atop the table in the process with 10 points.Titans, beaten comprehensively by laggards Kolkata Knight Riders in their last match, are second in the standings with eight points.Both the teams are best-placed to advance from the group and tomorrow's result will decide which of the two finishes better in the points table.The two sides head into contest with their confidence shaken in contrasting manner. While Delhi's batting depth was tested to the core by the ousted Perth Scorchers, Titans were quite literally demolished by another ousted side KKR.In pursuit of 122, Delhi lost Mahela Jayawardene, Unmukt Chand, Kevin Pietersen and Ross Taylor to single-digit scores and it was left to Virender Sehwag to steer the team through.In fact, Sehwag getting a good knock was a big positive for Delhi and the batsman himself. The 34-year-old batted sensibly, held one end firm and ensured that he did just enough to steer Delhi.Another positive for Delhi was veteran all-rounder Ajit Agarkar , who was named man of the match for his fine display. His economical four overs fetched Delhi a couple of wickets and cost just 14 runs.South African pacer Morne Morkel was also quite a success as far as bowling miserly was concerned even though he did not take any wickets.The Titans, on the other hand, were mauled by KKR. Chasing 189, they folded for 89 with just three of their batsmen managing double-digit scores.The opening pair of Jacques Rudolph and Henry Davids has given their team good starts in the first two matches -- they added 104 against the Perth Scorchers and then followed it up with a stand of 74 against the Auckland Aces.Their failure against KKR proved quite decisive and they will have to come good against Delhi for the Titans to have any chance of upstaging Delhi.Key pacer Alfonso Thomas, who went for 52 runs against KKR, also needs to get his act together as Delhi has a devastating batting line-up capable of tearing apart the best of attacks.Teams (from):Delhi Daredevils: Mahela Jayawardene (captain), Ajit Agarkar, Unmukt Chand, Morne Morkel, Pawan Negi, Naman Ojha, Irfan Pathan , Kevin Pietersen, Andre Russell , Aavishkar Salvi, Virender Sehwag, Ross Taylor, Venugopal Rao , David Warner , Umesh Yadav.Titans: Martin van Jaarsveld (captain), Farhaan Behardien , Henry Davids, AB de Villiers (wicketkeeper), Cornelius de Villiers, Paul Harris , Heino Kuhn (wicketkeeper), Eden Links, Ethy Mbhalati, Mangaliso Mosehle, Rowan Richards, Jacques Rudolph, Alfonso Thomas, Roelof van der Merwe, David Wiese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16913289", "title": "North Karnataka wrestlers grab most kusti titles", "text": "MYSORE: Wrestlers of North Karnataka bagged most of the kusti (wrestling) awards on the final day of the event at Devaraj Urs Multipurpose Wrestling ground on Sunday.Panduranga Kambara of Athani was crowned as Dasare Kesari (74kg), Nagaraj of Dharwad as Dasara Kumar(60kg), while Sidnath Maane of Mudhol as Dasara Kanteerava (74kg) and Laxamana Muchholli of Belgaum as Dasara Kishor (58kg). Prema Huchhamma Naval won Chenamma award, which was introduced this year.Panduranga beat Venkatesh of Haliyal, Prakash with 2-0 points. While Dasara Kanteerava Sidnath beat Yaragatti of Belgaum Military Regiment in three rounds with leading 3-0 points.M Nagaraj of Dharwad Sports Training Centre beat Vittala Ammannagopal of MGM , Bangalore in final round and became Dasara Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16913228", "title": "Russian embraces Hinduism", "text": "MYSORE: A foreign national embraced Hinduism and underwent Upanayana ritual at Srirangapatna near Mysore on Sunday. He is expected to tie the knot next week as per Hindu traditions at Srirangapatna.Shaswathi Dharmika Kriya Samithi head Banu Prakash Sharma told TOI that he performed Upanayana on Alexander, a Russian, at their centre on Sunday.He has been following Hindu traditions for years but on Sunday he completed various ceremonies like Samskaras, Jathakarma, Namakarma, Annaprasanna and Upanayana samskara. He got christened himself as Venkatesha Sharma.According to Banu Prakash, Alexander aka Venkatesha Sharma was a disciple of Maharshi Maheshayogi for 12 years and he has been touring India to study Hinduism. He studied Krishna Yajur Veda and Sananthana Dharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai/kochi", "code": "16909416", "title": "27-year-old Navy officer from Chennai shoots himself", "text": "CHENNAI/KOCHI: An officer was found dead with a bullet injury to his head at INS Dronacharya , the Navy's arms training base, in Fort Kochi on Sunday morning.The officer was identified as sub-lieutenant Arun Kumar , 27, a member of the Navy's Quick Reaction Team. He was a resident of Balaji Nagar Main Road at Peringalathur.After preliminary investigation , authorities said the officer had used his service handgun to commit suicide. Police said a suicide note was found at the scene. \"I want to feel death. No one is responsible ,\" a police officer quoted the note as saying. \"The officer has expired of a self-inflicted bullet injury,\" a Navy officer said, adding that the death is being probed.Kumar, a bachelor, was on duty at the time of incident. \"Around 10.20am, the guards heard a gun going off in the restroom near the entrance of INS Dronacharya. They rushed in, and found Kumar sitting in a chair with blood oozing out of his head and mouth. They immediately shifted him to the medical unit on the premises, but he was pronounced dead,\" the police officer said.In the navy officer's house in Kamakshi Nagar, New Perungalathur , family and friends gathered on Sunday evening. Most of them were too distraught to speak.For Ashwin, 23, the news of his brother's death is yet to sink in. \"He called me just last night to wish me luck in the CAT exam. I didn't know that it would be the last time I'd be talking to him,\" Ashwin said, fighting to hold back tears.The Navy may have lost a good hand, but members of Arun's family say they have lost a caring son, an affectionate brother and a role model.\"Arun was a hero and a role model to many in our family after he got into the Navy,\" Ashwin said. \"I have lost not just a brother, but a close friend,\" Arun's father T S Vasudeva Kumar, who works with a security agency, and mother Jamuna left for Kerala on Sunday to bring back their son's body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16907328", "title": "Sandalwood smugglers strike at will in Bangalore University", "text": "BANGALORE: The alleged involvement of sandalwood smugglers in the recent alleged gang-rape case of an NLSIU student at Jnanabharathi campus is only a reflection of the impunity with which they go about their job.Bangalore University's Jnanabharathi campus is a hot spot of sandalwood smuggling. Over the years, many successful and unsuccessful attempts have been made to cut sandalwood trees on the campus. The other hotspot is Bannerghatta forests where not only sandalwood trees in the wild but those in houses and farms are targeted.In June last, forest officials shot at a gang of six men in the Anekal forest area of the Bannerghatta National Park. Within a month, another large-scale sandalwood tree felling was reported in the Jnanabharathi campus where over 90 trees were cut by gangs, which also managed to take away 40 of the chopped trees.Over the years the modus operandi of smugglers has changed. Instead of axing huge trees, they target relatively smaller trees so that they can finish their job and flee with the booty in a jiffy. This has resulted in houses with sandalwood trees being targeted. In May 2011, a gang of 12 men barged into a house in CV Raman Nagar, held a security guard at knife-point, chopped down a tree and fled with a big portion of it.Sandalwood smuggling has also caused enough bloodshed. In September 2010, a farm owner in Hulimavu shot dead one of the three men who tried to steal sandalwood from his farm.In the case of Bangalore University, the situation has got worse as a proposal to arm the home guards on the campus has been shot down. The other places vulnerable to sandalwood smugglers are the campuses of IISc and UAS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16908138", "title": "Heavy attrition, suicides bleed paramilitary forces", "text": "NEW DELHI: A high attrition rate in paramilitary forces forced the government to commission a study by IIM-Ahmedabad on the reasons for such high churn.The situation, say insiders, is grimmer than what the statistics reveal. Personnel often say it is easier to fight a war on the border than be in a continuous battle inside one's own country. \"In a war you know where the bullet is going to come from. Fighting Naxals in the jungle, you do not even know where you are,\" said a CRPF man who has served in Chhattisgarh.Add to it the challenge of fighting two enemies at a time - the 'double M', Maoists and malaria. \"You are either going to die of a bullet or of a mosquito bite. The healthcare facilities are poor and at times we have to spend out of our own pocket for treatment that too after traveling great distances in treacherous terrains,\" said another CRPF man.Living in a jungle, they say, is far worse than serving in any other terrain. \"In areas such as tiger reserves, nothing is allowed to be built, not even toilets. So jawans are forced to defecate in the open. We once lost a jawan to a wild animal while he was relieving himself,\" said an officer engaged in anti-naxal operations in Bihar.In the Army, difficult postings are generally followed by periods in peace positions. That does not happen quite so frequently in the paramilitary. Denial or delay in grant of leave adds to the gloom. The IIM study has recorded that many jawans are granted leave after their leave requirement is over. \"This leads to alienation from family, the only stress buster for our personnel. In such deprivation many jawans take to alcohol further wrecking their condition,\" said a CRPF officer.The force, rightly or wrongly, has also been accused of numerous human rights violations which have hardly helped in keeping morale high. \"The prime example is the Baseguda encounter where civilians got caught in the crossfire. The jawans thought they had conducted a successful operation. But despite suffering critical injuries, they were castigated. The situation they were in, they could not have operated in any other way,\" said a senior CRPF officer.Likewise, ever since India has committed to decreasing casualties on the Indo-Bangla border forcing BSF men to use non-lethal weapons against smugglers, the personnel have suffered unprecedented attacks. \"Cattle smugglers now operate with impunity. Government should legalize the trade if it does not want us to use force to stop them,\" said a BSF officer.Add delay in promotions and pay parity (at officer level), and the disillusionment is complete. \"While people in the Army get three promotions in 13 years, it takes us 24 years to reach the same position. Also, no matter how illustrious our career, we will never reach the top in the force. It will always go to an IPS officer. So you can't have aspirations,\" said a BSF cadre officer.The force believes the government only listens to its grievances without setting any remedial action. Not surprisingly, only a couple of months ago, a clutch of senior BSF officials have approached the high court on promotions and pay parity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16912150", "title": "Facebook likely to face pressure over revenue strategy: Report", "text": "LONDON: Social networking giant Facebook is likely to face pressure from its investors over how the firm will speed up revenue growth, as the company tries to reverse a 50 percent slump in its share price since it floated.\"All investors are going to care about is the tone and tenor of revenue growth,\" said Brian Wieser, an analyst at Pivotal Research Group.According to analysts surveyed by Bloomberg, third-quarter revenues are expected to have risen 29 percent to 1.23 billion dollars, when the company delivers results on Tuesday.That is down from a 32 percent rate that Facebook achieved in the second quarter, the Telegraph reports.According to the paper, the US-based social network will also report a quarterly profit of 284 million dollars compared with a loss of 157 million dollars in the second quarter.The anxiety over the pace of revenue growth has deepened because Facebook's fastest expansion is in users accessing the site on mobile devices, which command lower advertising rates, the paper said.The challenge presented by mobile, which accounts for 600 million of Facebook's users, was underlined last week when Google shocked Wall Street with much lower profits than forecast, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16912284", "title": "Jal Nigam staff protest meet on Oct 29", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To protest against the curtailment made in the facilities, Jal Nigam employees will hold a general meeting on October 29.The field employees of Jal Nigam have been demanding implementation of Assured Career Progression at the office of executive engineer under the banner of Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam Mazdoor Union since September 27. They are demanding implementation of ACP for better facilities and enhancement in income. Jal Nigam chairman on Janury 4 this year ordered for providing group D facilities to about 13,783 field employees.Jal Nigam has discontinued the compassionate appointment of about 4141 persons. Reduction has also been made in number of medical and earned leaves and pension has also been reduced to about Rs 3,500. In addition, the employees are agitated over curtailment made in the order related to ACP.All these issues would be discussed on October 29 meeting. State president of the union Hyat Singh Rawat and general secretary RP Shakya will also attend the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909682", "title": "Open learning", "text": "In line with the mandate of developing quality content and video lectures, etc, for students, the Institute of Lifelong Learning (ILLL), DU, has created a database of study material . \"This is in line with the vicechancellor's vision of making education for all a reality. We have created a comprehensive open education resource website for students (www.vle.du.ac.in) through which students from any university will be able to access quality study material . New fellows have joined and are creating more material for the website in subjects like political science, geology, botany, economics, commerce and history for students at the UG level in both English and Hindi,\" says Ramesh Gautam, director , ILLL.Earlier, North and South Campus had separate ILLL portals, but they have been merged to provide a virtual learning environment. The portal is hosted in the DU domain. \"Under the plan of the HRD ministry , the site has been made interactive and engages with students through audio-visuals , interviews, podcasts, etc, while the learning process has been made interesting through the use of quiz, labs, MCQs, interactive modules.\"The website will be inclusive for students with special needs (audiovideo ). The material has been designed in a way that students can download the PDF version, print the course material, also browse through a video as well as go through the transcript of the video,\" informs Gautam. The aim of the project is to accommodate students from the School of Open Learning and the non-collegiate board and those who study in the Hindi medium. \"About 70% of students study through the Hindi medium and struggle to have access to quality material,\" he says.The website has links to the open courseware of Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Indira Gandhi National Open University and IIT to trigger critical thinking and going beyond one's course. \"We are also planning to launch a cluster of e-journals in humanities and social sciences where we would publish the best research and student journals,\" added Saumanyu Sathpathy, joint director, ILLL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907683", "title": "Nurse administered vaccine in a faulty manner", "text": "JAIPUR: Initial findings in the case of 36 children who fell ill after DPT vaccination indicated that the auxilliary nurse &amp; midwife (ANM), who was doing the vaccination work in Sirohi, was 'ignorant' of the job.The affected children were administered DPT vaccines on Saturday after that they had developed fever and the spot on the leg where they were given injection turned reddish. A day after the incident, a medical team met all the children on Sunday to find out their condition.Child health officer, Sirohi, Dr Dinesh Sharma, who is investigating into the issue said: \"We went to the houses of all the children who fell ill. All the children are fine now. They would remain under observation for three days.\"Sharma said that it would take a couple of days to complete the investigation. \"Initially we found that the ANM had administrated the DPT injection on the interior part of the leg though it should have been on the outer part of the leg,\" he said.The intention of administering DPT vaccination was not wrong but the way the ANM administered the vaccination was not as per the guidelines. \"The ANM knew the guidelines of DPT vaccination well but she did not follow it while administering it,\" he said.The medical health and family welfare department has taken action against the ANM and put her on awaiting posting orders. The department officials claimed that the ANMs are constantly being trained about how to administer the vaccines to children. The ANMs are also trained about different vaccines which are administered at different ages to the children to fight against various diseases.Last year, two children had died when a male ANM had administered contaminated vaccines to the children in Nagaur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913694", "title": "Pasanga 2 by Vijay Milton", "text": "Vijay Milton is the latest to join the list of cinematographers who have turned directors. The long list includes PC Sreeram, Santhosh Sivan, KV Anand and Ravi K Chandran. Milton has cranked the camera for films like Kaadhal and Vazhakku En 18/9 . Now, he will direct the sequel to the hit film, Pasanga 2 and will feature the same four kids who were a part of Pasanga - Pakkoda Pandi, Jeeva, Kishore and Kutty Mani. The film's story deals with kids who are on the verge of adulthood. Pandiraj, director will be penning the dialogues for Pasanga 2 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16912882", "title": "Australian artistes enthrall at OZ fest", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Music and dance lovers got a treat with Oz Fest, held at Rajarani temple in the city on Saturday. An enthralling performance by aboriginal musicians Geoffrey Gurrumul Yunupingu and Mark Atkins along with traditional Gotipua and Ghoda Nacha of Odisha was much appreciated by all present.Inaugurating the fest, chief minister Naveen Patnaik said, \"Culture is a strong and important prospect which I believe can bring the people of two countries closer and open the vistas in different areas of co-operation to work together. Our state is potentially very rich in minerals and also culturally vibrant with innumerable folk dances and music. The government of Odisha is keen to explore possibilities to work together with the Australian government in different sectors for the development of our state and well-being of our people.\"Renowned Australian musician Mark Atkins began the concert by playing the didgeridoo -- a traditional aboriginal pipe instrument. \"I was surprised how he could play the pipe nonstop for nearly half an hour. And from one instrument he could bring out so many different sounds,\" exclaimed Asima Pani, a member of the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "tripoli", "code": "16907518", "title": "Muammar Gaddafi son killed in Libya unrest", "text": "TRIPOLI: About 500 protesters broke into the Libyan parliament's grounds on Sunday to demand an end to violence in Bani Walid, a former stronghold of late Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, that is being shelled by militiamen from a rival town.Militias, from Misrata and aligned with the defence ministry, have been shelling for several days. State news agency LANA on Sunday said 22 people had been killed and 200 wounded in the fighting.Media reports also claimed that Khamis Gaddafi, Gaddafi's youngest son was one of those killed during Saturday's fighting,Libyan National Congress spokesman, Omar Hamdan, said the 28-year-old died 'in battle', the Daily Mail reported. But, there are conflicting accounts of whether Khamis was killed during conflict or died of fatal wounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912425", "title": "Balakrishna unveils Okkadine audio", "text": "Natasimha Nandamuri Balakrishna was the star attraction at the audio release of Nara Rohit-starrer Okkadine, which took place on Sunday in Hyderabad. Okkadine, directed by Srinivas Raga and produced by CV Reddy, has singer Karthik making his debut as a music director.Speaking on this occasion, Balakrisha said that he was very happy with the tunes of the film and wished the team all success. Chintapalli Ramana is providing the dialogues and Nithya Menon is playing the female lead in this action romance. others who attended the audio include Krishnam Raju, Nagababu, director Sagar, Ramjogayya Sastry, producer Damodar Prasad, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16907841", "title": "Ragpicker spots body in Thane", "text": "THANE: A woman was found dead, presumably murdered, in the bushes alongside the Bhiwandi bypass close to the Lodha complex here on Sunday.The still be to be indentified woman, said to be in her early 30s, is suspected to have been assaulted with a weapon before being dumped along the busy highway. The body was discovered by a worker collecting rubbish from the area who then alerted the police. The police are making inquiries and also searching for any missing complaint filed in the recent weeks.Police officials at Kasarvadavli told TOI that the women is possibly married and that injuries inflicted from a sharp weapon were visible on her face and abdomen.The post-mortem will reveal the nature of the wounds and the cause of the death. The body has been sent to the Thane civil hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16907863", "title": "Rice millers to go on strike on October 25", "text": "GONDIA: All rice mills in the state are going observe one day's strike on October 25, in protest against the hike in the rates of electricity consumption. This was announced by president of Gondia District Rice Millers' Association Gajanan Agrawal in a press conference held here on Sunday.Stating that the cost of electricity in Maharashtra is higher than other neighbouring states, Agrawal announced the per unit rates of electricity consumption in neighbouring rice producing states like Chhattisgarh (Rs5.25), MP (Rs5.85), Gujarat (Rs5.50), Karnataka (Rs5.25) and Andhra Pradesh (Rs5.70) against Rs8.51 per unit in Maharashtra.He said that the hike in the rate of power consumption in Maharashtra will naturally increase the cost of production of rice. \"We shall not be able to stand in competition with these states and it is apprehended that our paddy business to these states will be affected\", he said.He added that the power hike will not only affect rice trade, but all the industries in the state too. The state which was once No. one in the country in industrialization, might be thrown out of competition, he said.Others who were present in the press conference were secretary Ashook Agrawal, former President Damodar Agrawal, Ashok Agrawal and Dinesh Dadariwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907837", "title": "SMS perverts use fake papers to hoodwink cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The incessant ringing of her cellphone in the dead of the night woke up Reema (name changed) from her deep slumber. The Chembur resident, who works as an executive with a private firm, answered the phone, only to hear the maniacal laughter of a man. A few days later, Reema was startled when received an obscene text message from the same number. To make matters worse, Reema's two female flatmates also started receiving vulgar SMSes from the same number. The women approached the police, but to no avail. \"The man laughed at us and said the cops will never find him as he had procured six SIM cards using fake documents,\" said Reema.The cops traced the number to a Goregaon man and learnt that he was unaware that his papers had been used to obtain the SIM card.Reema and her flatmates are not alone. Many women who are still waiting for the perverts who harassed them through obscene SMSes and emails to be brought to justice. Investigators, too, admit that very rarely do such persons get caught. \"Mobile service providers do not thoroughly check documents while giving out SIM cards. This negligent approach helps the perverts get away with their crime,\" said an officer. \"In fact, many offenders challenge us to trace them. They are emboldened by the fact that the number can't be traced back to them.\"According to the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), Mumbai has earned the dubious distinction of being the city with the most number of registered cases of sexual harassment or obscenity through SMS, MMS or email. Between 2007 and 2012 (till August), 84 such cases were registered in the city. When it comes to states, Maharashtra, too, doesn't fare better. The NCRB data shows that Maharashtra has the third highest number of such cases (169) registered in the country in the same period.Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"We will take up the matter with the information technology ministry so that proper action is taken against erring service providers.\"A spokesperson of one of the leading telecom operators said the police were trying to pass the buck by blaming the operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909132", "title": "CAT crash course on mobile phones", "text": "Bharti Airtel , in association with Hungama mobile, has announced the launch of 'CAT Fastrack' pack, which is a 30-day crash course for CAT aspirants. Through this course, Airtel mobile customers can learn the CAT tricks on their mobiles. The course comprises tutorial videos, practice sessions, SMS tips, mini-CATs and mock tests, which will also help MBA aspirants who are preparing for XAT, MAT, SNAP and FMS, among others. Students can select from a daily pack at Rs 10, per-day for 30 days or a 30-day pack at Rs 199. For more, visit m.crackcat.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "centurion", "code": "16912316", "title": "Auckland take on hapless Scorchers in CLT20", "text": "CENTURION: A semifinal berth seems like distant possibility for Auckland Aces but the New Zealand side will look to keep itself in the calculations by taming the demoralised Perth Scorchers when the two teams lock horns in their final round-robin Champions League Twenty20 match on Tuesday.Auckland had not put a foot wrong in the tournament till they faced the Titans. The New Zealand side started its campaign on a rampaging note winning both its qualifiers comprehensively to make the main draw from pool 1.They also started the Group A journey with a thumping victory over IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders but the Titans stopped their juggernaut with a 59-run victory and then luck also deserted them as rain washed out their match against the Delhi Daredevils without a ball being bowled.Auckland are now now placed fourth in Group A with six points. Delhi and Titans with 10 and 8 points are already the front-runners to seal a semifinal berth.Gareth Hopkins's side will look to bring itself into contention with a big victory tomorrow and also hope that Delhi beat Titans comprehensively in the next match to salvage its hopes of a last-minute entry to the semis.The Aces have so far rode on the all-round performance of former Pakistani player Azhar Mahmood and their opening duo of Martin Guptill and Lou Vincent.The day they failed, Auckland found themselves in the lurch and the onus would be on them to once again come to their team's rescue tomorrow.Kyle Mills and Michael Bates will shoulder the responsibility of delivering with the ball.Perth Scorchers, on the other hand, have an experienced team with many international players but have failed to make a mark in the tournament.They started with a loss against Titans and were left disappointed after heavens opened in the second game against Kolkata and last night's three-wicket loss to Delhi was the final nail in the coffin for them.The only motivation for the Australian side now will be to spoil whatever chances Auckland have in the tournament with a victory tomorrow and head back home on a positive note.Teams (from): Auckland: Gareth Hopkins (c), Andre Adams , Azhar Mahmood, Michael Bates, Bradley Cachopa, Colin de Grandhomme, Martin Guptill, Ronnie Hira, Anaru Kitchen, Mitchell McClenaghan, Bruce Martin , Chris Martin , Kyle Mills, Colin Munro, Lou Vincent.Perth Scorchers: Marcus North (c), Tom Beaton, Michael Beer, Paul Collingwood , Nathan Coulter-Nile, Ryan Duffield, Ben Edmondson, Herschelle Gibbs , Brad Hogg , Simon Katich , Mitchell Marsh , Shaun Marsh , Joe Mennie, Nathan Rimmington , Luke Ronch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16907869", "title": "Milk shortage looms as supplies dry up in Nagapur", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur city and district is struggling to meet its demand for milk. The total milk procurement in Nagpur division comprising six districts - Nagpur, Wardha, Bhandara, Gondia, Chandrapur and Gadchiroli - does not meet the demand of Nagpur district alone. Against a demand of over four lakh litres, the Government Milk Scheme, cooperative federations and private dairies get only 78,984 litres milk daily.The total milk procurement in the region is around 3.53 lakh litres a day, reveals statistics provided by the Nagpur Region Milk Scheme. Among the six districts, Bhandara district tops with around 1.87 lakh litres milk procurement daily and Gadchiroli district is at the bottom with only 1,300 litres per day, said a senior dairy development officer.He pointed out that in the region, 80% of the milk requirement is met by procurement from other states like Tamil Nadu , Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh as cattle rearing is fast declining due to soaring costs including that of providing fodder to cattle. \"Dry straw (hay) used to feed cattle has become scarce due to decline in area under rice cultivation. It has become necessary for dairy farmers to start growing green fodder (grass) if they wish to continue rearing milch cattle,\" he added.Former Zilla Parishad vice-president Nitin Rathi blamed the decline in milk production to state government's poor policy as there was no scheme to promote the dairy business. \"In Europe, a cow gives around 40 litres of milk per day, as against about 12 litres a day here,\" he pointed out. Citing an example, he said that Nandagomukh village in Saoner tehsil used to produce 2,000 litres of milk daily until a couple of years ago. \"Now it is around 500 litres per day,\" he claimed.Most private vendors have been procuring milk from outside the state. Milk production in the region has declined sharply, rued private dairy players. This has pushed the costs also, they said, adding: \"We spend quite a lot of money on transporting milk from other states and districts.\"\"We have been procuring 2 lakh litres of milk daily from outside Maharashtra since many months,\" confirmed spokesperson of a private dairy firm. This is in addition to procurement of about 50,000 litres of milk daily from within Nagpur district, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16910881", "title": "Brangelina &amp; Jamie Oliver enjoy their hang out together", "text": "British chef Jamie Oliver has revealed that he and the Hollywood couple, Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie , get together on a casual basis and when they do, they enjoy having all their kids play together .The 37-year-old restaurateur, who has four children, Poppy, 10, Daisy, nine, Petal, three and Buddy, two, with wife Jules Oliver said, \"Brad watches a lot of cooking shows, but he hasn't asked me for any lessons yet, so no.\"\"Brad and Angelina have a lovely family, with kids all over the place like ours,\" Contactmusic quoted him as saying in an interview with Closer magazine.\"We see them about once a year because we have mutual friends. When they're doing something over here, we get together and have a laugh,\" he added.But he doesn't know if he will be invited to their wedding - and doesn't even know when it will happen.\"Am I expecting an invitation to their wedding? No. I don't even know when they're getting married!\" he added to the magazine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909089", "title": "India to run out of phone numbers by next year", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16912407", "title": "2.6 lakh students given health cards in district", "text": "MANGALORE: With the distribution of 33,000 more health cards, the number of students benefiting from Suvarna Arogya Chaitanya Scheme in Dakshina Kannada district reached 2.6 lakh.The scheme was launched with the objective of helping students who suffer from diseases. Students from class I to class X may use the card to get treatments including heart surgery free of cost. The process of distribution of cards has been completed in the district.Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan assistant project coordinator K Peethambara told TOI that the scheme has been implemented very effectively in the district.\"In addition to 932 government schools, the scheme has been extended to all aided and unaided schools. All diseases that requires hospitalization will be treated free of cost under the scheme. There is no maximum amount ceiling and the health department will provide all necessary treatment to students under the scheme,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16909712", "title": "\u2018Row\u2019 over rock phosphate reserves", "text": "JAIPUR: The states' monopoly over exploration and production of rock phosphate in the country's largest reserves is not only hitting farmers but also increasing the Centre's subsidy burden as the prices of the commodity in the international market have gone through the roof.Even though the Union mines ministry has written to the Rajasthan government early this year to liberalise the sector, the state has initiated no action in this regard. The ministry, in a letter on February 29, said, \"The state government of Rajasthan should immediately review its mineral policy regarding reserving mineral bearing areas in favour of M/s RSMML since it is not in conformity with the provisions of Section 17A of the MMDR Act, 1957.\"In the minutes of the mining ministry's meeting attached with the letter, joint secretary, department of fertilizer , stated, \"The policy restriction of the state government of Rajasthan to reserve areas for exclusive mining of fertilizer by RSSML was seriously impacting the growth plan.\"Sudhanshu Pant, principal secretary, department of mines and petroleum, said the department has received a couple of communications from the Central mines ministry regarding reviewing the current policy on rock phosphate , but he said the government has not taken a final decision on the matter.Rock phosphate is a major ingredient for making SSP and DAP fertilizers and India imports almost 85% of it, even though the country, according to the Geological Survey of India , has an estimated 250 million tonne (mt) reserves with 150 mt of it is expected to be in the fertilizer grade.Against the annual demand of 10 mt, India produces only 1.5 mt with 1.2 mt coming from Rajasthan. While the state sits over more than 80 mt out of 150 mt reserves, it has made no significant addition to its capacity in the recent years.Currently, the mining and production of rock phosphate in Rajasthan is being carried out by the state PSU, Rajasthan State Mining and Minerals Ltd (RSMML), and its current known reserves account for 10 mt, which will last 7-8 years. Madhya Pradesh with about 51 mt of reserves has taken policy initiatives to open up the sector to private players. India imports rock phosphates from countries like Egypt, Bangladesh, Morocco , US, Middle East and China and international prices have more than doubled in the last three years. In 2009, rock phosphate prices were ruling at $90 per metric tonne, but it is currently trading at $185/mt on spot markets.\"When we have resources, it doesn't make sense to import . Rising prices of rock phosphate is increasing the cost of fertilizer in the country ,\" said S C Gupta, joint secretary , department of fertilizer . Rock phosphate produced in India is of lower quality ranging between 24-25 %, which is blended with higher grade to achieve 31-32 % level suitable for making fertilizers .In 20011-12 , the Centre's fertilizer subsidy reached Rs 74,000 crore. In the current financial year, the burden is expected to surpass last year's level, even though the government's budgeted estimate pegs it at Rs 65,000 crore. Opening up the sector to private players is expected to bring in investments for exploration and mining of new reserves, reduce the demand and supply gap and give the much needed breather to farmers while helping the Centre in containing fiscal deficit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16914499", "title": "Eve-teasers beware, lady cops on prowl", "text": "VARANASI: The beginning of Durga Puja celebrations may spell doom for eve-teasers as the police have decided to utilize the services of women constables to tackle the problem.Usually, during festivities the police form Goonda Daman Dal (GDD) to tackle eve-teasing, chain-snatching and menace of anti-social elements. When the security plan was prepared before the festival, the GDD was constituted on the same lines.Six GDDs were constituted to operate on the roads which remain overcrowded in the evening. Each team was headed by a sub-inspector while three constables were deployed to assist him.But, with the commencement of puja celebration, SSP BD Paulson ordered to utilize the women constables for this duty. For the first time, the availability of women constables is sufficient at all the police stations. He said that more than 50 women constables have been selected to keep sharp vigil on the activities of eve teasers and chain snatchers. He said that all the constables would stay in crowd in civil dresses and on detecting any mischievous element they would report the matter to the policemen for action.The police have initiated more measures like installing watch towers to keep vigil on the crowd. Paulson said that eight watch towers have been created at different points.Constables equipped with binoculars and wireless radio sets would stay at such towers to keep watch on the crowd and activities taking place. He said that roadside vendors have also been directed to be vigilant towards the suspicious activities and persons.The traffic diversion scheme also became effective from Sunday evening. These restrictions were visible on Teliabagh-Lahurabir-Naisadak-Godowlia-Ramapura road, Gurubag, Sonarpura, Maidagin and Maldahiya points. The entry of heavy vehicles was also restricted in many localities. Paulson said that these arrangements would remain effective till Dussehra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914365", "title": "Delnaaz inspired Aashka", "text": "Recently in Bigg Boss house when Aashka Goradia wanted to quit the game due to some reason it was Delnaaz Irani who encouraged her to get back into the house.Aashka cried and confessed in front of the cameras that she wanted to quit the game, but in came Delnaaz who is also a good friend of the former, and convinced Aashka to fight back.Delnaaz told Aashka, \"I don't know about others but for us this show is a life time opportunity and we can prove ourselves with this show. We are fighters and we have to fight back. Don't get affected by others.\"After this conversation Goradia thanked Irani and she decided to stay back. Irani who is struggling everyday in front of the cameras, co-contestants and in presence of her ex-husband Rajev is doing quite a commendable job.Bravo Delnaaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16913143", "title": "Martyr policemen remembered", "text": "KANPUR: Police Commemoration Day was celebrated at the reserve police lines here on Sunday. Glowing tributes were paid to police personnel who laid down their lives while performing their duties.Every year October 21 is observed as police commemoration day in memory of those Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel who were killed by the Chinese in 1959. Deputy inspector general of police (Range) Sunil Gupta was given guard of honour as policemen turned around their arms in memory of the martyrs. DIG Amitabh Yash honoured the widows, besides the kin of policemen who laid down their lives while serving the nation.They were presented shawls and cash reward. A large number of serving and retired police officials also took part in the function.Names of officials and police personnel who laid down their lives fighting for the nation were read out. Floral tributes were paid to the martyrs and their photographs were garlanded.A traditional police salute with 'Shok Shashtra' (by turning their weapons down) was performed by the Armed police personnel.Gupta called upon police force to keep the nation above everything in life. Superintendent and additional superintendents of police circle officers, inspectors, station house officers along with a large number of police personnel were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16914537", "title": "Poster threat to Bharat Coking Coal Limited engineer", "text": "BOKARO: Suspected Maoists pasted posters on the residence of an engineer of the Bharat Coking Coal Limited in Bokaro-Jharia area in Bermo subdivision here on Sunday.Police, however, claimed it was an act of mischief to create havoc as the patterns in which posters were written were different from the once pasted by Maoists. Officer in charge of Bokaro-Jharia outpost Ram Pyare Ram said they found posters pasted on the gate of the residence of BCCL engineer Gautam Mohanty. The posters had threat messages for CISF personnels who it alleged harass women coal pickers.\"The way posters are written seems that it is act of local people who do not want CISF personnel to stop them from illegal coal lifting. However, a case has been lodged based on complaint by Mohanty. We will soon nab the miscreants involved the crime,\" said Ram. tnnThe residents are worried following the incident as the area is Maoist-affected. Three CISF personnels and two jawans of district police were killed in a Maoist attack there in March 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16907736", "title": "Child hit by Jharkhand Mukti Morcha MLA\u2019s vehicle dies", "text": "RANCHI: A child, who was run over by the speeding four-wheeler of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) legislator Paulus Surin at Parenga village, in Simdega late on Saturday night died on Sunday. The three-and-a-half-year-old boy, Manish Minz, youngest of three siblings was admitted to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS).SP Prabhat Kumar said the child was critically-injured after the hit-and-run case. The police have registered a case against the driver for negligent and rash driving. \"We will ask the legislator to direct his driver to surrender before police,\" said the SP.The JMM legislator, however, tried to defend his driver. \"The vehicle was at a high speed and had the driver tried to brake, the car would have turned turtle. All of us travelling in the vehicle would have sustained serious injuries,\" said Surin. Explaining why he ran away from the spot instead of helping the boy's family, he said that had he stayed there the villagers would have attacked him. \"Although I left the place fearing attack by the villagers, I immediately communicated about the accident to the local police and the administrative officials and ensured that the boy reached the hospital on time,\" said the legislator.The boy's mother Suchita Minz, a health worker, who was also crossing the road with the child escaped unhurt. The boy's father is a farmer. \"He was born after two sisters and we were planning to get him admitted to an English medium school next year. All our dreams have shattered. We cannot have another child because I opted for tubectomy (a permanent sterilization technique) after Manish was born,\" said an inconsolable Suchita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913141", "title": "Ya Ya for Shiva", "text": "Shiva seems to be cashing in on his popularity as a comedy actor. The actor, who is doing the remake of Thillu Mullu has signed another film under Kiruthika Udhayanidhi's direction. He is also part of a comedy by Rajasekar, who is a former assistant of director Rajesh. The film is titled Ya Ya and is said to be on the lines of Oru Kal Oru Kannadi . And to top it all, he is also doing the sequel to his hit film Kalakalappu. It looks like it's going to be a busy time ahead for Shiva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16912770", "title": "Jarring notes echo through Gangubai's world of music", "text": "HUBLI: The variety of musical instruments and the sheer number of laurels and mementoes leave visitors to the Museum of Indian Classical Music amazed.The legendary singer's grandson Manoj Hangal narrates how he has painstakingly collected the musical instruments, which depict various cultures and eras. \"Around 30 instruments were donated to Gangubai, while I have bought the remaining. I've spent my own money and even taken loans to collect them,'' he says. The instruments gain importance for their tonal and visual beauty, and social and technical relevance.Manoj is proud of the exclusive museum, dedicated to music. \"We are the first family from any field to establish a museum,'' claims Manoj.Most of the instruments are very rare, played by the stalwarts of Indian music. It is an ecstatic experience to see them all together at one place. The Centre and state government should seriously think about preserving and protecting them. Exclusive space should be given to preserve the instruments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911120", "title": "Pay your tribute to Yash Chopra- The king of romance", "text": "The icon of Indian film industry, Yash Chopra breathed his last at Lilavati hospital on Sunday evening. He was battling dengue for over a week and was not responding to treatments. Yash Chopra, was considered 'King of romance' after giving some blockbuster hits like  Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge, Darr, Dil To Pagal Hai  and lots more. His next direction and unfortunately the last movie  Jab Tak Hai Jaan  is scheduled to release in November. Yash Chopra, the scion of Yash Raj Films, is survived by wife Pamela Chopra and sons Uday and Aditya ChopraEntire film fraternity mourns the death of this legendary film maker. But the 53 glorious years of his existence and rise in Indian cinema will never be forgottenPay your tribute to Yash Chopra- The king of romance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16911878", "title": "Cooks from Kolkata to prepare Ashtami bhog in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Rituals marking the ongoing Navratra are many, but devotees, especially Bengalis, would certainly not miss Ashtami bhog. Various associations in the city will distribute the bhog on Monday afternoon. The bhog contains mouth-watering khichdi, mixed-vegetable curry and tomato chutney topped with the rice kheer and sweets.The Bengali associations in the city have held on to the tradition for many years now. While some have retained their chefs for the past many years, others have flown in cooks from West Bengal to retain the authenticity of the cuisine.TT Nagar Kalibari Association is one such place that has four cooks from Kolkata just to prepare the bhog. Association general secretary Salil Chatterjee informed, \"There has been an overhaul in the entire operations team. Four cooks have joined us from Kolkata for the preparation of bhog this year in the traditional style. Going by the feedback of Saptami, it seems successful.\"He said on an average, around 2,000 devotees come% for the bhog at Kalibari. At BHEL Bangiya Sanskritik %Parishad, it is the members who have been at the helm %for the last 54 years.The association president Aniruddha Mitra said, \"The bhog is distributed to one and all sans caste, religion and social status. Around 10 members cook the entire spread during the two days; Ashtami and Navami. The preparations of the bhog start a day before. While women slice and dice vegetables a day in advance, cooking the bhog commences at 10 pm and goes on till about 3 am. It is distributed the next day at around 1 pm.\" \"More than 3,000 people come for the Ashtami bhog at BHEL,\" Mitra added.Arera Bangiya Parishad too has ex-BHEL employees in charge of the bhog, which is served on three days starting Saptami. It witnesses a crowd of about 1,500. \"The bhog cooks were young lads when they took charge. Now they are married, some even have children. This tradition is still intact,\" said Shipra Bhattacharya, the secretary of the association.Cultural programmes on Saptami: Various cultural programmes marked the Saptami of Durga puja around the city. Musical performance at TT Nagar Kalibari association regaled all while a dance programme directed by Rinku Mukherjee was the highlight at the Arera puja. BHEL Kalibari witnessed a famous Bengali play 'Gorur Garir Headlight.'Ashtami pushpanjali: The Ashtami pushpanjali (floral tribute), a must again for Bengalis, would be held at TT Nagar Kalibari between 12 to 2 pm on Monday. At BHEL Kalibari, it would be held between 11.30 am to 12.30 pm while at Arera puja it would commence at 12 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16908706", "title": "Masulkar Colony market unused", "text": "PUNE: The vegetable market at Masulkar Colony in Pimpri, which was built ten years back, remains unused. Vendors prefer to occupy footpaths because the market is located a little inside and the footpaths are adjacent to the Ajmera housing complex, Masulkar Colony, Vastu Udyog, Antariksha and other housing complexes. The vegetable market is at best used as a playground and a meeting place for young and old.A civic official in the land records department said that the vegetable market has three sheds which have 20 'galas' (units) each. The department had invited applications a year back for allotment of the galas on a five-year rent. While 36 people applied, only 19 of them have signed the rental agreement. The process of giving possession of 'galas' to them is still on, the official said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16910854", "title": "Relationship with Daniel Craig was pretty feisty: Sam Mendes", "text": "Sam Mendes has revealed that it was very challenging to work with Daniel Craig in 'Skyfall,' as the British actor knew the role of James Bond inside out and constantly gave his input into scenes.\"It was pretty feisty. He puts a 100 per cent of himself into it,\" Contactmusic quoted the director as saying.\"He doesn't leave anything at home. And he has opinions about everything, which is as it should be.\"But it's very odd because I've never directed an actor in a role which, in a sense, he knows better than I do. Here it's like, 'Well he's played Bond already, so I'm the newcomer',\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16912456", "title": "There is a shortage of policemen in India: District Judge", "text": "MANGALORE:: \"India has a population of over 122 crore and there is a shortage of policemen in the country to maintain the law and order,\" said Ashok G Nijagannavar, principal district and sessions court judge here on Sunday.Speaking at the Police Commemoration Day celebrations of the Dakshina Kannada district police, he said, \"Even though the department carries out the work assigned to them efficiently, it has always been criticized by the public. Instead of throwing brickbats at them, citizen should cooperate with the department.\"Earlier, superintendent of police Abhishek Goel and police commissioner Manish Kharbikar read out the names of 566 policemen, who sacrificed their lives for the country between September 2011 and August 2012. Of them, five are from Karnataka. The are head constables Venketesh, Raichur, and S Yogesh Padakanniah, Udupi and police constables - Vardaraja, Udupi, HR Bannatti, Bijapur, and Mahadev S Mane, Bangalore.IGP Western Range Pratap Reddy said as many as 636 policemen died last year.\"Policemen do not have enemies and we are working for the safety of people. If the public cooperate with us, crimes can be curbed more effectively,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16914601", "title": "Toddler hit by MLA's car dies", "text": "RANCHI: A child, who was run over by the speeding four-wheeler of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) legislator Paulus Surin at Parenga village in Simdega late on Saturday night in a hit-and-run case, died on Sunday. The three-and-half-year-old boy, Manish Minz, youngest of three siblings, was admitted to the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS).SP Prabhat Kumar said the child was critically injured after the speeding vehicle of the legislator ran over him when he suddenly came in front. The police have registered a case against the driver for negligent and rash driving. \"We will ask the legislator to direct his driver to surrender before police,\" said the SP.The JMM legislator, however, tried to defend his driver. \"The vehicle was at a high speed and had the driver tried to brake, the car would have turned turtle. All of us travelling in the vehicle would have sustained serious injuries,\" said Surin. Explaining why he ran away from the spot instead of helping the boy's family, he said that had he stayed there the villagers would have attacked him. \"Although I left the place fearing attack by the villagers, I immediately communicated about the accident to the local police and the administrative officials and ensured that the boy reached the hospital on time,\" said the legislator.The boy's mother Suchita Minz, a health worker, who was also crossing the road with the child escaped unhurt. The boy's father is a farmer. \"He was born after two sisters and we were planning to get him admitted to an English medium school next year. All our dreams have shattered. We cannot have another child because I opted for tubectomy (a permanent sterilization technique) after Manish was born,\" said an inconsolable Suchita. She said the MLA and his associates ran away from the spot instead of helping them in reaching the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "16906963", "title": "Lal Dora colonies to be extended", "text": "DELHI: CM Sheila Dikshit on Sunday promised extension of Lal Dora colonies in villages while inaugurating a bridge across Najafgarh drain at Ambarahi village in Dwarka. The bridge has been built at a cost of Rs 5 crore. The CM announced four more bridges on Najafgarh drain to provide an effective link between unauthorized colonies around Ambarahi and Dwarka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16907407", "title": "Garbage taints festive mood in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Dasara festivities are picking up. But there is already a deluge of garbage on city roads. With over 15,000 metric tonnes of garbage laying uncleared in the city, residents stare at a catastrophe of sorts as waste generation is likely to increase in the next couple of days.According to a BBMP garbage contractor, 20% more waste, mostly wet, is generated during festival season.\"During Dasara, we get another 400 truckloads of pumpkin, cucumber, lemon and plantain leaves. The wet waste generation is high. For three days now there has been no collection of garbage from the market and the entire area is stinking. Three trucks loaded with vegetable waste is lying inside the market,\" said RV Gopi, president, Wholesale Vegetable Merchants Association, Kalasipalyam market.\"Why can't the pure wet waste generated in the market be directly given to farmers? BBMP has been talking of selling wet waste to farmers or installing bio-fuel units but nothing has been done here,\" he said.BBMP, meanwhile, has issued a circular on an action plan for disposal of bio-waste generated during Ayudha Puja and Bakrid this week.Prohibition of indiscriminate dumping of wet waste and handing over of the same to garbage disposal vehicles has been made mandatory.Speaking to TOI, BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said the Palike will do everything to clean up the city by Ayudha Puja, which falls on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909491", "title": "Couple held for cheating depositors", "text": "CHENNAI: A couple was arrested on Sunday for running a chit fund that owed money to depositors. Police said Jeevandan and Easwari from Madhavaram were arrested for cheating depositors of 70 lakh.Fifteen depositors from across the city had filed a petition with the police against the couple. One of the depositors and a resident of VOC Nagar, Thenmozhi, said the couple had been running a fund for the last few months. The couple had said they would return the money to the investors, mostly coolies, by Diwali.As many as 15 people had joined the fund to meet their expenses for this year's Diwali. As per the agreement, the couple should have returned the amount along with fireworks. The investment ranged from 10 to 200 a day for 365 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911302", "title": "Yash Chopra called me after every film: Vidya Balan", "text": "Lights, camera, action! Bollywood was at its glamorous best on Sunday evening (21st October) until the news about the sad demise of the director, who rewrote how Indian cinema defines love, relationship and family values-Yash Chopra.In the 80s with movies like Silsila , Chandni and many such romantic flicks, Yash Chopra gave people a new canvas where romance was deftly painted with glamour, music and charm. Two decades later Vidya Balan , who grew up watching his films take a step back and immerse herself in the moments where she shared space, career and her heart with legendary film maker Yash Chopra.Vidya in an exclusive conversation with TOI said, \"He was the most gracious person I have come across. He defined glamour for Indian audiences and his films always struck a chord. Few have been able to capture the hopeless complexity of the man -woman relationship like Yashji has.\"Vidya fondly shared her memories of Yash uncle and expressed, \"After the release of Kahaani , I got a call from an unknown London number, but I missed the call then got a message from Yashji 's number saying I'm trying to call you. I called back and he congratulated me saying I believe your film is doing very well. Congratulations!\"Vidya went on, \"Even last year when he read in the papers that I was unwell, he called to find out how I was doing. He called after every film and he also called me on every birthday since I joined the industry. What more can I say?\"\"I didn't get a chance to work with him, though his warmth and affection have always overwhelmed me. God bless his soul and may he rest in peace,\" concluded the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16912610", "title": "DVS not to speak against Yeddyurappa", "text": "MANGALORE: Former chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has decided not to speak against senior BJP leader BS Yeddyurappa as long as he is an active party member.Speaking to reporters here on Sunday he said, \"I will not criticize Yeddyurappa when he is in the party. There is no need of giving a dissent definition to the exchange of words between Yeddyurappa and KS Eshwarappa. Like brothers they keep on arguing and there is nothing controversial in it,\" Gowda said.On Yeddyurappa holding a convention in Shimoga, Gowda said, \"It is just a meeting of his associates .\"Gowda added that the allegations levelled against BJP president Nitin Gadkari was far from truth. \"It is the habit of some people to always criticize,\" he added. He also said that CM would soon take a decision on cabinet expansion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909192", "title": "HC hearing on reserved plots set for Dec 3", "text": "NASHIK: The hearing for the 23 reserved plots that are in the last stage of getting dereserved has been scheduled for December 3. These lands were reserved for hospitals, gardens, libraries and police chowky and were not acquired by the NMC since 1993.Out of the 91 such cases throughout the state that are pending in the Bombay high court, 27 cases were from Nashik alone. The estate manager of the NMC said that out of the 27 cases, one owner took the transfer of developmental rights (TDR) while three are pending with the Supreme Court for notification under section 6 of the Land Acquisition Act (declaration that the land is required for public purpose), while in one case, the land has been de-reserved but the NMC has filed a review petition for the same. \"So we now have 23 cases that will be heard on December 3. This will be heard along with all other similar cases across the state,\" he said.Meanwhile, at a recent meeting of the general body when the issue of the 23 cases were put up for discussion, the Shiv Sena said that the lands should be acquired under section 17 clause 1 of the Land Acquisition Act (take possession of any land needed for public purpose). City mayor Yatin Wagh has asked the administration to see what can be done about this.An NMC official said that going forward, the NMC will put up review petitions because it had completed all the formalities after which the onus lied on the revenue department. The official said that he was hopeful that the NMC would win the cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909311", "title": "Vacationers fail to alert cops about locked-up houses", "text": "CHENNAI: Most city residents do not appear to be entirely convinced by police strategies to prevent crime, in particular the locked-house register scheme.Registers are maintained in every police station and residents leaving town are to record in them the time and date of their departure and arrival to help patrolling police and beat personnel make regular checks of their residences.But few people seem to be using these registers. And among the many reasons, sources say, is residents' reluctance to publicise their absence from the city. Another reason, says Madras high court lawyer M Parthiban, is the \"belief that many police personnel have a nexus with criminals and that advertising their absence could be an invitation to thieves.\"However, there are a few exceptions . In Anna Nagar, says deputy commissioner of police Prem Anand Sinha, \"There are rows of individual houses and many people voluntarily inform us of their absence. Some send emails which are forwarded to the inspector concerned . So far, no inicidents of crime have been reported from the houses whose owners have signed in the locked-house register .\"A senior police officer says, \"In the recent burglary at the house of retired finance department official Devaraj, close to the residence of police commissioner S George, the owner didn't inform local police about his absence. Devaraj is a relative of a senior police officer, but he didn't have alert the police.\"Police say they are making efforts to curb the growing incidence of crime but add that they are not getting support from the people. According to police statistics, a mere 50-100 complaints are received every day in a city with a population of nearly 75 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16913040", "title": "Generations have changed, but Congress slogan of 'Garibi Hatao' remains: Nitin Gadkari", "text": "INDORE: Country's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru gave a call to remove poverty, his daughter Indira Gandhi also gave the same slogan, then it was repeated by Rajiv Gandhi and now the great grandson of Nehru - Rahul Gandhi is also talking about removing poverty. Generations have changed, but the slogan remains the same, said national president of BJP Nitin Gadkari here on Sunday, while addressing a programme organised by Friends of BJP here.\"Now it's time we thought about the policies on which country is running for the last 65 years,\" said Gadkari, adding that it has become difficult for the poor people to live.This is mainly because of the wrong economic policies and bad and corrupt governance of the ruling party, he said.\"There is no dearth of money and talent in the country, still we are backward because of wrong policies,\" said Gadkari adding that country need to have long-term vision for development.He said agriculture is very important for the country's large population and it is directly linked to irrigation facility.However, till now no serious effort has been made to address the irrigation needs.\"Until now approximately Rs 5.6 lakh crore have been invested in PSU, which failed to serve its purpose, but our policies completely ignored irrigation that would have helped improve the lives of millions,\" said Gadkari.To drive his point home, he said that three years back Madhya Pradesh had around 7 lakh hectares of land under irrigation and it has agricultural growth of 2.4 per cent, today around 21 lakh hectares of land is under irrigation and agriculture growth is 18.96 per cent annually, which is the highest in the country. If we would have given priority to irrigation, the country would have become developed by now, he said.He further said that there is no problem with the system, democracy is the best available system, the problem is with the policies.If our villages are developed, it will ultimately solve many urban problems, as in case farming became profitable venture then people will not migrate to cities to reside in slums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16909040", "title": "Anti-gravity yoga is America's latest fitness craze", "text": "LONDON: Anti-gravity yoga which requires you to move acrobatically, often in mid-air, with the help of hammocks made from parachute silk, has become the latest fitness craze in US.Anti-gravity yoga improves blood flow to the thyroid and pituitary glands, which is believed to boost hormone function.It is the brainchild of American choreographer Christopher Harrison, co-founder of Cirque du Soleil , the Daily Mail reported.\"The hammock is so supportive that almost anyone can try more difficult poses, such as turning upside down, without risk,\" said Gillian Reeves, National Group Exercise Manager at Virgin Active.The warm-up includes looping your arms around the swathes of fabric and leaning backwards.People hold on to the hammocks for balance while standing on one leg and buttocks clenched. Eventually, both feet are placed in the hammock and arms on the floor in a position called 'a plank'.The inversion is introduced after a few moves. Easing the bottom on to the hammock, people lean backwards, and then carefully wrap their legs around the silk, turning upside down.The scary bit is letting go, but the sensation of dangling from the ceiling is exhilarating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "16911166", "title": "Pakistan XI beat World XI in 2nd exhibition T20 match", "text": "KARACHI: The second exhibition Twenty20 match between the International World XI and Pakistan Stars XI ended peacefully and amidst fanfare and fireworks allowing Pakistanis to celebrate the return of of international cricket to the country after nearly three-and-a-half years.A crowd of around 25,000 again turned up to see the Pakistan Stars XI beat the visitors by six wickets with nearly four overs to spare last night.But the big surprise was the appearance of disgraced wicketkeeper, Zulqarnain Haider for the local side.Sources said he was specially included in the team on the instructions of a senior PCB official, Intikhab Alam who is keen to see if Haider has any cricket left in him after being involved in numerous controversies since his Test debut in 2010.Had it not been for a blistering 42 from 16 balls from last man, Nantie Hayward the International World XI would not have been able to make a respectable 142 in 20 overs after being put into bat by Shoaib Malik who captained the local side in place of Shahid Afridi , who had left to perform Haj.Hayward hit four sixes and three fours in an entertaining knock. Apart from Hayward, only three other batsmen of the visiting side reached double figures, including 25-run knock by opener Andre Seymore and 14 by Adam Sanford.For the hosts left arm-spinner Faraz Ahmed took three wickets for 20 runs while pacer Tabish Khan grabbed two wickets to follow up on his hat trick in the first match.Imran Nazir and Shahzaib Hasan once again entertained the crowd with a opening stand of 87 in under eight overs as they hit sixes and fours at will against the depleted World XI bowling.Nazir, who scored 53 from 33 balls, hit two sixes in the first over by Andre Nel while Hasan contributed 39.Understandably the organisers of the two matches were over the moon after the game as the chairman of the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) Zaka Ashraf also showed up for the match.For the first match on Saturday a fullhouse of around 32 to 34,000 were in attendance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16907970", "title": "Situation in J&K; conducive for phased AFSPA revocation: Omar Abdullah", "text": "SRINAGAR: J&K; chief minister Omar Abdullah on Sunday maintained that the situation in the state was conducive for partial revocation of the draconian Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) that gives security forces sweeping powers to shoot to kill, detain people with warrants and immunity from prosecution.\"I will continue to pursue the mission of withdrawal of the AFSPA even if Army has publically expressed its reservation for lifting the law. I will still stress for the phased withdrawal of the law from some parts of the state,\" Omar told reporters on the sidelines of a function.He said the government should have made more progress for its withdrawal given the improved situation in the state over a period of time. ``Militancy in Kashmir is at an all time low and there has been a reduction in the number of casualties as well,'' he said. \"There are areas in the state where you do not require Army for operations and as such this is high time to revoke the law.''The CM's statement comes days after Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde ruled out the AFSPA revocation and a terror strike on Srinagar outskirts that killed one civilian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "16908569", "title": "Only Chiranjeevi can save Congress: C Ramachandraiah", "text": "TIRUPATI: Three months after creating a flutter with his remark that people of Andhra Pradesh want to see Chiranjeevi as chief minister, endowments minister and former PRP leader C Ramachandraiah was at it again.He said if Chiranjeevi was not given due importance, the Congress party would bite the dust in the next elections. Not stopping at that, he padded up for his former PRP leaders, demanding that they be given due importance while filling up nominated posts for strengthening the Congress party. He said a particular community has already deserted the Congress and if efforts are not made to woo them back, the Congress faces a bleak future. He said Chiranjeevi's hands should be strengthened. \"The party will automatically gain if Chiranjeevi is at the helm,\" he told newsmen here on Sunday. He said if efforts were being made to weaken his leader, the loser would be Congress only.Ramachandraiah had caused a commotion on July 28 in Dwaraka Tirumala near Eluru by asserting that the people of Andhra Pradesh wanted to see Chiranjeevi as their chief minister. Ramachandraiah had also assured the Kapu community members that the wish of the people (to see Chiranjeevi as CM) would be fulfilled soon. Earlier, the minister visited Vakula Matha temple at Peruru Banda near Tirupati.He said all the problems relating to the ancient temple would be sorted out and the temple restored.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16907266", "title": "Jarring notes echo through Gangubai's world of music", "text": "HUBLI: The variety of musical instruments and the sheer number of laurels and mementoes leave visitors to the Museum of Indian Classical Music amazed.The legendary singer's grandson Manoj Hangal narrates how he has painstakingly collected the musical instruments, which depict various cultures and eras. \"Around 30 instruments were donated to Gangubai, while I have bought the remaining. I've spent my own money and even taken loans to collect them,'' he says. The instruments gain importance for their tonal and visual beauty, and social and technical relevance.Manoj is proud of the exclusive museum, dedicated to music. \"We are the first family from any field to establish a museum,'' claims Manoj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16908525", "title": "Blood banks struggle to cope with dengue", "text": "TRICHY: In the wake of the dengue outbreak, relatives of patients in some districts in Trichy region are thronging blood banks as there is a high need for platelets.The situation prevails in Nagapattinam, Thanjavur and Pudukkottai districts, where the viral fever is spreading. Patients from those areas are being treated in government hospitals as well as private hospitals in Trichy. As many as 18 patients from Trichy are being treated at the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital. Besides that, some patients are undergoing treatment in private hospitals too.Many patients have recovered from the fever in the initial stage. However, some are severely affected, bringing down their platelet count which can be fatal. Hence, they must be infused with platelets that are extracted from blood. Those who are under treatment in government hospitals can get platelets from government blood banks. However, patients in private hospitals have to approach private blood banks.A private doctor said, \"A normal individual should have around four lakh platelets in his blood. But the count gets reduced if the patient reaches the fourth stage of dengue. Such patients desperately need platelets to be infused at regular intervals.\"However, platelets cannot be extracted from blood that is refrigerated. It can be extracted only from fresh blood which is not available easily. Moreover, platelets should be infused in the patients' bloodstream within a few hours, otherwise the power of the cells is lost.A technician from a private blood bank in Trichy told TOI, \"It takes five hours to extract platelets from blood. Following the sudden demand of platelets for dengue patients from other districts, blood banks are running short of blood to supply patients affected by other diseases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907803", "title": "Lapses in door-to-door garbage collection scheme", "text": "JAIPUR: The contract firm responsible for door-to-door garbage collection in the city is finding it difficult to implement the scheme due to the ongoing protest of Rajasthan Mehtar Mazdoor Sangh. After receiving notices twice to start the work in the respective wards, the firm under police protection started collecting garbage in Sanjay Nagar market area. However, the sanitation committee chairman claimed it was a mere formality.Sanitation committee chairman Roshan Saini said, \"The firm does not have adequate resources and staff. This is the reason it is unable to maintain cleanliness in most of the wards even after 20 days of the scheme's implementation.\" He added, \"Despite issuing notices, the firm has failed and we will forward the request to the state government to blacklist the company, action will be taken soon.\"The councilors also criticized the firm for using police protection again and again. Recently, thousands of sanitation workers created a ruckus during the inauguration of the door to-door garbage collection scheme when they clashed with the private employees. \"It was necessary to resolve with issue before starting the scheme,\" said a member.In the first phase, the firm had to start collection from 21 wards which included 17 wards of Hawa Mahal east and west zone and four wards of Civil Lines zone. The company was also responsible for garbage collection, sweeping the roads and dumping the waste. The company claims that the work has been successfully implemented in wards 60 &amp; 61. However, the ward councilor claimed that the JMC ( Jaipur Municipal Corporation) is collecting only garbage. Sunita Akar, councillor of ward 61 said, \"Despite paying money to the firm, the JMC is using its resources to collect only garbage.\"Meanwhile, Suresh Kalyani, president, Rajasthan Mehtar Mazdoor Sangh said, \"We have been working for the cleanliness of the city for so many years and the government is now introducing private players which we will not accept.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "16914578", "title": "Mineral Area Development Authority staff stir enters third day", "text": "DHANBAD: Over 1800 employees of the Mineral Area Development Authority (MADA) continued their indefinite strike on the third consecutive day resulting in poor sanitation and suspension of drinking water supply in the mines bearing areas of Bokaro and Dhanbad districts during Dussehra.Striking employees held a demonstration at Katrasgarh on Sunday morning and damaged the MADA branch office. They had gone on an indefinite strike last Friday demanding payment of their due wages denied to them for the last 19 months.The employees said they had been denied regular wages and had go to go on strike last year as well. They were paid a part of their wages in June 2011 when the state government had released Rs 94 lakhs.Lakshman Singh, general secretary of the MADA Employees Union said the employees were compelled to go on strike as the authority did not pay the arrears even during Durga Puja. He said, \"The monthly wage bill of the MADA was Rs 62 crore which they have been denied.\"MADA looks after sanitation, drinking water supply, town planning and environment protection in the mineral producing areas of Bokaro and Dhanbad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16911897", "title": "Doctoral programme pact between AU, CBMR", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Nurturing collaboration between the Centre of Biomedical Magnetic Resonance (CBMR) of Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS), Lucknow and the Allahabad University, the two institutions would soon launch a joint doctoral (PhD) programme. The two institutes would be signing a memorandum of understanding (MoU) after which a candidate can pursue PhD under the co-supervision of faculty of CBMR and AU.To expedite plan for signing the MoU, a five members committee met at AU recently and recommended steps to be taken to enhance the collaboration. The members include Dean Research and Development, Prof N R Farooqi, Professor in charge, Academic programmes, Prof R K Singh, head of the department of Psychology, A K Dalal, head of the Centre of Behavioural and Cognitive Sciences (CBCS) Prof Narayanan Srinivasan and AU Registrar, Prof J N Mishra.Sources told TOI that the CBMR, SGPGI, Lucknow had proposed to institute a doctoral programme with support of its collaborating institutions under the parameters of the inter-institutional agreements. The said institution will award doctoral degree as per the provisions of their doctoral programme. After signing the MoU between AU and CBMR, the latter will release the national advertisement for a course for which it has already received funds from the DST, which are to be utilised before March 31, 2013. The CBMR course will be open only to CSIR/UGC NET qualified candidates and the course work will count towards the fulfillment of the requirements of pre-doctoral courses of respective institutions as per their provisions for their doctoral programmes. The advertisement will mention AU as a participating institution as CBMR is part of AU's IIDS (Institute of Inter-disciplinary studies).The five members committee from both the organisations with members to be nominated by the Director, CBMR and three members from AU namely professor-in-charge, academic programme head, Psychology and the head, CBCS will work out the implementation of the collaborative programs. The academic-cum-administrative needs to be functionalised at the earliest to enable the details of our participation in the doctoral programme to be worked out expeditiously consistent with our provisions, and the CBMR also needs to be informed about participation in the programmes so that the same may be notified in the above-mentioned national advertisement.The doctoral scholars concerned may be enrolled in the Centre of Bio-Medical magnetic resonance of the IIDS, under the supervision and co-supervision of the faculty of the AU and of the CBMR, under our provisions for adjunct faculty and the doctoral programme.The committee recommends that the vice-chancellor may direct the registrar to formally convey the participation of the AU in the CBMR Doctoral programme at the earliest and also to request the director, CBMR to nominate two members to the academic cum-administrative Committee, which will propose/frame and oversee the measures for operationalising the doctoral programme.Commenting on this proposed MoU, the professor in charge, academic programmes, Prof R K Singh said, \"It is a mutually beneficial arrangement as per which AU and CBMR would allow each others' scholars to avail of facilities for research purposes. Academics visits, exchange of faculty between the two institutions will collaborate in planning and execution of academic programmes and also partner with each other in organisation of seminars, workshops, and conferences including the exchange of mutual experiences in teaching and research.\"The two institutes would also promote joint teaching programs, research activities and publications and participation in seminars and academic meetings, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16907891", "title": "Physicians can help heart patients 80% of the time", "text": "NAGPUR: Cardiologists believe that many a times a heart patient can manage his health well by consulting his family physician rather than rushing to a specialist. Not only will this make treatment more cost-effective for the patients, but it will also help form a support system as the number of cardiologists in the country is small and patients are increasing exponentially.This fact was stressed during a symposium organized by the Vidarbha chapter of Association of Physicians of India. Renowned cardiologists like Dr Ajit Bhagwat from Aurangabad, Dr Kaustubh Vaidya from Mumbai, city's Dr Mahesh Fulwani and Dr Neetin Deshpande updated the knowledge of the physicians during the event.\"Access to cardiologists, who are super specialists is very low as is their number, especially in smaller towns. It is not even cost effective for a person suffering from heart attack to visit a cardiologist time and again. In this situation, physicians can form a big support system to both the patients and doctors,\" said Dr Bhagwat. They can also help by recognizing the patients who may require certain procedures as preventive measures as they are well acquainted with a patient's personal and family medical history,\" he added.Dr Fulwani said that there were only 30 cardiologists in Nagpur, though it serves as a medical hub for all the nearby states. \"This itself shows the need to have physicians helping heart patients wherever possible,\" he said.\"About 80% of the job required to take care of a person after he has suffered from a heart attack can be handled by a general physician. It entails regular follow-ups, observing their medication and dosage, monitoring their lifestyle among other things,\" said Dr Bhagwat.Agreed Dr Vaidya, giving an example of Mumbai where there was a separate system of Golden Hour Ambulances to deal with patients needing emergency care. \"In cardiology, we say time is the only muscle that can save the heart muscle. Being the first people most families call in times of distress, a well trained physician can prove a boon to a heart patient,\" he said. This is especially needed when we look at the high number of heart patients many of whom are youngsters.\"The ratio of cardiologists to patients is not so bad in metros as it is in smaller towns and villages. This is mainly because there is a lot of infrastructure required to have a good cardiac care facility. Another problem is that we do not have documented studies that tell us the exact figures of those suffering from cardiac problems,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jalandhar/chandigarh", "code": "16909283", "title": "Faridkot girl rescued, abductor held in Goa", "text": "JALANDHAR/CHANDIGARH: After messing up the kidnapping case for almost a month during which the cops failed to act, revealed the identity of the minor girl, made false claims that she had eloped with the accused, Punjab police finally on Sunday arrested the abductor Nishan Singh and rescued the 15-year-old victim from a Goa beach.However, it seemed Punjab police still have a soft corner for the accused as an attempt was made to defend Nishan, who was also booked for rape, by senior cops at a press conference in Jalandhar.While making the announcement of arrest at Jalandhar on Sunday evening, Punjab DGP Sumedh Saini claimed that the girl had \"gone away\" with Nishan in June and that she was the one who had called up the accused and asked him to \"take her away\" later in September.Narrating the sequence of events, Saini said the girl and Nishan \"went away\" in June and had started living as a couple at Kharar in Mohali after taking a room on rent.He said the police had recovered them and then handed over the girl, a class X student of a convent school in Faridkot, to her family. Police had slapped rape charges on Nishan following the girl's statement.However, when asked why the police had not taken action against Nishan at that time as the girl was a minor, DGP said he would look into it.\"The girl's family had then sent her to some relatives' house but they also expressed inability to keep her and she was brought back to their home in Faridkot by her parents and was not allowed to use phone and venture out,\" the DGP said.He said Nishan's mother had visited the girl's house to meet her parents and asked them to marry the couple off as both had lived together for quite a few days.The DGP claimed that it was from the mobile phone of Nishan's mother that the girl called up Nishan and asked him to take her away after which the boy came to the house and took her away despite resistance from her parents.The DGP said four persons, including Nishan, had barged into the girl's house on September 24 and abducted her while a few others helped them.\"After Nishan took her away on September 24, they reached Moga in a bus from where they took another bus to Chandigarh and stayed at Sector 22 for two days. From Chandigarh they went to Gurgaon, then to Paharganj in Delhi on September 27 from where they sent a few of their photographs and a letter to her parents claiming that they have got married,\" said Saini.\"From Delhi they went to Goa on September 28 in a train and stayed at a tourist house where Nishan introduced himself as Gurpreet,\" said the DGP. The police team, which was sent to Goa to rescue the girl, found them at Dona Paula beach in Panaji.Asked why Nishan was not earlier apprehended when he was facing 18 criminal cases, the DGP said he would look into the lapse. On why the police officials released the girl's photographs, he again said he would look into the issue.He said 17 persons were involved in the abduction and 14 had already been arrested while three were still at large.When pointed out that the police acted only after pressure from media and public, the DGP claimed \"it was not a big case but was made out to be big\" by certain politicians.The girl, a class X student, was abducted on September 24 from her house in Faridkot by Nishan and his accomplices after assaulting her parents.Police failed to act in time despite the fact that Nishan had earlier too abducted the girl on June 25 and was facing charges of raping her.The kidnapping led to a huge public outcry and it snowballed into a major controversy due to police laxity as residents joined hands demanding the arrest of the accused.During the investigation, 13 persons were arrested and the firearms and vehicle used in the crime were recovered.Two senior police officials - DIG Ferozepur range P S Umranangal and Faridkot SP Gurinder Singh Dhillon - were also transferred by the government after they revealed the minor girl's identity by releasing her pictures.Case of Stockholm Syndrome, claims IGWhile explaining why the girl had been living with Nishan without apparently complaining to anybody, Bathinda Range IG N S Dhillon, who was also present at the press conference, said it was a perfect case of Stockholm Syndrome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16911142", "title": "Trinamool mulling adjournment motion against UPA's anti-people policies", "text": "KOLKATA: After bitter separation with the Congress, the Trinamool Congress is mulling moving an adjournment motion under rule 184 that entails voting in the winter session of Parliament against the \"anti-people\" policies of the UPA government.\"We are keeping all options option including tabling an adjournment motion under rule 184 that entails voting and also moving a motion under rule 193,\" leader of the Trinamool Congress parliamentary party in Lok Sabha Sudip Bandyopadhyay said.\"Many political parties of both sides (in the ruling UPA alliance and the Opposition parties) will support us,\" he said.He declined to name the parties, saying \"It will be politically unwise to disclose the names of the parties right now\".He said that TMC with 19 Lok Sabha MPs and nine Rajya Sabha members would try for floor co-ordination with the Janata Dal (United), Biju Janata Dal and Samajwadi Party which were opposed to the decisions of the Centre.\"We will consult these parties for floor co-ordination before the start of the winter session of Parliament in the third week of next month,\" he said.To a question, he ruled out the possibility of talking with the CPM for floor co-ordination. \"CPM's opposition is not genuine. On the contrary, it wants to isolate the TMC politically\".Asked about TMC chief Mamata Banerjee's earlier statement that the party planned to move a no-confidence motion against the government, Bandyopadhay replied, \"An appropriate decision will be taken at an appropriate time\".He said his party would also grill the government on the CAG report on coal block allocation.Maintaining that the TMC was totally opposed to disruption of the House, he said, \"In the last monsoon session about 80 per cent of the time was wasted because of disruption of Parliament.\"We want a vibrant House devoted to discuss issues affecting the common people,\" he said.Asked whether he would blame the BJP for the disruption in Parliament, he said \"During NDA rule Congress also sometimes adopted a similar tactic. So, both major parties are to be blamed for this\".He claimed that the Trinamool Congress has proved that it did not care for ministerial positions when the interests of the common people were jeopardised due to the Centre's policies.He was referring to the resignation of the six party ministers including himself following TMC's withdrawal of support to the UPA government in protest against FDI in retail , cap on subsidised cooking gas cylinders and hike in diesel price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16908666", "title": "Collegians, IT professionals to man traffic", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Don't be surprised if you find a neighbourhood college girl or a software engineer manning traffic on busy stretches during peak rush hours. The Chandigarh police have decided to rope in IT professionals and college students as traffic marshals to regulate the increasing vehicular rush.The police said, \"Emphasis will be laid on hiring young faces, especially women, as traffic marshals. The initiative has been taken in the wake of increasing number of violations committed by youngsters.\"\"We have observed that youngsters prefer to stay away from police activities. And so, it has been decided to involve them in our campaigns by engaging IT professionals and college students as traffic marshals,\" said Manish Chaudhary, superintendent of Chandigarh police (traffic).\"The new generation can help us streamline traffic \u2014 especially during festive season and VIP movements \u2014with their innovative ideas,\" he added.The traffic marshals, especially women and college students, will be deployed along with cops, who will help them handle violators. They will also counsel drivers if required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16907912", "title": "Tension at Yashodhara Nagar over trader's death", "text": "NAGPUR: Hundreds of people staged a protest at Yashodhara Nagar police station on Sunday morning over the death of trader Firoz Khana, who was a resident of Bande Garib Nawaz Nagar. Residents of the nearby area gathered at the police station and claimed that Khan had been tortured by four youths and the cops, which caused a heart attack.The protesters said Khan owned a small factory making almirahs near his residence. They said that some youths staying near Khan's residence had an eye on the land where he had set up his factory. However, the land owner had refused to give the land to the youths.So, the youths filed a false complaint against Khan at Yashodhara Nagar police station. The protesters claimed that the police had been torturing Khan over these false allegations and had arrested him a few days ago. Khan's neighbours had helped free him on bail.On Saturday, the youths disconnected the electricity connection to Khan's house. Later, on Sunday morning, Khan and ten other supporters had complained to the MSEB office but were not given a hearing. This left Khan worried, and he suddenly collapsed at MSEB office. He was rushed to a private hospital from where he was referred to Mayo. Later, the doctors declared him dead due to a heart attack.The protesters claimed that Khan, who leaves behind a wife and three children, was tortured and harassed to the extent that he died of a heart attack. They demanded immediate arrest of the youths and the cops who had acted on a false complaint against Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16913600", "title": "Internet influencing offline purchase in India", "text": "PUNE: Even though retail sales are still dominated by brick and mortar stores, the influence of internet on offline purchasing is becoming increasingly important, according to a recent study conducted by Annik Technology Services.Realising its power, retailers in India have started adopting social media. Though this is just the beginning, there is considerable untapped opportunity. \"There is a lot of communication happening online but there are not many that are being addressed. This certainly can be leveraged to identify the needs of the people you are engaging with and how you should go about approaching them.\" said Partha Sarathi Sengupta, senior project director - analytics practice of Annik Technology Services.The study reveals that the total penetration of the internet is only 12 percent , which leaves ample space for the internet to grow and consecutively social media to spread its wing. With a backdrop of changing lifestyle, increased incomes, the demographic variability, and vibrant democracy a sharp rise in the social media usage in India can be expected.According to the study, two-third of social media users in India access a social media site every day and social networking accounted for over 25 percent of all time spent online. Retailers have understood that they can get meaningful insights and use it for decision making in launching new campaign or CRM programmes.Social media is growing very fast in India at a CAGR of over 50%. \"It is interesting to see how marketers can take advantage of that. This is the platform where consumers talk free. Social media can get you the exact sentiment of customers, you don't have to ask structured questions or probe.. no more feedback cards\" added Sengupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "gorakhpur", "code": "16909540", "title": "Water-borne encephalitis the new scourge in UP", "text": "GORAKHPUR: When Mahendra Kumar had a little money saved, over 10 years ago, he installed a handpump outside his small house in Badhariya village. The first he heard of the handpump being too shallow was when his nine-yearold daughter Saloni died of encephalitis this year and the grieving father was told it was because of the water she had drunk from the handpump.With water-borne acute encephalitis syndrome (AES) now making up close to 95% of the encephalitis cases across eastern Uttar Pradesh, there is a renewed focus on the water the area's children are drinking. \"The big problem in this area is that since it is low-lying and surrounded by rivers, the water table is very high, which makes contamination easier,\" says Gorakhpur's district magistrate Ravi Kumar NG.Milind Gore, who heads the National Institute of Virology's Gorakhpur research unit, says water samples taken by them near handpumps in affected areas have shown the presence of entero-viruses, which can cause AES.An important part of the administration's work to prevent encephalitis is discouraging people from using these handpumps and installing India Mark II pumps. \"We have been sanctioned Rs 160 crore for improving drinking water, through which 4,600 handpumps are being installed in Gorakhpur district alone,\" says Kumar.But while the shallow handpump is now accepted as the villain in the piece, residents say they had to take no permissions while installing handpumps, many of them up to 25 years ago. \"We got the contractor to put in a handpump, and when he hit water, he stopped. How would village people know how deep to put it in?\" says Rakesh Rajbhar, whose brother Mukesh lost his infant daughter, Sanjana, to AES 12 days ago.\"No one has ever told us there is any problem with our handpump,\" says Sunita Prasad of Bargadahi village in Gorakhpur. Her six-year old daughter, Priyanka, was hospitalized with AES a month ago but has largely recovered. The entire family still drinks water from the same handpump outside their house.In other villages, including Mahendra's, some of the deeper handpumps installed by the government are located inside the compounds of the better off, often upper caste, residents of the village, a problem the district administration too acknowledges. Against this backdrop, the Centre's continued insistence on improved handpumps in an area in which groundwater poses problems seems fraught with danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16908390", "title": "Toilets: Babus seeking bribes, beware!", "text": "Bapu lovers of Bhitiharwa may soon raise a stink around bribe-taking babus. That's the buzz from north Bihar. And here are the details.Encountered at JP International airport, Patna early on Friday: three bleary-eyed individuals, travel strained. Two belonged to that age cohort known as 'senior citizens' and one thirtysomething, usually called a 'youth' this side of the Ganga. The two were professors from the Arizona State University, US and the one was formerly associated with the university but has now taken up residence in Champaran, an area known not so long ago with the nickname of 'mini-Chambal', thanks to the bands of moustached, gun-toting brigands that infested the sugarcane fields and the terai regions adjacent to Nepal.Professors Marek Wosinski and Barbara Klimek had braved the heat and dust of rural north Bihar walking through villages till Motihari, where they celebrated the October 18 anniversary of Gandhiji's triumph over Britishers in pre-independence days, with hundreds of locals. Here were two genuine firangis who had come to acknowledge the Mahatma's first political victory.Largely unnoticed by a section of the media, a padyatra had started from Bhitiharwa on October 2, the Mahatma's birthday. Some 26 young people under 30 from 6 states - Bihar, Bengal, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra, Odisha, Jharkhand, and Delhi marched over 300 kilometres over 16 days, arriving at Motihari on October 18. This walk that traced Gandhiji's footsteps attracted several hundred walkers who accompanied the principal marchers from one village to another. School kids turned out in large numbers.\"This is the second time we have done the Gandhi Satyagraha padyatra,\" says Birendra Kumar, the organizer and director of Gandhi Shodh Sansthan in Champaran. \"The objective is to revive the Gandhian spirit of self-reliance, dignity of work, ahimsa, honesty, and peaceful coexistence.\" The walk also serves to identify local needs and problems through a series of interactions with the local communities called \"Ba-Bapu Vichar Sabha\".The aftermath of the latest edition of padyatra may create a stink in more ways than one. As the march progressed through many newly-built village roads, the walkers had to make their way through human excreta that lined the path. The marchers raised the issue at community interactions. The community said that even though the government had announced a grant of Rs 10,000 for toilet construction, there were few takers because of lower-level officials demanding bribes. During one of the meetings, some school students said, \"If these government officials force us to defecate in the open, shouldn't we use their space as toilets?\" And that resulted in a new kind of satyagraha being mooted.The plan is simple and straightforward. Entire village communities will apply for toilet subsidies according to the existing norms. If the applications are not processed according to the norms, they will inform the district and state administration of the same in writing. If any official asks for a bribe, the village community will set a date for an \"eating out\", following which the official will experience the sight and smell of human excrement in front of his office and homes. Outrageous? \"It's supposed to be,\" said Sumati Devi, a village woman from Bhitiharwa. \"We will send them a notice in writing, and they can ask the policemen to arrest us for committing \"public nuisance\", but even if we are in jail, our kids and neighbours will continue to deposit \"early morning gifts\" on their doorsteps. The fellows who demand bribe have disabled the government programme. How can a poor man with no funds build a toilet with a third of the money siphoned off?\"\"I don't think this is bizarre or outrageous. How can we say we respect our country and our state if we are so corrupt that we force people to shit in the open? If you prevent the poor from having toilets, and they have to defecate outside their doors, then, why shouldn't they use your toilets or other facilities to relieve themselves?\" asked another person.\"Birendra is a dreamer. He dreamed of setting up a community college of social work on Gandhian principles, and we at Arizona State University would like to facilitate this effort,\" says Marek, who first visited the area two years ago. In two years, with support from the local people and the Bharat Yatra Trust, a plot of land has been given on lease, and the groundwork has been laid.Already the Gandhi Shodh Sansthan, a project supported by the Gandhi Research Foundation, has set up an exhibition on Mahatma Gandhi for school kids, a school completion endeavour for girl dropouts, and computer classes for girls and boys around Bhitiharwa village.The Mahatma Gandhi College of Social Work will attract foreign students in a series of innovative exchange programmes that are being worked out. A series of sustainable activities with full community participation in the areas of livelihood, organic agriculture and water harvesting are being currently discussed. Says Marek, \"Gandhi isn't meant to be a fossil. He had a great insight into what we call the participatory method of development. What better memorial to this great man than to have a working and sustainable economy on the Gandhian model on the very land where he first raised the issue of livelihood rights and gram swaraj?In the meanwhile, babus with a bias for bribes better beware of the bibis of Bhitiharwa and their early morning gifts!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907033", "title": "Two nabbed for vehicle theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police claim to have busted a gang of vehicle thieves with the arrest of two people and recovery of four cars. The accused, Naveen (36) and Ram Awadh (39), stay in Noida. The cars were stolen from Noida, Hapur and Dadri in UP.\"To check carjacking and robbery, pickets were put up in the Shahabad Dairy police station area. The accused were nabbed after a tip-off,\" said a senior police officer.Naveen has completed BEd but turned to crime for easy money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16908122", "title": "Goa could learn from Portugal on waste management: Deputy CM", "text": "PANAJI: Urban development minister Francis D'Souza, who returned from a trip to Portugal after attending the 'Semana da Cultura' has carried home lessons that Goa could implement in a number of ways including garbage disposal and beach cleaning.GTDC chairman, Nilesh Cabral, who was also part of the Goan delegation, expressed hope that Goa and Portugal could tie-up and mutually boost tourism.D'Souza told TOI that he visited a solid waste treatment plant about 20 km from Lisbon that not only treats 2,000 tonnes of waste from 19 municipal councils on a single day, but also generates electricity. In fact, 2% of the electricity supplied to Lisbon is generated at this garbage disposal plant, D'Souza said.The minister also checked up on Portugal's beach cleaning system and notes that the Portuguese sanitize their beaches with a kind of medicine. \"Portuguese beaches are number one in Europe, or so they claim. And they clean their beaches everyday,\" D'Souza said.He said that he has brought home a lot of literature and many ideas on what Goa could replicate in terms of urban development, tourism, etc. He said he will pursue these with chief minister Manohar Parrikar. D'Souza also reports that there are many Goans in Portugal who are willing to cooperate in such endeavours with their land of origin.In fact, the Goan delegation was treated to a civic reception by the mayor of Lisbon, Antonio da Costa, of Goan-origin who traces his ancestry to Margao.The Portuguese trade delegation was headed by Nelson de Souza, also of Goan-origin. The Goan tourism delegation led by Nilesh Cabral was met by high-level officials from the government of Portugal.\"Representatives of our tourism trade were very happy because for the first time, they could meet top level officials including Cecilia Meireles, the secretary of state for tourism in the Portuguese government,\" Cabral said.As of now, the Portuguese tourism trade does not send tourists to Goa but only to Rajasthan. Cabral said the Goan delegation also met officials of the Portuguese airline, TAP Portugal, and requested them to commence scheduled flights to Goa.The Goan delegation has further requested a Portuguese delegation, that is scheduled to visit Delhi in November, to also visit Goa in order to have a first-hand look and for further talks on a tourism tie-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16909401", "title": "Detailed plan for advanced facilities soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kozhikode Medical College Hospital (KMCH) will submit a detailed project proposal to set up a state-of-the-art complex at the medical college campus to the Union ministry of health and family welfare. Chennai-based consultancy Hindustan Lifecare Limited has been entrusted for the preparation of project plan. The complex will have advanced treatment facilities.KMCH principal Dr C Ravindran said the consultancy had earlier agreed to handover the project proposal by the end of September. \"The preparation of the plan is in the final stage as they asked for final clarifications in the plan three days ago. The consultancy is expected to handover the detailed project plan to us within this week,\" said the principal. \"We have completed all the documentation process,\" he said.The Rs 150 crore from the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana allotted for the development of KMCH will be utilized for the project. The four-storey building will host emergency and trauma care wing, operation theatres, intensive care unit, casualty block, faculty and demonstration classrooms and parking facilities. A ladies' hostel and a corridor connecting the hospital buildings scattered in the campus is also included in the project. \"The facilities will help KMCH attain the status of Centre of Excellence,\" Ravindran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909064", "title": "Delhi University colleges will now generate admit cards directly", "text": "As part of its recently-introduced examination reforms, Delhi University ( DU) has decided to put all relevant information of students on individual college websites, so that admit cards can be generated by each college directly, online, replacing the tedious process of issuing admit cards manually through the university.The system will be implemented in time for the next semester examinations , which will begin in the first week of November.The university has formed a committee of several colleges to bring about the said reform, including Hindu College, BR Ambedkar College, Atma Ram Sanatan Dharma (ARSD) College and Indraprastha College for Women, among others. The move is part of the ongoing overall examination reform, in order to cut out the time involved in procuring admit cards from the university.\"From now on, every college will create a database of its students along with all their details from the time of admission till they take the examination. These details will be fed into the computer and uploaded on respective websites. Hence, the admit cards will be generated from this database by the respective colleges , while sending a record of it to the university,\" says Pradumn Kumar, principal, Hindu College.To date, students had to first fill in an admission form at the time of taking admission and later, again, before the examination. Both the forms contained similar information, except for some added details in the examination form. These forms were then submitted to the university, after which it issued admit cards to each student in every college.\"This is a student-friendly system. The new system under this reform will help streamline the entire examination process as well as minimise the paperwork . It will also do away with the unnecessary practice of filling in forms twice, thereby saving time of both-students and staff. Everything will be available online and we will not have to wait for the university, but instead issue admit cards to students directly,\" says Kumar.The university administration had already sent letters to the colleges, requesting them to prepare a student database and submit it to the administration by October 15.For more campus stories, click on 'College Life' under 'Campus Life' on www.educationtimes .com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907331", "title": "460 places on terror watchlist", "text": "NEW DELHI: Worried about the terrorist threat during the festive season and the possible presence of Indian Mujahideen operatives in the capital, Delhi Police has made a list of vital places that may be attacked.The list includes 460 places, including the residences of VVIPs and dignitaries like the PM and the President, iconic buildings like India Gate, some important markets like Paharganj, Sarojini Nagar and Connaught Place, most Metro stations, government buildings, embassies and the headquarters of Delhi Police and Central Bureau of Investigation. Religious places like Akshardham, Chhattarpur Mandir and Jama Masjid, and some schools, are also on the watch list.The list will make the task of local police easier as these 460 places may be secured on priority and thoroughly checked. The special cell will coordinate the work while police stations will be responsible for securing the important places in their area. \"The significance of this list is that police stations will have an idea about checking these installations first whenever there is a high alert. Most of them will be checked by dog squads and bomb squads,\" said a senior officer of Delhi Police.Terror groups Indian Mujahideen and Lashkar-e-Taiba have threatened to blow up important places around Diwali. Following bomb blasts in the past, Indian Mujahideen had sent emails to the media giving details of places where attacks were still to be carried out. \"Indian Mujahideen is the biggest threat to Delhi. We don't want to take any risk,\" said the officer.In addition to listing the vulnerable places, Delhi Police is also keeping a watch on the sale of chemicals in the markets of Delhi since Indian Mujahideen uses ammonium nitrate for making bombs.Recently, the special cell had arrested four men \u2014 Asad Khan, Imran Khan, Feroz and Irfan Mustafa \u2014 who were allegedly involved in the August 1 Pune serial bomb attacks, for planning major strikes in the capital around Diwali. They were carrying 5 kg of explosives. One of their associates, LeT operative Raju Bhai, is still on the loose.26/11 conspirator Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal had also disclosed recently that Pakistan based commanders of Lashkar and IM had prepared some modules to carry out attacks in Delhi and other parts of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16908198", "title": "Woman's body found in Film City, cops baffled", "text": "MUMBAI: The decomposed body of a woman, believed to be in her late 20s, was found on the Film City premises in Goregaon (E) on Sunday. Police are investigating whether the deceased is from an entertainment industry or if some outsider had dumped the body on the premises.The police said that the security staff at Film City never allow outsiders inside without permission. The police suspect that someone had killed the woman at an unknown location and used a vehicle to dump the body at Film City.The woman was dressed in a green salwar kameez and had a wrist watch on her right arm. She had three rings on her right hand. One ring had a photo of Sai Baba and another had 'V' word inscribed on it. The police believe that all the rings are made of gold. An officer stated that prima facie, it appears that the woman was killed over a personal issue and not for robbery.On Sunday morning, the security staff at Film City got a stench from the forest near the road leading to the helipad. When they went to check, they found the body and alerted the police control room. The helipad is mostly used for shooting but its surrounding area is not frequently used.Aarey police officers have sent the body for an autopsy. The police stated that there were no marks of a struggle at the spot where the body was found and that the footwear of the deceased were missing.Senior inspector Uttam More, said, \"We are inquiring with the Film City staff and also those who visit the place regularly for clues.\"Cops said no identity card was found on the deceased and the body was decomposed, indicating that the victim was murdered a few days ago.2-year-old found dead on tracksThe body of a two-year-old girl was found on the tracks between Bhandup and Kanjurmarg stations on Sunday. Kurla Railway Police are investigating the case. Passengers crossing the tracks saw the body and informed the station manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16912623", "title": "We don't need a separate state: Jagadish Shettar", "text": "HUBLI: His party men may bicker, and his cabinet colleagues may be embroiled in controversies, but chief minister Jagadish Shettar takes things cool. Though he represents North Karnataka, he is against separate statehood for the region. Ask him about his survival, and he quips: \"I've completed three months and will finish my remaining tenure.'' Shettar shares his thoughts with TOI on political developments and the progress of North Karnataka.Your colleague Umesh Katti is seeking statehood for North Karnataka. What's your opinion? Personally, I'm against it. There is no need for separate statehood for North Karnataka, which is developing at a fast pace. It is not right to demand separate statehood. Leaders across parties should work for the overall growth of North Karnataka instead of pushing for a separate state. But Katti hasn't demanded a separate state, he's been misquoted. Keeping in mind development in the next 20 years, he said there will be demands for separate statehood by other regions, including North Karnataka.How has North Karnataka transformed over the years? North Karnataka is developing on par other regions, like old Mysore. State and national highways have been upgraded in many districts. Kittur Rani Chennamma University in Belgaum, Women's University in Bijapur, University of Horticultural Sciences in Bagalkot, Karnataka Veterinary, Animal and Fisheries Sciences University in Bidar have been set up to give a boost to education. The government is giving a thrust to the development of basic amenities in all districts.How has the growth of Hubli-Dharwad and Belgaum contributed to North Karnataka? Hubli is at the heart of North Karnataka. Any development in Hubli, Dharwad and Belgaum catalyses growth in Haveri, Gadag, Gulbarga, Bijapur, Bagalkot and other districts. All districts are inter-linked with Hubli-Dharwad and Belgaum for business and industrial growth. Belgaum and Hubli airports will be upgraded as international airports. About 700 acres of land have been acquired and handed over to the Airports Authority of India to develop Hubli airport.You announced a bonanza of Rs 5,400 crore to develop North Karnataka. Where will you get the money from? Sufficient funds are available and allocated for projects, mainly in the irrigation sector. We will utilize these funds and also the money available from central schemes. The package is not a one-year programme, but would be implemented in phases over the years. We've decided to keep aside more funds to develop North Karnataka every year.The past two months have seen problems like the Cauvery issue, migration of northeast students and internal bickering.... When in public life, these problems are common. I've tackled many such problems in the past and will handle all of them with confidence. I've been opposition leader for five years. This is not new to me. As CM, I've completed three months and will finish my tenure.All districts are inter-linked with Hubli-Dharwad and Belgaum for business and industrial growth. Belgaum and Hubli airports will be upgraded as international airports. About 700 acres of land have been handed over to the AAI to develop Hubli airport", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907711", "title": "Congress bid to 'Brij' gap between UPA &amp; Maya?", "text": "LUCKNOW: After conceding to Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) chief Mayawati's demand for a Constitutional amendment bill providing reservation to dalits for promotions in government jobs, the Congress-led UPA government is said to be planning to appoint Maya's close confidante and former director general of police (DGP) of Uttar Pradesh (UP), Brij Lal, also a dalit, as special DG of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF).The move is being seen as Congress attempt to keep Behenji (Mayawati) in good humour as well as to play the dalit card to divert public attention from the issue of corruption under UPA rule. The government has already appointed dalit leader Sushil Kumar Shinde as home minister and leader of the house in Lok Sabha. Though the constitutional amendment bill on reservation was introduced in parliament in the monsoon session it could not be passed.Congress, say political observers, will take some more steps before 2014 elections to woo dalits and Muslims in order to divert public attention from scams under UPA-II and corruption charges against its leaders and Robert Vadra, son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.Significantly, the Election Commission has removed Lal during UP assembly elections earlier this year on the complaint of Congress and Samajwadi Party (SP) that he was \"a BSP agent\".But now equations have changed as UPA is dependent on BSP (21 MPs) and SP (22 MPs) to survive in Lok Sabha after withdrawal of support by Trinmool Congress (19 MPs). With Muslim votes in mind, BSP and SP had extended outside support to UPA 2 and are continuing to do so on grounds that they do not want BJP in power.However, political analysts feel, the Congress is paying more attention to Mayawati in comparison to SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , although it needs support of both leaders in Lok Sabha. The reason: Mulayam is unpredictable. Also, Mulayam wants snap polls so that he can cash in on the support he got in the UP assembly elections held earlier this year. Mayawati, however, wants elections to be delayed.She is waiting for anti-incumbency against SP government to rise further and go to polls when situation is favourable for her.Political observers opinion, Congress knows that Mulayam alone cannot bring the government down. The government will fall only when both SP and BSP withdraw support at the same time. Hence, Mulayam will have to wait till Mayawati decides to withdraw support from UPA-II. This makes Mayawati more important than Mulayam for Congress, which also needs more time for damage control due to scams and corruption charges before going to polls.The Trinmool Congress withdrew support from UPA last month over the issue of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in multi-brand retail and fuel price hike.Earlier, both BSP and SP were opposed to FDI. But now, Mayawati has softened her stand on the issue. She may help the Congress pass several other bills related to economic reforms, if assured about enactment of promotion quota bill. The SP, on the other hand, is opposing the quota bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16907937", "title": "School bus fares go up 10%-15%", "text": "NAGPUR: Schools across the city are hiking bus fares in line with the fuel price increase last month. TOI had reported earlier that fares of school buses will soon see an increase of around 10%, and many schools have started put things in motion.Santosh Jog, president of School Bus Owners Association (Nagpur), said, \"We had already informed schools that the new fuel price had to be factored in our costs. Across the city, our members have increased bus fares by 8%-10%.\"Deaven Dasture, director of Royal Gondwana Public School, one of the very few schools to ply its own buses, said, \"We have informed parents about the hike and we shall implement it post Diwali holidays. The hike will be around 15%, and it is just to meet the cost of increased fuel prices.\"For parents and students, the sad news is that another increase is staring them in the face a few months down the line. When schools open for the next academic session, the annual increase of around 15% shall again take place, making school bus fare heavier on the family budget. Compared to last academic year, this year has already seen an increase of 25% in fares.\"If there are no fuel hikes then our next increase will be scheduled for June when schools reopen. We have to include various inflationary costs, such as maintenance, taxes, new regulations etc that require us to install gadgets in buses and of course staff salaries,\" said Jog.The school bus fares in city vary depending upon the distance of the school from city centre. The range of bus fee is between Rs800-1,200. It is upon these old prices that the new hike shall take effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16908590", "title": "State police pay homage to martyrs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state police officials paid homage to police martyrs of the country on Sunday. Across India, October 21 is observed as Police Commemoration Day in honour of 10 policemen of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) who were killed by the Chinese armed forces in Ladakh in 1959.The state-level event was organized at the city police headquarters in Shahibaug on Sunday morning. State director-general of police Chittranjan Singh along with senior IPS officers and retired police personnel paid tribute to the martyrs. According to police officials, 57 policemen with CRPF, 85 with Border Security Force, 135 in Uttar Pradesh, 43 in Jharkhand, 21 with Central Industrial Security Force, and 28 in West Bengal died over the past year.Gujarat police lost one of its own in Surat Rural in December 2011. Babubhai Rawat, a head constable with Olpad police station, had been to Ishanpore village to nab an accused in a case. During the process, the accused stabbed him in chest and fled. Rawat was taken to a nearby hospital where he died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911786", "title": "Gautham\u2019s new film is a love story", "text": "Gautham, comedian Brahmanandam's son, will soon start working for his new film. Directed by Chaitanya Dantaluri of Banam fame, the movie comes with a catchy subtitle - A love story between a kite and a flight. The makers have release the first poster of film and shall unveil the first look and the title on October 24, 2012 to coincide with the actor's wedding.Gautham's earlier films Pallaki lo Pellikuturu and Vareva miserably failed at the box office, and the actor is looking for some respite. Let's see if Gautham can taste success this time around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16911780", "title": "Woman robbed of mobile phone", "text": "BHOPAL: A woman was allegedly robbed of her mobile phone in Idgah Hills area here on Sunday morning.Gurdayal Singh, a resident of Sita-Geeta apartment in Idgah Hills, had gone to gurudwara with his wife, Surjeet Kaur in the morning. Singh told TOI his wife was climbing the stairs when a youth, who was coming down the stairs, pushed her and allegedly looted her mobile phone. My wife sustained injuries as she fell on the building material kept other side.Though Singh has filed a police complaint, an FIR is yet to be lodged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16912976", "title": "Heads bow to the headless goddess", "text": "KANPUR: Hundreds of devotees thronged Mata Chhinnamastika temple at Shivalaya on 'Saptami' of Navratri here on Sunday. The most famous custom related to this renowned city temple is that it remained closed throughout the year and is open only on 'Saptami', 'Ashtami' and 'Navami' during 'Navratras'.As the name means, Mata Chhinnamastika (broken head) is the goddess without head. An important custom related to this temple is that it opens only twice a year in 'Navratris'. This is due to belief of the people according to which seeing the goddess is prohibited as her attire is horrific and soaked in blood.Maa Chinnamstika 'darshan' is prohibited on other days. According to 'Durga Saptashati', this 'swaroop' (appearance) of goddess can make a devotee fearful of her existence. This is the reason the temple remains closed throughout the year, said K K Tiwari, member of the committee taking care of Chinnamastika temple. He added, it is believed that Maa Chhinnamastika is the goddess of intelligence and power, hence this is the prime spot for all students either appearing in board exams or in competitions.As per Hindu Mythology, Chhinnamastika is among the 'Dash Mahavidya' of Maa Shakti. After Lalita Mata, this is the only temple in the city which is the prime spot for devotees interested in 'Yog Sadhna' or 'Siddhi Sadhna' forms of prayer and meditation.The priest of the temple also informed that the tradition of offering 'bali' (sacrifice) has a religious significance in the temple since ancient times. Even today the custom of sacrifice is commenced on the last day of 'Navratri' which is 'Mahanavami'.It is worth mentioning here that initially, the 'bali' of goat or buffalo (maheesh) was considered auspicious as it denoted sacrifice of the animal instinct within humans. The bali of 'goat' meant sacrifice of 'lust' and obsession within oneself, while the 'bali' of buffalo symbolised the sacrifice of anger hidden within a person.The seventh day of Navratri is dedicated to 'Maa Kaalratri'. According to her name, she is the goddess who conquered death. It is believed the deity is pleased with everything which is not valued by humans or those who run over mundane things. 'Maa Kaalratri' is riding over an ass and have axe in her hands. The open hair and brave smile add to the looks of the goddess believed to bestow her children with positivity and courage.Goddess Durga was worshipped in puja pandals and temples at various places in city, special puja ceremonies and events marked Saptami of Navaratra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16908592", "title": "Modi flies in to say hello to RSS leaders", "text": "NAGPUR: Gujarat CM Narendra Modi , who is seeking a third term in the state elections scheduled in December, air-dashed to the city on Sunday and was closeted for three and half hours with top leaders of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) at the Hedgewar Bhavan in Reshimbagh.While the RSS and Modi himself were not forthcoming on what transpired at the meeting, it's being speculated that Modi was here to seek RSS leadership's help in controlling the damage from Sangh parivar members like VHP's Pravin Togadiya, breakaway group led Keshubhai Patel and Sangh pracharak Sanjay Joshi, who are creating problems for him.While Modi functions as a one-man party in Gujarat, there are worries that his bete noire Togadia and Joshi may join hands with Patel. Joshi got a rousing public reception at Surat recently and Patel's new party could attract pro-RSS minded people to work against Modi.\"I don't discuss politics with RSS leaders. Being a staunch Sangh worker I visited the headquarters for inspiration. For a long time I could not meet Sarsanghchalak Mohanji Bhagwat and general secretary Bhaiyyaji Joshi, so I came down to meet them,\" said Modi.\"The conversation was a pleasure. I am also a swayamsevak and this is a place of faith for the Sangh. It is obvious that we will talk our hearts out,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "16911464", "title": "An app that 'fetches' food and drink for spectators", "text": "SYDNEY: A football stadium in Australia has planned to launch a new smartphone application that would allow spectators to order food and drinks from their seats and keep their eyes on the ball.Now, spectators at Melbourne's Etihad Stadium will use the free QkR app to buy food and drinks in what is thought to be a world-first stadium service.Fans, by using the app on iPhone or Android phone, will be able to scroll through the food and beverage menu, scan or type in a unique code on their seat and place their order online to be paid by credit card and delivered by a waiter, the Age reports.The pampering service will be tried among 1000 fans at tonight's A-league soccer match between Melbourne Victory and Adelaide United and could be introduced all over the stadium if successful.According to the paper, MasterCard developed QkR and piloted the technology at two Sydney cinemas in January, with the only added cost to food and drinks a credit card surcharge.Etihad Stadium spokesman Bill Lane said the technology could soon be extended to 8500 seats.\"Fans can now drive into the carpark, take a lift to their level, sit under a roof if it's raining and now have food and drinks delivered to their seat,\" the paper quoted him, as saying.\"If it's a raging success we'll have to see how many waiters are available around the stadium,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16908545", "title": "15 hurt as Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation bus collides with lorry", "text": "As many as 15 people, including the bus driver, were injured when an APSRTC bus collided with a lorry at Mallialpalli village, in Karimnagar district under Ramagundam police limits on Sunday.Circle Inspector Adla Mahesh said that a four-lane road widening work was going on at Mallialpalli, where the mishap took place.The injured were shifted to Government Hospital at Godavarikhani. Condition of all the injured persons was said to be stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16913100", "title": "Blackstone-Embassy SPV to look at REIT listing in Singapore", "text": "bangalore: Private equity giant Blackstone Group and technology park developer Embassy Property Developments will look at listing a real estate investment trust (REIT), which owns and operates income yielding office space portfolio, on the Singapore Stock Exchange.REITS are companies that hold real estate investments in rent income assets.Last week, Blackstone sealed a Rs 1,015 crore deal with Embassy for a 50% stake in Pune Dynasty Projects, a special purpose vehicle (SPV) in which Embassy holds three of its FDI-compliant commercial business parks.The business parks include Manyata Embassy Business Park and Embassy Golf Links Business Park, in Bangalore, and Embassy TechZone in Pune. Together, the three business parks yield annual rental income of about Rs 700 crore.This news of Blackstone investing in Embassy's tenanted office portfolio was first reported by TOI on July 11. \"We are looking to build the commercial rentyielding assets in this SPV and at a later date will look at making this entity into a REIT, which can be listed,\" said Jitendra Virwani, CMD, Embassy Group. In 2007, Virwani tried a REIT listing in Singapore. But at that time the markets tanked and the issue did not happen.The Pune Dynasty Projects SPV has a commercial rent-yielding portfolio of 13.5 million sqft, which over the next couple of years is expected to increase to over 25 million sqft, as more commercial space is constructed at Manyata Embassy Business Park and Embassy TechZone.The SPV is also charting an aggressive acquisition road map to increase its asset base. \"Our focus will be on buying assets that have a ticket size between Rs 300 and Rs 500 crore,\" said Virwani. He said the SPV was close to acquiring 1 million sqft of commercial business space in the central business district of Bangalore for about Rs 500 crore.\"The due diligence process has started,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16908422", "title": "Bollywood actors lend extra charm to Durga Puja", "text": "PATNA: Participation of some Bollywood actors and singers in Puja and different dandiya programmes in the state capital has added to the aura of Durga Puja this year. While some of them have already reached the city, a few others will reach here on Monday.Actor Neetu Chandra was seen in black and pink sari, doing the first 'aarti' of the day at Dak Bungalow puja pandal. Sharing her childhood memories, she said, \"I have been visiting pandals in the city since I was a child and now being an actress does not change my feelings. I feel like a child again.\"Bollywood 'bidu' Jackie Shroff also visited the city to participate at a dandiya night organized at the New Patna Club. He also met state health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey and accepted his offer to be the brand ambassador for a drive against female foeticide. He promised to visit the state again for any programme related to the drive. Shroff said, \"On the occasion of Durga Puja, we should vow to protect female child and give them their right, and not differentiate between girls and boys.\"Another actor Sayali Bhagat will reach here on Monday with Zarine Khan of 'Veer' fame. They will be participating at the 'Dandiya Raas 2012' being organized by a local media consultant company at BSEB ground on October 22 and 23. \"We have also invited Indian Idol Priyanka Negi and Tulika Ganguly to perform at the dandiya night,\" said Harshita, event head of the company.Pakistani actor Veena Malik, attending the inaugural function of a restaurant at Jagdeo Path during her maiden visit to the city, on Sunday said, \"This Durga Puja fervour is the reason why I am dressed in green sari.\" She expressed her desire to work in regional Bhojpuri films too. She said, \"I have seen a lot of Bhojpuri films online and read about it. If given a chance, I will love to work in a Bhojpuri film.\"She added, \"I had heard a lot about the good work done by Bihar CM Nitish Kumar for the development of the state and his visit to Pakistan next month is eagerly awaited by the people there.\" The actor said that RJD president Lalu Prasad was quite popular in her country and she had met him in the past.Though the older generation is nostalgic about the cultural programmes organized decades back during Durga Puja, city youth are quite excited with the arrival of Bollywood artists and others from the field of music. \"Patna is now getting noticed by Bollywood. Their visit has increased the dandiya fever,\" said an excited teenager, Rohit Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907096", "title": "5 months on, corporations struggle to make online RTI filing functional", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five months after the newly formed corporations put on hold the online filing of RTI applications, they are still struggling to make it functional. Sources say that as the IT department is setting up an independent system for each corporation, it is not possible to make the service functional anytime soon.The erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi was the first government organization in the country to provide the facility, but post-trifurcation the three corporations were unable to sustain it due to shortage of staff and procedural delays.Though the ruling BJP in the three corporations had promised that the facility will be made operational soon, but nothing has been done so far. Sources say that due to shortage of staff the civic agencies are unable to process the RTI applications on time.While the corporations are taking their own sweet time to restart the facility, the people are missing the \"great facility\". \"It was a great facility. We didn't have to go to MCD office to submit our RTI application. It was a hassle-free process. The government should have thought about it before trifurcating the civic agency. Does it take so long to make it operational?\" questioned Sanjay Bhargava, secretary of Chandni Chowk Sarv Vyapar Mandal, who has filed several RTIs with the corporation.\"We are in the process of dividing the system. We have to prepare the IT infrastructure as per the requirements of the new corporations. It will soon be made operational,\" said an official.\"We have asked officials to make it operational as soon as possible. MCD was the first to start the facility. But due to trifurcation most of our IT-related initiatives have suffered,\" said Yogender Chandolia, chairman, standing committee, North corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16908478", "title": "Father, son murdered near Daund", "text": "PUNE: A gang of unidentified people brutally attacked a man and his son killing them on the spot at the Khadki village near Daund, about 70 km from here, on Sunday afternoon.The Daund police have identified the deceased as Jalindar Kale (58) and his son Ganesh (32), both residents of Khadki. The attack appears to be a fallout of a land dispute, the police said.Sub-divisional police officer (Daund) Shankar Kengar said the incident took place around noon. The gang all of a sudden attacked Kale and his son with sharp weapons and fled. \"The impact of the attack was such that both of them died on the spot,\" he said.Kale had a dispute with some people in the village over a piece of land. A heavy police bandobast has been deployed in the area to avoid any untoward incident. \"We are investigating further,\" Kengar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16913294", "title": "Dodsal FC taking it one step at a time", "text": "MUMBAI: It may have been just a local title but Dodsal FC gave more than just a fine sign of things to come when they hammered Mumbai Customs 5-0 in the final to lift the Nadkarni Cup last week. Making the win special was the fact that they were watched by company COO Arvind Kumar and club chairman, Mohammed Omar were watching from the sidelines.Omar, a former skipper of the UAE national team has been handed the task of fixing a squad together as Dodsal target a place in the I-League next season and while there's a wave of expectation give the club's massive financial backing, he's happy to build things slowly. \"There's a long way to go. We finished runners-up in the Durand Cup and have won the Nadkarni Cup. Our big target of course is the I-League but we're taking this step by step,\" he said.Owned by the Dodsal Group of companies based in Dubai, the club has been in the news for being with the signatures of high-profile players - the latest being former Manchester United defender Mikael Silvestre but while Omar admits speaking with the French star, he says no deal has been confirmed. Omar also laughs off comparisons with Manchester City who are bankrolled by the sheikh. \"We want to be Dodsal, not Manchester City. And if even if you do compare us with another club, it would be some small club somewhere, not City,\" he says.Kumar said that the club is in the investment stage but does have rough plans that include football infrastructure for the city. \"At this moment all we are concentrating on is excelling in what we have set out to do with Dodsal FC. There are plans chalked out but they are all tentative,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16910730", "title": "Militants involved in extortion arrested in Moirang Khunou area in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: Two militants involved in extortion have been arrested during separate search operations in Manipur, police said today.Security forces of Red Shield division of army and commandos searched Moirang Khunou area in Bishenpur district yesterday following reports of movement of some ultras.During the operations, a militant identified as Mairembam Jugindro (47) of the banned Kangleipak Communist Party-Military Council (KCP-MC) was arrested.Jugindro told the interrogators that he was working under senior leader of KCP-MC, identified as Samananda Singh.In another search operation, a combined team of security forces and commandos arrested self-styled finance secretary of Imphal division of the banned People's Liberation Army (PLA) identified as Nongthombam Amit Meitei (28) from Khurai area in Imphal East district yesterday.They said Meitei confessed to the interrogators that he was involved in extortion activities at Imphal-Dimapur-Guwahati bus parking and Imphal-Jiribam bus parking areas here, adding that he had collected Rs 5 lakh last week from various shopkeepers in Imphal.Meitei also disclosed names of some PLA insurgents who were involved in planting bombs and attacks on security forces in the past weeks, sources said, adding that one 7.65 pistol along with three rounds of ammunition besides monetary demand letters were recovered from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "16908008", "title": "Navelim locals want legal mining resumed", "text": "BICHOLIM: Villagers of Navelim in Bicholim taluka have unanimously demanded that the state government should start legal mines in order to solve the crisis faced by the people due to mining ban in the state.This demand was put forward by the villagers at a gram sabha of Navelim village panchayat which was held on Sunday at the village panchayat hall, informed Navelim sarpanch Gopinath Gawas.Deputy sarpanch Karuna Mahale, panch members Deepesh Gawas, Khushali Naik, Deepak Naik, Swati Mainkar, Suman Gawas and others were present on the dais.Gawas said that the gram sabha was specially convened by the panchayat body in order to discuss problems faced by the truck owners and other mining dependents after the mining ban was imposed by the Supreme Court.Many speakers focused on problems faced by mining dependents, including truck owners, garage owners, spare part shop owners, businessmen selling tyres and tubes, truck drivers, cleaners and others dependent on mining and demanded a solution.The main speakers included Avdhhot Gawas, Vishnu Gawas, Sakharam Gawas, Rupesh Gawas and others. Sarpanch Gopinath Gawas said that the copy of this resolution will be sent to the state government very soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16908770", "title": "Open disposal of medical Waste still happens in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: The issue of proper disposal of bio medical waste has once again been brought to the forefront after one kilogram of medical waste was found dumped along with regular garbage sent to the Municipal Corporation's dump yard at Vellalore on Sunday. Open disposal of medical waste continues to happen as numerous private clinics, dental clinics and labs openly dump medical waste along with their regular garbage as their daily medical waste is minimal and thus can easily be disposed off as regular waste.The bio medical waste collection and disposal in the city is being entrusted to Techno Therm industries which operates a bio-medical waste incinerator outside city limits near Chettipalayam.\"We have been operating the facility since 2002 and it became fully functional in 2007. We cover all private and government health centres in Coimbatore and Tirupur. We also collect bio medical waste from government hospitals in Nilgiris district,\" said S Sudhakar, partner in Techno Therm industries.As of now, the average daily amount of medical waste treated at the facility is about 2000 kg and 70 percent of the waste is generated from health facilities in Coimbatore. The medical waste generated from the hospitals are collected using eight closed container vehicles and taken to the incinerator for disposal. As many as 400 hospitals and health care centres including Coimbatore Medical College Hospital and 20 urban health posts of the city municipal corporation hand give their bio medical waste to this agency.\"The charge fixed for bio medical waste differs from public and private hospitals. In private hospitals it is Rs 4.50 per bed and for government centres it is at a rate of Rs 29 per kilogram of waste generated,\" Sudhakar added.It is the responsibility of the District Pollution Control Board officials to monitor the regular disposal of bio medical waste collected from both private and public hospitals.\"We are monitoring the disposal of medical waste. We will send a notice to the concerned medical facility responsible for dumping the medical waste at Vellalore based on the report from our officials,\" said P Asokan, District Environment Engineer.However, Coimbatore corporation officials, especially those involved in waste collection work, frequently encounter used syringes and other forms of medical waste dumped along with regular garbage.\"It could be from some private clinics and also certain households with diabetes patients who need to take insulin doses on a regular basis,\" said a senior corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912423", "title": "Saxena to launch a channel?", "text": "Hansraj Saxena, who was with Sun Pictures, we hear, is planning to start a television channel. Reports say that Saxena will team up with a leading Tamil actor for this venture.Saxena has already set up a production house, Sax Pictures, which is focussing on producing small budget flicks in Kollywood, the first one being the Priyamani-starrer Charulatha. He is also planning to make an animation movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16912301", "title": "Don't let spurious sweets turn your festivity sour", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The festive season keeps markets buzzing with hectic shopping activity and it's also the biggest time to buy sweets. With a major increase in demand of sweets in the city, there is also a glut of adulterated ingredients that go into their making.Sweets are prepared in bulk and some times weeks in advance to be sold around Dussehra and Diwali. To cope up with the demand, oil and khoya (reduced dry milk), used for preparing these sweets, is highly adulterated with the poisonous aregemone mexicana and a deadly butter-yellow dye which is added to the oil. A non-edible bi-product of crude palm oil, stearin is used in adulteration of Vanaspati. It is used mostly to manufacture soaps. Khoya is prepared by mashing blotting paper and toilet paper in milk and synthetic khoya is prepared adding urea. \"Likewise, semolina is another important ingredient used in making synthetic milk and don't get surprised to know that milkcake, for which you pay around Rs 250 per kilo, often contains no milk at all,\" said a shopkeeper of the city.So as a customer how can you really ensure that the peda or burfi you buy is pure? \"You can tell generally from the colour or the mava used. Buy only from a reliable shop and understand that cheaper sweets are being made with cheaper products,\" said Suresh another sweet shop owner of the city.\"We should buy sweets only from reliable places,\" says a customer. The trick is to purchase sweets from a reputed shop or buy ones that are less colourful. It is also important to keep in mind that the product should be sampled to ensure it isn't made of inferior quality oil or vanaspati.Normally, it the khoya which is used most and there is a bigger chance of that being adulterated. Refined palm stearin, a non-edible by-product of crude palm oil, is used as an adulterant in vanaspati. Stearin is used largely to manufacture soaps. We should buy khoya and other sweets only from genuine places, says a customer.As difficult as it is for us to detect something amiss the administration is not taking any chances with a special task force instituted during festivals to keep a tab on quality of milk and sweets. With authorities gearing up to crackdown on mithai shops using stale ingredients, this Diwali, before you bite into that alluring assortment of sweets, make sure it is all fresh. But with the festival just a few days away, those in the business of making quick money are also active in the city and so is the department of food safety and drug administration which has chalked out an elaborate plan for intensifying the crackdown against those in the business of adulteration.Talking about the department's plan, food safety officer Sailesh Dixit told TOI, \"Keeping track of the eight tehsils in the district, we have six sectors each with one food safety officer who would be responsible for keeping a tab on adulteration. Any complaint related to quality of food would be taken action against. Any trader found resorting to such means of adulterations would be taken to task as the department has enhanced its vigilance in view of the festive season. Check is not only against milk products...we are vigil against any sort of adulteration be it in food items or spices.\"Adulteration is not new to officials and now even common people are getting more aware as what he was couple of years ago, said head of the department of Gastroentrology MLN Medical College, Prof Manisha Dwivedi. Metanil yellow dye which is another non-permissible toxic colorant, is used mostly to color besan (gram flour), pulses, miscellaneous prepared foods including sweetmeats like laddoo, barfi, jalebi, dalmoth, papad, etc. for an attractive deep yellow color, informed Prof Jagdamba Singh of the department of Chemistry, Allahabad University.Food grade colors are available in the market but since they are costly, traders take advantage of the lackadaisical approach of the law enforcing authorities and substitute it with cheap and non-permissible dyes and colors, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912570", "title": "Countdown to Poonam's first look this week begins", "text": "Buzz has it that strip queen Poonam Pandey's film is going to creates shock waves among the masses and leav es her competitors admiring in awe of her actions.Poonam, who has been trending and tweeting to glory, has made a habit of teasing and tantalising her audience with her sensuous videos and titillating pictures. And guess what? Her movie debut, which is around the corner, is no less different. Like the Korean rapper Psy, who has made the world dance to his Gangnam style, Poonam claims she is all set to launch the first look for her debut film Poonam style!With last three days to go for the unveiling of the first look and title of her debut flick, Poonam has managed to launch a countdown ticker to D-day. As they say there are seven sins in the world that one must be aware of, but in this case right after the seventh sin, comes Poonam Pandey's debut movie.\"Be ready for addiction, as it will take the world by storm and sweep you off your feet,\" says Poonam. The clock is ticking and the Queen of Tease is just about ready to tease and please you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913850", "title": "Swarthi is a murder mystery", "text": "Kannada film 'Swarthi' which is a murder mystery has been launched recently. Newbie artists Santhosh and Deepika Charan are playing lead roles in the film.Another actor who plays an important roel in Rajeev who has already acted in a few film. Deepak Charan id playing a double role in the film. Ramesh Kote is debuting in this film as a director while Ananda Reddy is the producer. Ramesh Kote had entered the film industry through the film 'Diggajaru' and had even directed many Television serials.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907818", "title": "Safety concern over low-floor buses plying in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Non maintenance of Jaipur City Transport Services Limited (JCTSL) buses due to lack of funds has become a serious safety issue both for the passengers and the commuters of the city roads.Two major accidents, in which one person lost his life, after the JCTSL buses had brake failure in one month clearly indicate that the newly purchased fleet of buses is crying for maintenance.According to JCTSL source, during the financial year 2011-12, the JCTSL is facing a loss of approximately Rs 40 crore on operating and maintaining the fleet. \"At present, the corporation is bearing loss of Rs 50 lakh per bus. The total loss has increased to Rs 14 crore as compared to previous financial year. Maintaining low-floor a/c buses is the major reason for the huge loss. Only 30% buses in the fleet of 299 low-floor buses plying on Jaipur roads are in perfect condition,\" an official said.Sources claimed that due to shortage of funds, the condition of these buses are going from bad to worse as maintenance cost of the buses are heavy and the mileage of these buses is very low.Another reason for the poor condition of buses is short supply of spare parts; hence small faults become bigger problems. \"These buses need a lot of maintenance. On an average, 10 buses come daily to the workshop for repair work. Due to lack of care, the tyres with a shelf life of two years get worn out in just two months,\" an RSRTC employee said.An official informed that recently, the (JCTSL) had invited proposals from private players for operating and maintaining the low-floor buses. But after an initial success, the plan received a major setback. At the start of the process, six private companies from across the country showed interest in running the buses. But before moving on further, the companies demanded proper depots for parking for the buses. JCTSL which itself parks buses in open areas was in no condition to fullfil the demand. This has left the maintenance of low-floor buses in the lurch, further deteriorating the condition of these buses.Officials source even claimed that if a proper strategy to earn revenue is not chalked out soon, the buses will be in a bad shape. The JCTSL has also handed over lucrative routes to contractors and kept loss-making ones with itself. \"There are three categories of routes - A, B and C - divided according to the traffic load. As per the agreement only 'C' category routes with least traffic load should be given to the contractors. But instead, the company was handed over 'A' category routes. This has led to loss in the revenue,\" a JCTSL employee claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908200", "title": "Fraud, harassment charges land qazis in the dock", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an effort to clip the wings of qazis who tend to wield absolute power, the minorities welfare department (MWD) has suspended as many as seven government qazis in the state since last year. Suspension orders were awarded to these qazis after charges of fraud, incompetence, dereliction of duty, forgery of stamps and signatures and harassment of women using 'supernatural powers' were proved.In one such case, government qazi S Md Ibrahim Rashadi of Anantapur was suspended last month for harassing women, forging stamps and signatures of government qazi K Abdul Majeed and performing many unauthorised marriages.In the latest case of suspension, Chittoor-based qazi Attar Abdul Qayyum was suspended on grounds of incompetence this month after he was found incapable of reciting invocations from the Quran and the hadith. According to officials of the MWD, Qayyum was suffering from paralysis but insisted on continuing to hold the office of qazi of Kalakada mandal in Chittoor and even dragged the matter to the high court. The court had ordered that Qayyum be given an opportunity to prove himself before taking action. The suspension orders were handed to him once the MWD served him a show cause notice. Further, the qazi of Dharoor in Rangareddy district, Mohd Azhar Ali, was suspended early this year. Pegging the suspensions to the appointment of dubious individuals as qazis, senior bureaucrats held the archaic Qazi Act of 1880 containing only four sections responsible. They noted that the Act is ambiguous about the process of appointment, removal, jurisdiction and hereditary nature of the qazi system and has only made appointment of dubious individuals easier. A bureaucrat requesting anonymity said, \"The entire system is a mess. There are no means of advertising for the vacant posts and corruption in appointments is rampant. There are qazis who have been given service inam lands. While the land becomes hereditary, their qazat does not. Many such people are continuing as qazis claiming their qazat as hereditary. There is a need to amend the Act.\"Officials of the Nazir-ul-Qazzad said that there are around 160 qazis registered with the State Wakf Board out of which 14 are from Hyderabad. Further, the city has around 150 deputy qazis. \"With hundreds of marriages being conducted everyday the demand for qazis is growing. It is because of a certain few that all qazis get a bad name,\" said a qazi requesting anonymity. According to officials, the fee for performing a nikah ceremony is Rs 1,100 as decided by Anjuman-e-Qazat.M Dana Kishore, secretary, MWD said, \"We have suspended a few qazis on various grounds. There have been two such suspensions in the last two months. There have been instances of qazis breaching jurisdiction of other qazis also. These people often drag us to court but suspension orders are given once all charges are proved.\"Senior bureaucrats say the Qazi Act of 1880 is ambiguous about the procedure of appointment, removal, jurisdiction and hereditary nature of the qazi system which has only made it easier for those indulging in illegal activities to get away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16909246", "title": "Hindu leader from Pakistan attends Langur Mela, wants easier visa regime", "text": "AMRITSAR: Haresh Chopra, a member of the National Assembly from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan, is in Amritsar along with his wife, son and daughters to participate in the Langur Mela, following the fulfilment of his wish.Along with wife Ramna and daughters Samriti and Neha, Haresh could be seen walking barefoot to Bara Hanuman temple, situated in the Durgiana Temple complex, carrying his 10-month-old son Harnek Chopra, attired as langur, in his arms.\"Last year, when we were on a visit to India, we came to know about the Langur Mela and the myths associated with it. My wife had made a wish that if she gives birth to a son, she will make him a langur and so we are here,\" Chopra told TOI on Sunday.\"This mela is very famous among Hindus and many of them have already made their sons dress up like langurs on fulfillment of their wish,\" he said. A lot more Hindus of Pakistan were willing to participate in Langur Mela and other similar festivals if the visa regime was simplified, he added.Langur Mela is celebrated during Navratra wherein parents dress up their sons as langur on fulfillment of their wish. The 'langur' remains barefoot, sleeps on the floor and arrive at Bara Hanuman Temple twice a day, dancing to the beats of dhol.Unwilling to talk about the condition of Hindus in Pakistan, who are often subjected to persecution by fundamentalists, Chopra said he didn't want to talk about \"issues\" since he was on a personal and religious visit. There was about one lakh Hindu population in the trouble-torn Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan, he said.However, he felt that joint celebration of religious festivals would cement ties between the two countries and help in bringing the common people of two countries closer to each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909308", "title": "Two Rs 45,000 gold chains stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Two cases of theft of gold chains worth Rs 45,000 altogether were reported stolen on Saturday in two separate incidents in the city.In the first incident, a gold chain, worth Rs 37,500, belonging to Pushpa Mungase, resident of Suprabhat Colony, Ambad, was reported stolen on Saturday. The incident took place on Saturday evening when four unidentified women, in the age group of 25 to 30, stole Mungase's chain while travelling by a share autorickshaw. The complaint was lodged with the Ambad police.In another incident, a gold chain worth Rs 8,000, belonging to Swati Waikar, resident of Nashik Road, was reported stolen on Saturday. The incident took place around 8.30pm on Thursday when Swati Waikar had come for darshan at Kalika temple along Old Agra Road in the city. Taking advantage of huge rush, thieves stole a gold chain of Waikar when she was in a queue. The complaint was lodged with Sarkarwada police.Motorcycle stolenA Honda Shine motorcycle, worth Rs 35,000, belonging to Nilesh Kumar Saddeshpande, resident of of Indira Nagar, was reported stolen on Saturday in the city.The incident took place during last week when unidentified persons stole the motorcycle parked at B D Bhalekar Grounds in the city. The complaint was lodged with the Bhadrakali police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16909262", "title": "Money, liquor seizures rise, EC steps up vigil", "text": "SHIMLA: Even as the Election Commission is taking various measures to stop the use of money and liquor in the assembly polls, Himachal Pradesh is witnessing free flow of money and liquor from neihgbouring states of Haryana and Punjab. This is evident from the fact that police have so far recovered Rs 1 crore unaccounted cash, besides huge quantity of liquor from different entry points, which has raised doubts whether the EC would be able to keep the elections free from money and liquor power.Most of the cash has been recovered from towns bordering Haryana and Punjab. While the EC had already made it clear that people carrying cash of over Rs 2.5 lakh need to carry documentary evidence, in most seizure cases, people have failed to show documents leading to suspicion that the money was meant to be used for election campaign. The maximum cash seizure has been made from Solan district, especially from Parwanoo barrier. On the other hand, 3.55 lakh ml of illicit liquor has been seized from different parts of the state so far, police sources said.\"I am out of Shimla right now. So, I do not have the exact figure with me. But till October 19, Rs 41 lakh was seized in the state and in one case related to seizure of Rs 6 lakh, the money has been deposited with income tax department as the person could not produce any proof,\" said chief electoral officer Narinder Chauhan.According to sources, as cops and flying squads of election commission are making huge hauls of unaccounted cash, more monitoring teams have been directed to remain vigilant as only a few days are left before the polls on November 4. Assembly constituencies of Una, Haroli and Solan have been under the EC scanner where expenditure observers have been directed to keep an eye on use of money, sources said.\"For monitoring the election expenditure, control rooms and 24x7 call centres have been set up in all districts of the state to register complaints from general public during elections,\" Chauhan said.He said that any one can register complaints regarding illegal transfer/carrying of cash or liquor or any other suspicious items or arms in the area and distribution of money or liquor or any other item to voters with the intent to influence them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16907501", "title": "Duleep trophy: East Zone and Central Zone banking on the 'sixth day'", "text": "CHENNAI: The pitch covers were being soaked further - more rain is forecast owing to the onset of the north-east monsoon in the southern metropolis - even as both the East Zone and Central Zone skippers banked on the 'sixth day's play' for a possible result after the opening day of the Duleep Trophy final was abandoned without a ball being bowled at the MA Chidambaram Stadium on Sunday.\"We are the defending champions and we do not want the rain to play spoilsport and since there is a sixth day available we hope to make use of it if need be,\" East skipper Natraj Behera said after the first day's play was called off at 11.15 a.m. following persistent rain.The technical committee of the Board of Control for Cricket in India proposed a sixth's day's play in knock-out games of the domestic competitions this year to reduce the impact of the toss as well as encourage evenly-fought contests.\"There's a lot of time still - there's an extra day. If both first innings aren't completed, there's the sixth day,\" said Central skipper Mohd Kaif, keen on avenging the defeat in the final last year.Behera is hopeful of sufficient play despite the inclement weather to complete the first innings for both the teams and is confident that pacer Ashok Dinda would strike again.\"Conditions might help our pace bowlers more now. The pitch could become livelier. The first innings might be the deciding one,\" Behera said. \"Central have a very good team, so we'll hope to put up a decent total. If Dinda bowls well, we'll definitely have a chance.\"We'll see how the wicket is, and which bowlers it will help. We'll make our plans only after that. I haven't seen the pitch yet, because it's still under the covers. We're hoping that it will help the pacers, given the rain.\"Central has injury concerns over pacer Praveen Kumar . \"Praveen's absence is a big advantage for us. He's an international player. He can get movement off any wicket. Let's hope our batsmen take advantage of his absence and play well,\" Behera said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913635", "title": "Bonham Carter had doubts over Miss Havisham role", "text": "Helena Bonham Carter has admitted she was offended when she was offered to take on the role of the jilted Miss Havisham in the new film version of Great Expectations.\"My first reaction was 'Am I that old?'\" the BBC quoted the actress as saying at a gala screening of the film on Sunday night.Bonham Carter said that despite her reservations about being too young to play the bitter spinster, director Mike Newell managed to persuade her that she was ideal for the part.\"He said if you go back to the the book and work out the mathematics she is only 56. I said 'yeah but I'm 45', and he said it spans from age 27 to 56 - and I thought what an original idea.\"Then I found that Gillian Anderson was doing it [in a BBC TV version] and I thought 'not such an original idea!'\"Bonham Carter said Miss Havisham was \"definitely up my street\".\"In a way I'd already played her because I'd done the [Tim Burton animation] Corpse Bride. I only played her as a puppet, but there were a lot of similarities,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914366", "title": "Nick Cannon and Mariah Carey have candy room", "text": "Nick Cannon has revealed that he and his wife Mariah Carey have a candy room in their Los Angeles house and he likes spending most of his time there.The 'America's Got Talent' host, who has 18-month-old twins Moroccan and Monroe with Carey, confessed that he and the 'Hero' hitmaker created a candy room in their Los Angeles home - complete with photo booths and tubs full of their favourite treats.\"We have a nice side of the house where you can't sit on the couches,\" Contactmusic quoted him as telling Us magazine.\"I rarely go over there, I spend time here [in the candy room]. The kids go crazy for lollipops ,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909453", "title": "Demand for bus facility falls on deaf ears for 2 years", "text": "CHENNAI: It's been two years since the St Thomas Mount-Velachery Main Road was opened, but residents still have to travel to Guindy to board buses.The Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) has still not extended its services to this 5km stretch, which covers half a dozen residential clusters that were recently merged with the Chennai corporation. Sources in the MTC said they do not have adequate buses to operate on the stretch and in other interior areas in the southern suburbs.Two bus services (M18C Kilkattalai-Pammal and M50 Ambattur-Alandur ) use the road but do not halt because there are no bus stops. So, commuters from Alandur, Thillaiganga Nagar, Adambakkam, Puzhuthivakkam, Vannavampettai and Velachery have to walk to Medavakkam Main Road to board a bus.\"The nearest bus stop is at Guindy if we have to travel to the city. Share autos and autorickshaws do not operate in the suburbs except in Chitlapakkam ,\" said K Vinod, a resident of Adambakkam. A bus service would also help litigants who come to combined court complex at Alandur . \"Several representations have been given to MTC but the situation has not changed. Even judges and advocates have put in requests,\" said Alandur Lawyer's Association president B Bala Amuthanathan.The four-lane stretch between St Thomas and Velachery , which connects GST Road with the IT Corridor via Velachery Main Road, was opened in February 2010. It was laid at a cost of Rs 130 crore. It is part of a 35km road project to connect Thiruvanmiyur with Manali via Velachery, St Thomas Mount, Vadapalani, Koyambedu and Padi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16907930", "title": "Government treating Vid sickle cell patients poorly", "text": "NAGPUR: A RTI query by the Sickle Cell Society of India has revealed that the government has been giving equal amount of funds for the treatment of sickle cell anaemia patients to all the eight state-run hospitals even though the number of patients varies drastically.The RTI query revealed that city's Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) has received around Rs6,260 per patient from the state government while Mumbai's Grant Medical College that is attached to JJ Hospital has received Rs1,91,071 per patient in last four years.A total amount of Rs26.75 lakh has been forwarded by the state government to eight state-run hospitals for the current financial year (2012-13). Of this, Rs18.75 lakh comes from the coffer of Directorate of Medical Research and Education (DMER) and Rs8 lakh is given by National Rural Health Mission. The number of patients in the region is very high while that in cities like Mumbai is negligible. Yet the funds given to all the hospitals are equal.\"This equal distribution of funds is illogical when there is such a big difference in the number of patients who visit these hospitals. For example, hardly one sickle cell anaemia patient visits Grant Medical College in a month whereas there are more than 400 registered patients at GMCH, Nagpur. Hence, there is a perennial shortage of facilities and medicines for these patients at the medical colleges in Vidarbha,\" said president of SCSI Sampat Ramteke.\"From where would the hospitals bring the money to serve so many patients if the state does not provide them with it? Also, I am curious as to how the hospitals with such less number of patients are utilizing the huge funds that they are receiving,\" he added.Three months ago SCSI had approached DMER, NRHM as well the Directorate of Health Services seeking information on the number of sickle cell patients in the state. Surprisingly, none of these organizations had any updated patient registry information.\"When they do not have this basic information, what logic are they using to allot the funds? Are the state agencies and government keeping no accounts or tabs on how these hospitals are spending the money?\" he asked. Calling it another instance of disproportionate fund distribution among state-run projects in Vidarbha and Western Maharashtra, Ramteke requested the political leaders from the region to push this matter before the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16913254", "title": "Driver throws his hat in Musti Kalaga", "text": "MYSORE: Every year, resembling the gladiatorial combats of ancient Romans, men from Jetti community fight it out in the battle field to entertain the viewers.Though confined to a private affair of Mysore royal family, 'Vajra Musti Kalaga'(Blood sport), an ancient martial art form, preserved and practised by Jetti community, is a prestigious occasion for this 39-year-old KSRTC Volvo bus driver. For, Manjunath J Jetti will showcase his prowess on October 24 when he will take on another Jetti either from Bangalore, Chamarajanagar or Channapatna, inside Mysore Palace. Manjunath says everyone in the Jetti community craves for playing the sport on 'matti' (red soil) at least once in their lifetime.\"I got this opportunity for the first time. In our community, we don't sacrifice animal blood to God, but give our own blood in this form to our presiding deity Nimbhuja devi,\" he adds. Manjunath was selected by Sadanada Subbajettappa's Jetti Garadi trustees to represent Mysore this year.C Maheshwaran, a community member, told TOI that the ferocious sport was preserved by only Jetti community. This ancient art form flourished during Vijayanagara period.\"Senior Jettis were accorded the status of Rajagurus and they were experts in formulating defence strategies besides training Maharajas and the young member who used to participate in various bouts across the country. Jettis had in-depth knowledge about anatomy and possessed extraordinary skills in wrestling,\" he said.Jettis originally hail from Delmal in Gujarat and migrated to south India seeking patronage for wrestling from Maharajas during the 11th century.Maheshwaran claims that Vajramusti Kalaga is purely a sport and it has no religious significance. The sport is called off as soon as blood oozes out from any participant. Here there is no winner or loser, but is conducted as a tradition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16911452", "title": "Minor girl gang-raped in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: A minor girl was gang-raped allegedly by three youths in Itaunja area, police said today.The incident occurred on Saturday night when the three youths barged into the residence of the 14-year-old victim and raped her, they said.An FIR was lodged against Jitendra, Pramod and Madan Yadav yesterday when the girl narrated the incident to her parents, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907619", "title": "Govt begins consultant hunt for JP International Centre", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government's ambitious project of 'Jai Prakash Narain International Centre' which boasts of most modern and world class 'modular convention centre' and 'Olympic size swimming pool' in the city will involve a cost of about Rs 350 crore. The project that was started five years ago during Mulayam's previous tenure has finally seen the light of the day and the hunt for the most suitable consultant has begun.When the project kicked off about five years ago, Rs 150 crore was sanctioned against the same. With SP coming to power this year again, big plans have been incorporated and hence the cost has shot up significantly. Vice-chairman of LDA (the nodal agency), Rajiv Aggarwal explains the reason for cost escalation, \"There is a lot of change in features and facilities we would give to the public. When the project started five years ago, the idea was to bring up a theatre style auditorium with about 3,500 seating capacity. But with passage of time, many such old designed auditoriums have come up in the city, so the idea had lost its relevance. This time we have thought of a huge modular conference hall that can be split into three parts, as per requirement.\" The conference hall would accommodate as many as 2,000 persons. Another highlight is the Olympic-size swimming poolThe whole project is proposed on approximately 18 acres in Vipin Khand, Gomtinagar. This upcoming iconic building is the dream project of SP government and would also include a guest house with 100-room facility, a library and museum. \"The museum would be inspired by socialist leader and the independence activist, Jai Prakash Narayan,\" adds Aggarwal. The project would take around 33 months to get completed.The convention centre would include lobby, pre-function area, a multi-purpose conference or banquet hall with 2,000 seats, two seminar halls, two multi-purpose meeting halls with 200 seats capacity each, a mother kitchen, a reading lounge and restaurants including service kitchen.Ravi Jain, town planner in LDA said, \"We have invited the bids and would be selecting the suitable candidate for constructing the mega project on October 31. We are ensuring that every aspect of the building along with its surroundings remain green.\" The project is located near Lohia park.The other facilities in its sports complex would be children's pool, a gymnasium or a health centre and a covered multi-purpose hall for various sports like basketball, volley ball, badminton, table tennis, squash, snooker, billiards etc. Aggarwal said, \"The changes that have been brought in the design and would require funds nearly Rs 350 crore.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16908487", "title": "Man, son murdered", "text": "A gang of unidentified people brutally attacked a man and his son, killing them on the spot, at the Khadki village near Daund, about 70 km from here on Sunday afternoon. The Daund police have identified the deceased as Jalindar Kale (58) and his son Ganesh (32), both residents of Khadki. The attack appears to be a fallout of a land dispute, the police said. Sub-divisional police officer (Daund) Shankar Kengar said the incident took place around noon. The gang attacked Kale and his son with sharp weapons and fled. \"The impact was such that both of them died on the spot,\" he said.Kale had a dispute with some people in the village over a piece of land. A heavy police bandobast has been deployed in the area.Woman killed in accident: A 62-year-old woman died on the spot when she was hit by a motorcycle in Nigdi Pradhikaran on Monday morning. The police have identified the deceased as Vimal Chandrakant Jagtap of Akurdi. The motorcycle rider fled after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mirati (birbhum)", "code": "16909399", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee walks half-a-kiometre", "text": "MIRATI (BIRBHUM): In his younger days, Pranab Mukherjee would trek five km daily to school. As the country's first citizen, Mukherjee now has a fleet of transport of all kinds. Nonetheless, on Sunday, he had to walk half a kilometre to inaugurate a new building in the first high school in his native village, Mirati, as the road isn't wide enough for cars to negotiate.The school is named after Mukherjee's father Kamadakinkar. The President's son Abhijit, MP from Jangipur in Murshidabad that Mukherjee vacated, donated the land for the school.In his brief speech at the Kamadakinkar Smriti Vidyalaya, Mukherjee said: \"There is significant development in education in our country. The amount of funds in the budget allotted to education is being increased every year. We have to spread the light of education everywhere and touch everyone.\"Hundreds of villagers were pleasantly surprised when the President went to the enclosures where the villagers were eating in the backyard of Mukherjee's ancestral house. \"Sabai bhalo kare khaben, kichu lagle absoy cheye neben (please have your lunch with contentment. If you need anything please ask for it without hesitation),\" he said.Despite stringent security, there was no restriction on villagers. Like previous years, they thronged the compound of the Durga temple in the courtyard.He is in Mirati to conduct the Durga Puja rituals and be priest of the ancestral puja for four days. He used to perform the puja even when he was foreign, defence and finance minister.Mukherjee, however, did not go to the ghat at the nearby canal to perform some rituals. Instead, Abhijit performed them this year. Mukherjee entered the temple around 9am, spoke to family members and villagers and chanted from the book 'chandi' when the puja began. But that event was not visible from outside as he did it in a closed door room. Mukherjee offered flowers to the deity and left after the aarti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16912943", "title": "Revelers hold city hostage", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The capital city came to a screeching halt with a large number of puja revellers hitting the streets for last-minute shopping and pandal-hopping on Sunday evening. Commuters had a harrowing time with bumper to bumper traffic and a sea of humanity out on the roads for as far as the eye could see.All roads in the city leading to the railway station, Raj Mahal, Unit-I and Unit-II market areas were choc-a-block with traffic till late into the night. Though traffic police blocked several cuts on major roads, traffic conditions were especially woeful on Cuttack Road, Kharvela Nagar, Satya Nagar, Master Canteen Square, Rajamal to AG Square, Bapuji Nagar and Mausi Ma Square overbridge. These areas witnessed endless traffic jams during the day time, which only worsened in the evening.It took motorist Manas Mohanty nearly an hour to travel from Vani Vihar to Ashok Nagar on Sunday, which otherwise takes only 10 minutes. \"The traffic was just impossible and you feel utterly helpless sitting on the vehicle,\" he fumed.The unprecedented traffic congestion was due to a large number of parked vehicles, allegedly covering over 50% of city roads, and the absence of proper traffic management, people complained. The problem was further aggravated by street vendors occupying the roads, leaving little space for commuters.Traffic police, however, blamed the situation on the unexpected increase in the number of vehicles on city roads. \"We have been towing vehicles parked on roads and blocking roads. But the number of vehicles has increased unbelievably in the city. We are trying our best to manage the traffic and also to keep it on a move but sometimes things are going out of control,\" said a senior traffic inspector. \"We are trying our best to deal with the festive rush and have deployed police personnel every 500 meters,\" added Binod Das, ACP traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16911769", "title": "CM to meet industrialists today", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan will meet a group of industrialists on Monday under the series of interaction with industrialists for promoting industrial investment in the state.A government spokesman said Chouhan will hold direct discussions with industrialists on various projects. Those who will call on him include chairman of J K Sam (central) Limited, New Delhi Yadupati Singhania, managing director of Zuari Fertilizer and Chemicals Limited , S Krishnan and executive vice-chairman H S Bawa, full- time director of Laxmi Cement Limited S K Wali, MIT Pune's S Kulkarni and SM Dyecam Industry Amhedabad's Rajesh Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16913158", "title": "CFO optimism hits nine-month high", "text": "COIMBATORE: The optimism about the overall economic conditions among Chief Financial Officers (CFOs) of companies has hit a nine month high, a latest survey has found. The optimism level for the overall macroeconomic condition for last quarter of 2012 stands at 60, an 8.1 point increase compared to the previous quarter, a Dun &amp; Bradstreet (D&B;) India survey among CFOs about financial health of their respective companies, business risk environment and the macroeconomic situation showed.This has been led by increase in the optimism level of CFOs in the industrial sector (optimism level ranges from 0 to 100; 0 being pessimistic and 100 being optimistic). Around 56% of the surveyed CFOs said the macroeconomic scenario for corporates would remain favourable during the last quarter of 2012 (Q4), an increase of 29% over the previous quarter.Around 50% of the surveyed CFOs consider operating profit margins of their company to improve during Q4. Of the surveyed CFOs, 39% expect cost of funds to decrease in Q4 as against only 23% in the previous quarter. Further, 50% of those surveyed expect availability of funds to increase during Q4, an increase of 15% over the previous quarter.About 70% of the surveyed CFOs wanted to focus on overall cost control while 47% preferred to focus on overall cash flow management during the next six months. \" The CFO survey reveals that the optimism level stands at a three quarter high. The recent reform announcements have lifted sentiments within the domestic industry and renewed interest of foreign institutional investors in the Indian market ,\" said Mohan Ramaswamy, chief operating officer, D&B; India.However, CFOs still remain cautious with respect to the overall cost structure. Inflation is on the rise and the second round impact of the fuel price hike announced by the government during end of the third quarter of 2012 is yet to show it full impact. \"Thus, controlling cost and proper cash flow management has probably emerged as key priorities for majority of the CFOs which would aid in protecting margins,\" Ramaswamy said. Further, CFOs expect liquidity conditions to improve and the overall cost of funds to ease during the forthcoming quarter, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16906911", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal\u2019s motives questioned", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday was angrily confronted by a woman claiming to be an ex-IAC member, questioning the ideology of his anti-corruption movement outside the venue of his press meet in Ghaziabad. The elderly woman, Annie Kohli, came there along with a few supporters while Kejriwal was parading some of the injured persons before the media who had clashed with Delhi Police when they were prevented from entering the residence of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda.The protesters accompanying Annie shouted slogans and levelled allegations against Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia, saying they were using the anti-corruption movement for their own gains. When the sloganeering continued, Kejriwal said he would talk to the detractors and understand what their grievances were. He added that he did not know the woman.Annie, who is based in Mumbai, tried to enter the premises along with her supporters but was prevented by the police. Kejriwal soon came out and listened to Annie who asked him whether he was a revolutionary or a Gandhian or a politician.Annie distributed a pamphlet in which she raised a question about Kejriwal's ideology. \"The independence struggle has two streams of protests. One the revolutionary path of Bhagat Singh, and another that of Mahatma Gandhi. Which one do you follow? Once you answer this, I will raise another nine questions,\" she said in the pamphlet.\"You speak with lots of affection but you are doing politics. You are using this as a ladder. Revolutionaries never ran away from sufferings. But you, when the time came, ran away,\" Kohli alleged.Annie also accused Kejriwal of playing with the sentiments of people. \"You were on protest with disabled people in Salman Khurshid's case. First you said you will sit there till you get results. But after four days, you left the place saying now you will go to Farukkhabad,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914085", "title": "Rehaan Roy shoots for Haunted Nights", "text": "Talented and smart Rehaan Roy, who impressed one and all with his acting abilities as Rishi in Ravi Ojha Production's Sajda Tere Pyaar Mein is all set to appear in an upcoming story of Sahara One's Haunted Nights.Rehaan who is a popular name in Bengal has been roped into play the main lead.Sources inform that the Rehaan will play the role of Soham who is about to get married to a spirit on the show. The story is titled as Mridula and will revolve around Soham's character. The episodes will be telecast around November first week.When contacted, \"Yes, I am doing the show but I can't divulge details on my role. It's an interesting role and I am excited to do it. For me Channel or slot doesn't matter as long as the character interests me and I get paid well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "16912133", "title": "Labourer dies in wall collapse", "text": "BAHRAICH: A labourer got trapped in the debris as the wall of a house collapsed while a pillar was being constructed here on Saturday. He was admitted to the hospital but succumbed to the injuries. The police have sent the body for post mortem. According to report, Ravi Kumar Rastogi's house near Chhayakuan Chauraha under city kotwali is undergoing renovation work. A pillar that was being put up caused the wall of Rastogi's neighbour Rajkumar Soni's shop collapse and a labor Lallu Ram was trapped in the debris. tnnResidents helped the labourer out of the debris and got him admitted to the district hospital but he succumbed to the injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16908803", "title": "'We can't believe he is no more'", "text": "CHENNAI: For 21-year-old Ashwin, the news of his brother's death is yet to sink in. \"He called me last night to wish me luck for my CAT exam. I never thought that it would be the last time I'll be talking to him. He was my hero and role model. I lost my brother and confidant,\" said the 21-year-old, fighting tears. His parents T S Vasu Deva Kumar and Jamuna have gone to Kerala to bring back Arun's body.Arun's family finds it hard to accept that he committed suicide and hopes that a departmental inquiry would bring out the truth. \"We still can't believe that he is no more. He was the eldest son and the most-pampered. There is no reason for him to take this extreme step,\" said his aunt Amara Ravi. Arun's family recalled the happy-go-lucky youth who always wanted to join the Navy. \"I still remember how happy he was when he joined the Navy in 2003. We weren't surprised since he was a good student. He last visited us on September 30,\" said Ashwin, adding that Arun aspired to be captain one day.Arun also won the President's best cadet medal during his passing out parade in 2011. Arun's passion is evident from the line of awards, medals and trophies that adorn his room in Kamkshi Nagar house. \"He was interested in squash, basketball and archery,\" his cousin Avinash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16914476", "title": "Grandiose themes make puja pandal budget soar", "text": "VARANASI: The Durga puja organising committees, which hold the celebration in residential colonies and interior areas have also started making efforts to pull crowds with thematic decoration of their pandals and this bid has led to higher expenses. For that purpose, the puja committees are welcoming sponsorships and donations from educational institutions to meet the requirement of displaying large and attractive puja pandals and idols.Puja committee member from Nati Imli area Amit Tiwari, said, \"Last year, all expenses of puja were met under Rs 80,000, but this year we have raised our budget to over Rs 2 lakh. For the first time, a thematic pandal has been prepared in our area. For last five to six years, residents of the colony lost interest in the colony's Durga puja, but the new concepts and thematic decorations this year is attracting crowd even from other areas\".To attract more devotees and visitors, the low budget sporting clubs are also organising Jagran, Bhandara and cultural programmes for local children on eighth and ninth days of Navratra. At the same time, they have also increased the expenses on decorations of roads leading to pandal in their locality.According to Shyam Singh, secretary of a sporting club at Chowkaghat area, collecting donations for the puja is the most difficult task. \"Unlike major pandals at market places, we hardly collected Rs 50,000 to Rs 55,000 from around 1,000 families dwelling in our locality, which did not permit us to hold grand scale celebrations. As per the current trend and growing competitions, we sought sponsorships this year and this has increased our budget allowing us to widen the scope of celebrations\", informed Singh.Interestingly, coaching institutions, local industries, retail outlets are the major sectors which are providing sponsorships to puja committees. According to puja organisers, advertisement banners and posters of different sizes costing from Rs 500 to Rs 50,000 are displayed at the gates and side walls of the pandals and this has brought some relief to the committees.\"While the trend of sponsorship is helping puja organisers hold grand celebrations, we are also increasing the number of members in their sporting clubs and puja committees, who are collecting donations from several schools, institutions and businessmen apart from local residents of the area\", informed Dhirendra Tripathi, a puja committee member from Maidagin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907712", "title": "Minor quarrel over garbage turns violent, one killed", "text": "JAIPUR: A dispute among women over clearing of garbage at a rented house situated in Shankar Vihar Colony proved fatal for a 26-year-old married man who was beaten up so severely by three men that he succumbed to his injuries. The victim and the attackers lived as tenants in the same house that had 10 rooms to be rented out.The incident took place at 10 pm on Saturday night when four tenants of the house returned home from work. Earlier in the day the women in the house had a heated argument over the clearing of garbage. After their husbands came home they told them too about the matter.One of the tenants identified as Sita Ram (26) was angry as the other tenants had collected the garbage and put it near the house. He entered into heated exchange of words which turned violent and the others started beating him up with batons and iron rods, police said.\"He sustained grave head injuries and was taken to Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital where he succumbed to the injuries during wee hours on Sunday,\" said Shiv Ratan Godara, circle inspector, Jawahar Circle police station.The other tenants fled when a police team reached the house. The police told the women to send the men to Jawahar Circle police station.According to the police, the double-storey house was built to be rented out for which the landlord had made 10 rooms.\"Five rooms were occupied by various tenants who are working as labourers at jewellery shops. The primary investigation suggested that the accused including Shiv Prakash, Rajesh and Bhagwan Sahai were behind thrashing the young man,\" said a senior police officer.The victim is survived by a 5-year-old son and a wife, according to the police.According to the police, the confrontation lasted for almost one hour and nobody in the locality intervened in the matter. By Sunday evening the police had rounded up at least four persons for questioning.It is not the first case when a scuffle over a trivial issue proved fatal as this year till now three persons including a 50-year-old man have been killed over minor disputes such as parking and road rage.July 4, 2012 - In an apparent case of road rage, a 22-year-old man was burnt to death by two unidentified youths over an altercation with him following a minor accident in Mahesh Nagar locality. The unidentified youths poured petrol on the victim and set him on fire in the city's Mahesh Nagar area. According to the police, the deceased, identified as Dipendra Kumar, worked with a travel agency.June 26, 2012 - A 50-year-old man was killed by assailants following a dispute over parking of a vehicle in Adarsh Nagar localityFeb 15, 2012 - A 38-year-old man was beaten to death by unknown assailants in Hasanpura locality following a scuffle over overtaking of vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16909045", "title": "Study: IVF can increase the risk of birth defects", "text": "WASHINGTON: In vitro fertilisation (IVF) may significantly increase the risk of birth defects, particularly those of the eye, heart, reproductive organs and urinary systems, a new study has found.Researchers found that despite increasing use of IVF in the US, associations between birth defects and IVF are poorly understood. Management of birth defects comprises a large part of pediatric surgical care and demands significant health care resources.Researchers examined infants born in California from 2006-2007 after IVF and other treatments such as fertility-enhancing drugs or artificial insemination. They examined maternal age, race, the number of times the mother had given birth, infant gender, year of birth and presence of major birth defects.\"Our findings included a significant association between the use of assisted reproductive technology, such as certain types of in vitro fertilisation, and an increased risk of birth defects,\" said study author Lorraine Kelley-Quon, a general surgery resident at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center.Overall, 3,463 infants with major birth defects were identified among 4,795 infants born after IVF and 46,025 naturally conceived infants with similar maternal demographics. Birth defects were significantly increased for infants born after IVF, 9% versus 6.6% for naturally conceived infants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914303", "title": "Duchess Kate has 'great boobs': Cheryl Cole", "text": "Cheryl Cole, who bonded very well with Duchess Kate at Queen's jubilee celebration, has said that that royal has a \"great pair of boobs.\"\"We had this amazing moment. She's so... ordinary! I mean, obviously she isn't, because she's a princess, but she's easy to get along with,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying during an interview with Sunday Times Style magazine.\"As for those topless pictures? Disgusting.\"They were having a private moment and it was absolutely invaded.\"She does have a great pair of boobs though, right?\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16908812", "title": "Blind girls prepare famous lamps", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of Andh Kanya Prakash Gruh are giving final touches to the much sought after Diwali diyas at the institute. The lamps are popular in the city and often are often sent as gifts by top corporate houses, banks, central government offices and even families. \"It's quite interesting to watch our special students pour hot wax directly into the lamps without seeing it. It's a pain staking exercise and our students prepare these lamps with dedication. Nearly 210 students engage in this activity to raise funds for their education through the sale of these lamps,\" explains institute principal Smita Shah.Apart from making lamps, students at the institute do activities like book binding, weaving, making doormats and floor mops and making Rakhis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16911945", "title": "Annie Besant award for Joshi", "text": "INDORE: Senior educationist S K Joshi was conferred with fourth Annie Besant Award for Excellence in Education here by president of Annie Besant Group P K Yadav.Joshi was awarded for outstanding work in the field of education. He has contributed his services in the field of education for more than four decades and was given national award by the former president A P J Abdul Kalam in 2004.On this occasion, Puja Upadhyaya and Aarti Mandloi were given best teacher award. Inspector general of polic Anuradha Shankar and senior educationist M G Paranjape were present as guest of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909284", "title": "Two-hour power cuts till April 2013", "text": "CHENNAI: Two-hour scheduled power cuts, which were re-introduced in the city a few days ago, will continue till the end of April 2013.Sources in the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) said they had brought back twohour cuts to reduce power consumption . \"Wind energy generation has been zero since September 1, so our dependency on thermal power has increased ,\" said a source.The state's total electricity demand is 11,500MW, while the generation is 7,500MW. Most of the districts, including neighboring Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur, go without power for eight to 13 hours every day. This has crippled industrial growth in western Tamil Nadu, especially in Coimbatore , Erode and Tirupur.\"We cannot say the worst is over but we are taking some restrictive measures like extending the scheduled power cuts in the city. It will help us stabilise the power situation in the state,\" said a TNEB source. TNEB sources said the two thermal plants at North Chennai and Vallur, each with a capacity of 600MW, will be commissioned in November. In mid-2013 , two more plants at Vallur and one more at north Chennai will be commissioned.\"The trial runs at the Vallur and north Chennai power plants are being done. By the time these two plants start generating power in a month, the Mettur power plant with 600MW will be ready for commissioning . By January 2013, we will get an additional 1,500MW from these new projects . We will also get about 460MW from the total production of 1,000MW from the Kudankulam power plant,\" said the source.Officials said the new plants at north Chennai, Vallur and Mettur would function at full capacity only by mid-2013 . \"The initial months of 2013 will be difficult because we have neither wind energy nor the comfort of the monsoon and demand for electricity will be increasing,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16908094", "title": "Invasion of the jellyfish", "text": "PANAJI: Big fish eat smaller fish, but when a jellyfish does the same, it spells bad news for the coastal fisheries sector.Reason being, it may bring down the fish catch as this invertebrate can survive in relatively tougher conditions, say scientists from the National institute of oceanography (NIO).The invasion of jellyfish on some beach stretches in Palolem in Canacona, Utorda in Salcete, Miramar in Tiswadi and some other North Goa beaches has raised a concern as it spells trouble for the fisheries and tourism sector.\"The jellyfish explosion is alarming for coastal fishery as it consumes the food of the bigger fish,\" Baban Ingole, a NIO fisheries scientist said.The invertebrates are carnivores and feed on fish larvae, which is the staple of bigger fish. \"As jellyfish consume lots of food in the form of fish larvae and can tolerate high temperature as well as pollution, they provide competition to the bigger fish,\" Ingole said.Ingole and another NIO scientist, R A Sreepada, who had studied the jellyfish bloom in 2008, stated that the bigger fish may find it difficult to tolerate the increasing temperature and pollution levels in coastal waters. A decrease in the population of edible carnivorous fish species creates even more favourable conditions for jellyfish to bloom.\"Therefore, they will have abundant food available and less competition from other competitors and this can be one of the reasons for blooming of jellyfish,\" Ingole said. Their requirement and consumption of food is on a higher scale.Stretches of beaches in the affected areas have been covered with jellyfish in Goa, causing problems for swimmers and tourists. \"Their sting causes discomfort and the pain lasts for quite sometime,\" a lifeguard said. Tourists have problems in keeping away from floating jellyfish in the water.The invertebrates, which usually surface after the monsoon, also pose a threat to tourism activities. \"The jellyfish are highly toxic and if there is a sting, it can even result in fatality, but no such incidents are reported in India,\" Ingole said.A few years ago, many people were affected on the state's beaches by the sting of jellyfish, especially blue bottle which are also called Portuguese Man-O'-War. But it is not a true jellyfish, and is actually a Siphonophore - a colony of four sorts of polyps, Ingole and Sreepada stated in their study.The present sighting of jellyfish is possibly of moon jellyfish, Ingole said. A study to assess the consequences on Goan economy and growth patterns of the invertebrates is in order, he added.The probable causes of the jellyfish blooms are attributed to human activity, climate change and overfishing, among other factors. \"Most of the jellyfish blooms have several probable contributing causes. In Chinese waters, jellyfish blooms have followed warming, extensive eutrophication, fishing, construction and invasion,\" Ingole said.Coastal structures such as docks, marinas, breakwaters, oil platforms and artificial reefs, provide surfaces for jellyfishes to bloom. \"Most reported jellyfish blooms have occurred in heavily-populated areas surrounding semi-enclosed water bodies,\" Ingole said.The shipping transport and discharging of ballast water often has led to reporting of jellyfish in newer areas. \"Newly introduced species often display large initial blooms that become less intense, but the stage is set for subsequent large blooms under fortuitous conditions,\" Sreepada stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16908599", "title": "Indian, US Navies to undertake submarine rescue operations deep underwater", "text": "NEW DELHI: If an Indian submarine gets \"disabled'' deep underwater, the sailors are sunk since the country has only rudimentary submarine rescue facilities. Now, in a unique and complex endeavour, Indian and US Navies have come together to practice the rescue of \"trapped'' submariners from deep under the sea.The Indo-US submarine rescue exercise 'INDIAEX-2012' will kick off this week with the US Navy's Undersea Rescue Command flying down a submarine rescue system - a deep-submergence rescue vessel (DSRV) or a submarine rescue chamber (SRC) -- to Mumbai, sources said.The DSRV or SRC will then be shipped to the exercise area off Mumbai, where it will dive deep underwater to \"mate'' with \"disabled'' submarines to rescue sailors in intricate manoeuvres rarely practiced by Indian sailors.A DSRV or \"mini submarine'', equipped with pressurised chambers, sonars and cameras, can rescue 24 sailors at a time from a depth up to 610 metres after \"mating'' with a stricken vessel's hatch. At present, Indian sailors bank upon \"submarine escape pressurized suits'', or the help of diving support ships like INS Nireekshak, but they can be used only for relatively shallow depths.Navy's endeavour to procure two DSRVs of its own, for about Rs 1,000 crore, has been stuck for well over a decade. As an \"interim measure'' in 1997, India had inked a contract with US Navy for its \"global submarine rescue fly-away kit'' service, paying an initial $734,443 for it.But the agreement got derailed due to the post-Pokhran-II sanctions in 1998. It was later revived in 2004 but there has been a huge delay in setting up the requisite infrastructure needed for it. This also included fitting of 'Padeyes' - holding devices welded into submarine escape hatches to secure the DSRV - on Indian submarines. The US rescue system, as per the agreement, will be transported to India within 72 hours of an emergency.Proper submarine rescue facilities are critical for India since it has an ageing fleet of 14 diesel-electric submarines -- 10 Russian 'Kilo' class and four German HDW ones -- apart from the nuclear-powered INS Chakra leased from Russia earlier this year.There are also six French Scorpene \"killer'' submarines, being constructed at Mazagon Docks under the Rs 23,562 crore 'Project-75', slated for delivery in 2015-2020, three years behind schedule. India also hopes to make its own nuclear submarine INS Arihant operational next year, which is to be followed by two additional \"follow-on vessels''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16908454", "title": "2.83 lakh stolen from car showroom", "text": "PUNE: Unidentified persons broke into a car showroom in Baner and stole Rs 2.83 lakh during the early hours of Saturday.The accounts manager of the showroom, Jaykar Parit (26) of old Sangvi, has lodged a complaint with the Chatushrungi police station.Police said that according to the statement, Parit had received a cash payment from a customer on Friday evening. He had kept most of the money in a safe. The remaining Rs 2.83 lakh was kept in a wooden cup-board.Investigating officer S B Dhakane said that on Saturday, when the complainant opened the cupboard, he found that the cash was missing. \"The complainant also found that someone had managed to break into the cabin through the sliding doors,\" Dhakane said.He said the police have launched a search operation to trace the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16912001", "title": "RRI installed at Jhansi station for passengers' safety", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The work of installation of Route Relay Interlocking (RRI) at the Jhansi station has been completed which would go a long way in ensuring the safety of the passengers. Jhansi is one of the important railway junction of the Indian Railways through which about 150 to 200 trains pass every day. All trains connecting New Delhi to Southern India mostly pass through this station.Before the installation of RRI, the movement of trains were controlled through 10 cabins. With the new system, all signaling work is being controlled from a central postion at Jhansi station.The old signalling system working through levers have been removed and the RRI have been installed. In the new system, about 54 new signals, 38 calling on signal, 71 shunt signal, 111 point machines and 146 track circuits have been made operational.This work has been completed under the supervision of chief administrative officer, Indian Railways Project Management Unit (IRPMU) Kundan Chowdhry, chief signal and telecommunications engineer Anand Kumar, chief operating manager UK Singh and divisional railway manager of Jhansi division Naveen Chopra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909361", "title": "Agri group to focus on dual crop pattern for onion, garlic", "text": "NASHIK: The National Horticultural Research and Development Foundation (NHRDF) is planning to focus on intercrop farming for onion and garlic crops in the major onion growing states across the country.While Maharashtra is a major onion producer, it is followed by Karnataka, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh. NHRDF has been taking several measures to increase onion yield and production to meet demands. As part of this objective, the foundation has decided to focus on intercropping which will help farmers get the benefits of growing two crops at a time.Speaking to TOI, a senior NHRDF official said, \"We are planning to promote the intercrop pattern to help farmers benefit out of growing two crops at the same time. Both, onion as well as garlic, can be cultivated with sugarcane and chilly crops. While the duration of sugarcane and chilly crop is more compared to the former two, both root varieties can therefore be cultivated with sugarcane and chilly.\"He further said that NHRDF is focusing on Maharashtra, Gujarat, Krnataka and Madhya Pradesh for this dual crop pattern. This will help benefits not only the growth of two crops but will also increase onion yield.\"Maximum onion production can be undertaken with the use of technological intervention, micro irrigation and disease control measures. We are also promoting onion-growers to resort to micro irrigation, as most of the regions are facing water shortage. many farmers have started diverting to micro irrigation as an option.\"The official said that while most farmers in Maharashtra cultivating onion crop traditionally it has resulted in a drop in yield. NHRDF is therefore making efforts to educate the farmers to resort to new technology and use good quality seeds to increase the yield.\"We have developed around seven varieties of onion for all three crops - kharif, late kharif and the summer crop. These good quality seeds are being distributed to the farmers across the country and we are also creating awareness among the farming community to use the seeds.In Gujarat, reportedly, around 80% of the farmers are using these seeds, generating the highest yield of 25.48 tonnes per hectare. But onion yield remains around 14.03 tonnes per hectare in Maharashtra and 13.61 tonnes per hectare in Karnataka due to the use of traditional methods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "16908503", "title": "Nalanda administration gears up to maintain peace", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: The Nalanda district administrations is busy ensuring peace during Dussehra and Eid-ud-Zoha. The district administration, which efficiently handled mass congregations like Urs mela at Biharsharif and Malmas mela at Rajgir attended by thousands of pilgrims from across the country recently, is getting support from social and religious organizations in maintaining law and order during festivals.Salim Muniri of Mufidul Islam, Nalanda, said as the Nalanda residents are peace loving and the administration is pro-people, there is no question of any disturbance. Anil Kumar Bharti, head of Akhara Samiti, said, \"We have been living in peace and will always co-exist under any circumantances.\"Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal and SP Nishant Kumar Tiwari discussed preparations for the festivals with the district administration officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16907333", "title": "'Gang arrived when cops were around'", "text": "BANGALORE: A retired police officer points out that the sandalwood smugglers allegedly involved in the gang rape of a NLSIU student came to the Jnanabharathi campus around 5.30pm on Saturday.\"Most sandalwood smugglers operate at night. These men were cutting trees in the twilight despite knowing there would be people and police moving around,\" he said.The cracking of the gang rape case within a week of the crime comes in the wake of police officials initially expressing doubts over the victim's claims, inconclusive findings of medical tests and police trying to subject her friend, the prime witness, to a virility test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16908720", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad needs separate zones for hawkers", "text": "PUNE: The need for hawkers' zones in Pimpri Chinchwad has been felt again with the township facing problems of encroachments on roads and consequent traffic congestion.The Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation (PCMC) had recently asked the hawkers to stop holding weekly bazaar in Thergaon. But it succumbed to the pressure from agitating hawkers who are back on the streets selling their wares and causing traffic jams.The PCMC has never been able to create a hawkers' zone although it made a meek attempt to conduct a survey in 2008. Assistant commissioner and head of land records department Shahji Pawar said recently that a fresh survey has been started.As per the 2008 survey, there were 7,460 hawkers, which included about 1,000 people who move with handcarts and 1,287 people had handcarts at fixed places. There were 3,396 people who sold their wares in stalls and 2,287 others.In most areas, hawkers occupy roadside spaces. This has resulted in traffic problems near Bhakti Shakti chowk in Nigdi; Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj chowk in Bhosari; fish market at Santoshimata chowk in Nehrunagar; Chapekar chowk and Moraya Gosavi temple road in Chinchwadgaon.Mayor Mohini Lande said, \"The civic body will create hawkers' zones in all parts of the city. We held discussions with municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi before he went on a study leave. We will speak to him again after he comes back. The commissioner will take a final decision. There will be a common zone for two or three wards as we can't have one zone per ward due to shortage of suitable spaces.\" Deputy mayor Raju Misal too supported the need for such zones.Maval MP Gajanan Babar, who held an agitation in support of hawkers in Thergaon recently, said, \"The Union government tabled the hawkers bill in the budget session of Parliament in September. It sent directives to the state government to protect hawkers. The state, in turn, intimated the PCMC. The civic administration said it will complete the survey and issue licences by December 31. Meanwhile, it seized handcarts and goods of hawkers. This action was unwarranted because it is against the provisions of the new draft bill. At best, the PCMC can levy fine on them.\"Ruling party leader Mangala Kadam said, \"Hawkers dump waste and leftover goods on roads. Special zones for them will make the city clean and beautiful. At the same time, people should show the readiness to walk small distances to buy goods from such zones.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16908685", "title": "Demand for festival \u2018gifts\u2019 rising: CBI", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The festive season has set the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) helpline number ringing. In the last one week, the Sector 30 headquarters of CBI has received about six verbal complaints that \"bribe in the form of gifts\" was being sought.The calls have been received from Chandigarh and Punjab. Two of these were made by traders. Sources in CBI said, \"Gifts do not only include money, but cars, registry of a plot, blank cheques, branded wines and shopping too.\" The accused among others include civil servants and policemen. The callers have been told to appear in the agency office to lodge a formal complaint, as action on the basis of telephonic complaint was difficult.A senior CBI officer said, \"Accepting bribe in the form of gifts is nothing new. But due to the festive season, we are receiving a number of such complaints.\"\"During probe into most of the corruption cases \u2014 wherein much property and foreign wines, among others, were recovered \u2014 it was found that the accused had accepted these in the form of gifts,\" he added.During its earlier investigations, CBI had found that in most of the cases the bribe-seekers engaged middlemen for accepting the graft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16912908", "title": "Petition questions Odisha Mining Corporation\u2019s chrome ore selling procedure", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Controversy has hit Odisha Mining Corporation (OMC) over its decision to sell chrome ore of the same grade at the same location at different prices, with a former MP challenging the state-owned undertaking's auction procedure in court.\"In the matter of auction sale of chrome ore/chrome concentrate by fixing two different rates for the same material for Odisha-based and outside Odisha-based bidders, (OMC) not only committed irregularities in the matter of sale of the precious chrome ore but also caused huge loss to the government,\" Balgopal Mishra said in his petition to Orissa high court. The case pertains to OMC's tenders floated on September 3 for auction sale of chrome ore and chrome concentrate from its Kaliapani and south Kaliapani mines in Jajpur.Mishra further challenged OMC supplying chrome ore to private companies that have mining lease for chromite mines. \"Although the eligibility criteria in the tender call notice provides that the lessee company, which has been given lease of chrome ore mines, or any company connected thereto shall not be eligible for participating in the bidding for purchase of chrome ore, but they have been allowed and chrome ore is being sold to those companies/lease holders of chrome mines,\" the petition said.Describing these as \"gross illegalities\", Mishra, also an ex-MLA, claimed that Jindal Stainless Limited (which has set up a plant at Kalinga Nagar, Jajpur) is not eligible to participate in the bid as it has got mining lease, but OMC has been selling the raw material to the company.OMC chairman-cum-managing director Saswat Mishra refused to comment on the allegations. \"The matter is already sub-judice. The Orissa high court has granted a stay and we have stopped sales operations,\" he said.Mining sector insiders said prior to adopting the e-auction route OMC used to fix price of chrome ore through price setting tender (PST) and all chrome-based industries in the country were allowed to participate irrespective of the date of commissioning of their plants. \"The price fixed by OMC for each grade of chrome ore was uniformly applicable to all buyers, whether Odisha-based or outside. While 70% of the total chrome ore was being sold to state-based buyers, 30% was being sold to outside state buyers. The price was the same for all,\" a mining source said.\"Thereafter, OMC has introduced two separate e-auctions for sale to state-based and outside state buyers. A limited number of buyers of the state bid for 70% of the chrome ore, while outside buyers bid for 30% of the raw material. For the same grade material, another state can afford more than Rs 1,000 per metric tonne than state-based buyers,\" the source added.OMC sources, however, discounted the charges. \"Through auction the same saleable material can be sold at different prices. There is nothing wrong with it,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16908591", "title": "Delimitation dilemmas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Choryasi in Surat will go to the polls this December with just 3.02 lakh voters. As a result, winning candidates here will no longer be able to boast of massive victory margins. In 2007, Gujarat's assembly constituencies had not gone through the process of delimitation and Choryasi had more than 15 lakh voters. This allowed BJP's Narottam Patel to win the seat with a margin of over 3.46 lakh votes. In effect, the margin in 2007 was more than the total number of voters today.Election Commission (EC) officials say delimitation took place after a gap of nearly 20 years leading to the constituency shrinking and voter count dropping. The last delimitation had taken place in 1976.Officials add that delimitation is conducted keeping in view an increase in population. Before delimitation, there was a huge gap between the number of voters in different assembly segments. While some segments had 64,000 voters, others housed 15 lakh voters. The new delimitation brought about uniformity. Now, all the 182 assembly segments in Gujarat are in the range of 1.44 lakh to 3.02 lakh voters.Till the last assembly election, Choryasi was the second biggest assembly constituency in Gujarat. After the boundary was redrawn, it is now one-sixth of its original size but still the biggest assembly segment in Surat.\"The entire exercise was taken up by the Delimitation Commission, which redraws boundaries of assembly and Lok Sabha constituencies based on the latest census. Representation from each state is not changed during this exercise. However, the numbers of SC and ST seats in a state are changed in accordance with the census,\" said an official. The exercise also helps in identifying reserved seats of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes.The recommendations of the 2002 Delimitation commission were approved by the President in 2008.With boundaries of 60 out of the 182 constituencies being re-drawn in Gujarat, fortunes of the two main parties - the Congress and the BJP - is likely to be influenced in the 2012 assembly elections. Delimitation has altered several equations, including caste and political following. This has also forced legislators to reach out to voters in newer segments after the change in composition.Many seats which fall under reserved categories for SC and ST have been changed to general categories and those which were in general categories have come under the reserved bracket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907782", "title": "Now, Rajasthan Technical University students to have one attempt only to improve internal score", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan Technical University (RTU) has reduced the number of attempts that can be made by its students to improve their internal marks from eight to one from the coming session.The decision was considering that more the number of attempts, higher the mark a 'repeater' scores than those candidates who appeared once. Secondly, it will help colleges on cutting down extra efforts to conduct exams and accommodating results.\"Many a time, results got delayed due to pending internal marks of the 'repeaters.' From now on, it will not only help the colleges but also the university and encourage seriousness among students,\" said RP Yadav, vice-chancellor of RTU. Students of the first year are now eligible to appear for re-examination only in their third year. It meant that there should be a gap of one semester for repeating the exam. The decision will affect around 2 lakh students enrolled in engineering, management and MCA courses run by RTU.Meanwhile, RTU is gearing-up for a major change in the syllabi of all subjects aiming to keep in tune with the industry needs and changing academics formats. The university is holding a workshop with industry people on November 24 to take their feedback on the changes they feel are necessary. \"This change is routine but with a difference. This time we are involving the corporate aiming to curb the dwindling number of placements,\" Yadav said. This year, RTU had the worst placements with only 15% of the eligible students taking jobs during the placement session. It has forced RTU to take rigorous steps towards strengthening its placements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16912829", "title": "LLR junior doctors indulge in violence", "text": "KANPUR: One patient died and several others were deprived of treatment at Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital after the junior doctors went on strike following a quarrel between the kin of a patient and junior doctors on Sunday. The health services were crippled for more than five hours due to the ruckus created by the medicos who did not spare even the newspersons.Seema Yadav (25), wife of Balbir Yadav from Akbarpur was brought to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital on Sunday morning around 8.30 am. She was suffering from severe burn injuries received during cooking. She was initially admitted to the emergency ward under the treatment of Dr Vikas Katiyar. Later, the patient was shifted to burn ward around 1.30 pm.During the time of shifting, junior doctor Vivek Pandey asked Balbir to bring some medicines for Seema. The prescribed medicines were to be brought from the medical stores outside the hospital. When the kin urged the doctor to prescribe medicines from hospital only, the JR allegedly slapped Balbir and asked him to take his patient away.Balbir's brother and former SP leader Raju Singh Yadav and his friend Nitin Yadav tried to support him. This made the junior doctor more angry. Pandey and his other doctor friends started beating the relatives of Seema. The attendants of other patients who tried to intervene were also manhandled by the JRs.The large number of medicos grappled with the kin of patient. The relatives of the patient forgot about her and ran to police outpost to save themselves.The brutality of JRs continued. Shockingly, the JRs chased the kin of Seema and started beating them in the outpost in front of policemen.The police remained silent and the JRs continued to beat the relatives of the patient. When the situation went our of control, they run towards Swaroop Nagar police station. \"The JRs tried to barge into the police station but when the police stopped them from doing so. They broke windowpanes of my car parked in front of burn ward and tried to set it ablaze,\" alleged Nitin, a kin of Seema.Even the newspersons were not spared by unruly mob of JRs. They attacked a press photographer, who was shooting the ruckus created by them, broke his camera and slapped him. The brutality of JRs did not end there. They went on strike and boycotted the work as well as emergency services. The strike started at some 2.30 pm which continued till 7 in the evening.The JRs strike stopped the health and treatment services. Seema died in the absence of treatment. Several other patients left unattended from the hospital.The juniors even misbehaved with acting principal, Dr PK Singh and Dr SK Arora who went to emergency ward after getting information of the matter. SP west Bharat Singh, city magistrate Avinash Singh and other officers reached the spot.The senior administrative and police officials tried to pacify the JRs, who alleged that the fight was started by kin of Seema and it was Balbir who slapped junior doctor Vivek. The officials succeeded in persuading the JRs to call off the strike.Eye-witnesses claimed that it was the junior doctors who has started the fight. But the officials were forced to believe the JRs who threatened to continue the strike if action was taken against them.\"Both sides are making allegations against each other. The principal of Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College is out of town. I am only an acting principal. The matter is serious and action will be initiated against the kin of patient and JRs,\" said Dr PK Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16908549", "title": "Madurai adheenam dissolves trust formed by Nithyananda", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai Adheenam Trust, formed by senior pontiff Arunagirinatha Desikar and self styled godman Nithyananda, was dissolved by the adheenam on Sunday.Desikar on Sunday told reporters, \"I feel the trust served no purpose.\" The alleged violations in forming the trust were cited as one of the main reason by the state government for its decision to take over the mutt.The move comes following a petition filed by the Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Department (HR&CE;) in the principal sub-court in Madurai seeking the removal of Desikar for alleged violations of Tamil Nadu Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Act by forming the trust.The petition filed by HR&CE; commissioner P Dhanapal stated that the mutt head had violated several provisions of the act by forming a trust and selling the adheenam's land without prior permission or sanction from the government. The trust was formed on April 23, 2012, with Desikar and Nithyananda as trustees. It was on the same day that Nithyananda was chosen as the junior pontiff of the adheenam.Nithyananda announced that he would build schools and colleges in Madurai through the trust. But the HR&CE; department contended that appointment of Nithyananda and formation of the trust was in violation of the act. The petition alleged that the objective of the trust was to usurp the properties of the mutt.Hindu organisations, who had protested Nithyananda's appointment, said the dissolution of the trust was a move by Desikar to preempt the government's attempt to take over the mutt. Desikar admitted that the trust was being dissolved in the wake of the HR&CE; petition terming the trust as illegal. Desikar said he had asked Nithyananda's supporters to remove their belongings from the mutt within two days. Nithyananda had brought several furniture for his personal use to the mutt.When reporters asked Desikar if Nithyananda made attempts to oust him from the adheenam, Desikar said it was impossible for a junior pontiff to remove a senior pontiff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16912258", "title": "Veil comes off Maa Durga to thunderous welcome in pandals", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Amidst recitation of mantras and chanting of shlokas, the idol of Maa Durga was installed at different puja pandals in the city on Saturday on the occasion of Maha Shasthi of the Sharadiya Navratri. Excitement gripped the pandals as the idol was unveiled by priests after the customary puja.At Colonelgunj, Darbhanga, South Malaka, Bai Ka Bagh, George Town , Tagore Town, Allengunj, Katra and other areas, the number of visitors doubled with the formal entry of Goddess Durga, said organisers who performed pushpanjali an offering of flowers and coconut to the deity.The idols was awakened on Sunday (Maha Saptami) after conducting praan pratishtha (infusing of life) and Chakshu Daan (granting of vision) and performing Usha aarti amidst beating of drums by traditional dhakiyas (drum players) without whom no ceremony is complete, opined an organiser, Atanu Bhattacharya.He said a bronze plate would also be beaten alongside the drums to usher 'mangal dhwani' and dhakiyas would perform right from Maha Saptami till the time of visarjan (immersion of idol in the river).Themes ranging from the spiritual abode of the young Indian sage Swami Vivekanand, the Belur Math to a typical Indian village and lifestyle of Santhals are occupying space at different Barwarias across the city.On the other hand, the temples of Goddess Kalyani Devi, Alop Shankari and Lalita Devi were thronged by devotees who made a beeline to catch a glimpse of the deity and seek their blessings with the onset of Navratri.The temples considered Shakti Peeths occupy an important place in the history of Indian mythology considering the fact that they are associated with the different facets of life of these goddesses.With the goddess assuming different forms on each successive day, the shringar (decoration) is conducted accordingly, informed head priest Sushil Pathak, adding that real gold and silver ornaments have been used to decorate the idol. Devouts offer nishaan and also perform mundan sansakar (head tonsuring ceremony) at the temple on the occasion of Navratri.A variety of cultural events, including dance, drama, song and talent competitions are lined up at different Barwaris in the city after the performance of the evening aarti, informed office-bearer Shantanu Bhaduri", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907934", "title": "Kidnapper wanted to give boy to childless kin", "text": "MUMBAI: A trail through Lucknow, Banaras and Patna took the Dongri police to the five-year-old boy who was kidnapped from the city last week. On Sunday, the police reunited the boy, Manthan, with his parents and brought the accused back to Mumbai to be produced in the court.The boy was kidnapped on October 18 by Rakesh Raghuvanshi, a scrap dealer in Dongri market. Raghuvanshi, reportedly, wanted to give the child to his childless sister who lives in Bihar.According to police officials, Raghuvanshi had kidnapped Manthan at 5pm when he was with his grandmother at their vegetable shop in Dongri market. \"Raghuvanshi, whom the family knew only by face, asked the grandmother if he could take the boy to play. He took the child and never returned after that,\" said Krishna Prakash, Addl CP. Manthan's father, Ganesh Jadhav, filed a police complaint when the family couldn't find the child.Police said they zeroed in on Raghuvanshi after Manthan's grandmother's statement. On tracking the accused's number, it was found that he had boarded Pawan Express to Muzaffarpur. \"We had formed four teams to crack the case. As soon as we realized that the accused was on the train, we sent one squad to nab him,\" said Prakash. A police team was flown to Lucknow by the first flight that day. Meanwhile, Mumbai police also roped in Bihar police to ascertain Raghuvanshi's hometown.From Lucknow, the police went to Benaras, Patna and then to Sonepur. \"The trail was aided by police officials from Patna and Vaishali. Raghuvanshi hailed from Vaishali,\" a police official said. The police finally intercepted him on October 19 while he was alighting from a bus in Sonepur with Manthan,\" said Prakash.On interrogation, Raghuvanshi told the police that he liked Manthan and wanted to give him to his childless 38-year-old sister. \"He said that he couldn't stand his sister's pain and took the child along so that she could bring him up as her own child,\" said a police official.\"I am very thankful to the police for bringing back my child,\" said Rupali, Manthan's mother.Police said they are probing if the accused's sister knows about the plan. \"If she did, then we may book her as a co-accused,\" said Prakash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908073", "title": "Cocaine seized in Hyderabad from Goan driver", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police on Saturday arrested the driver of a Goa-Hyderabad bus entering Hyderabad and seized five grams of cocaine from him.At 9.30am, the special team of West Zone police led by inspector Mohammed Khaleel Pasha conducted a raid on the bus as it reached Nanal Nagar. Cocaine was concealed in a film magazine in possession of the vehicle's driver, Suren, from Goa.The market value of the seized material could be about 30,000. During interrogation, Suren said that a Nigerian national had handed over the narcotic substance to him in Goa and he was supposed to hand it over to a customer in Nanal Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16909224", "title": "Himachal Pradesh assembly polls: Women voters hold the key", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Women voters in Himachal, and even the political parties, may not be aware of it, but they hold the key to formation of the next government in the state. Election data from the state shows that more women are turning up to cast their votes than men. The irony being there are not many women candidates in the fray to take advantage of this form of empowerment.Among the three major political parties active in the state - Congress, BJP and the CPM - there are only 12 women candidates for the 68-member assembly. While Congress has fielded four, BJP has given tickets to seven and CPM only one. In 2007, Congress had fielded only six women and BJP five. This, in a state which was among the first in the country to implement 50% reservation for women in Panchayati Raj institutions.Considering the fact that during the past three assembly polls the percentage of women who voted was far better than men, it is surprising that political parties are either unaware of this trend or don't consider it to be a factor that can influence results. In 2007, the percentage of women voters was 74.55% while only 69.67% men turned up to exercise their franchise, a difference of almost 5%. While 16,27,491 men exercised their franchise, 16,90,794 women came out to choose representatives of their choice.Social scientists attribute this increased participation to higher literacy, better sex ratio and good participation in Panchayati Raj institutions, but when it comes to actual involvement in electoral politics the traditional socio-cultural and economic factors come into play.Out of the 336 contestants in 2007, only 25 were women (7.44%) and only 5 won, which gave them a representation of 4.35% in the assembly, a far cry from the desired 33%. From 1972 till 2007, only 19 women have won from 36 seats, some winning for more than one time, like Vidya Strokes who emerged victorious record seven times. Three women were made ministers for the first time in 2003 in the Congress government while the present BJP government has one woman minister. From 1952 till date only three women have represented the state in the Parliament - Raj Kumari Amrit Kaur in 1953, Chandresh Kumari in 1984 and Pratibha Singh in 2004.Reasoning that winnability is the only criterion for selection of candidates, a senior BJP leader otherwise admitted that social traditions look women as a part of the household and not public life and therefore they have less time to devote to politics. Claiming that political parties were aware of the trend, BJP president Satrpal Satti said, \"Women empowerment is a very complex issue. While we have continuously been trying to increase women participation in our party, better representation in legislature alone would not help deal with the issue.\"On the other hand, senior Congress leader Vidya Strokes reasoned that political parties alone were not responsible for decreasing representation of women in the legislative assembly, claiming that women themselves were also to be blamed. \"I have been telling women voters to choose women candidates, but how many of them win? This time we simply could not take any chances,\" she said.Around 24 had applied from the two parties this time but only 11 succeeded in getting tickers. Interestingly, those who have got tickers are all senior leaders and parties appear to have no option but to field them in elections, which means there is not even a second line of credible women leaders who can fill the void one the current ones fade away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907784", "title": "Chanda Kochhar visits MNIT after 4 decades", "text": "JAIPUR: The MD and CEO of ICICI Bank , Chanda Kochhar reconnected with her roots on Sunday when she visited the Malaviya National Institute of Technology ( MNIT) where she lived during her formative years. Attending the All India Advani Memorial Basketball Tournament in the memory of her father, RM Advani, the second principal of the then Malaviya Regional Engineering College, Kochhar along with her mother and two siblings visited the campus.RM Advani served the institution from 1963-74. He passed away while still being in the office. In the memory of its beloved teacher and an avid sports lover, the college started All India Memorial Basketball Tournament.The tournament witnessed some top teams competing for the title. It ran successfully till 1996 after which it was stopped. Celebrating the golden jubilee in 2012 the college alumi association revived the tournament for which the whole Advani family was invited.Visiting the campus after a gap of almost four decades, Kochhar remembered, \"There was hardly any construction and the area was covered by jungle. We even had instance where leopard entered the campus and came near the residential area. But we were too young and it was all an adventure. It has changed a lot since then.\"She also reckoned the journey from the college campus to the St. Angela Sophia School at ghatgate where she studied till class tenth. \"A small tempo used to take us from the campus to our school. Since it was not very much habitated, the journey was both fun and thrilling.Kocchar feels her education and experience in her early years helped in shaping her professional life. \"Whatever values that we acquired during those days certainly helped us in getting to a position where we are today her in achieving the success through out her life.She along with her father would sweat it out on the lawn tennis courts and basket ball ground. An alumnus, Mahavir Punia who closely associated with the activities of the college remembered that Prof. Advani used to her all his three kids to sports ground and made them play along with the college students.\"We want to show our children where we lived in our early days and where their grandfather taught. Though, they already knew about the campus already as my mother shared lot many stories with them. But I am sure they are thrilled visiting here and must be a great experience for them\" said Mahesh Advani, who works with Essar oil.Addressing the gathering Kochhar said she was happy to see more girls on the campus and achieving success in all spheres. She said that her father had stressed on girl education and would be proud of the fact that two of his grand daughters are engineers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "diamond harbour, kolkata", "code": "16910408", "title": "Eight Durga Puja revellers killed in road accident", "text": "DIAMOND HARBOUR, KOLKATA: Eight Durga Puja revellers, including three children and as many women, were killed and three others injured in a road accident in the wee hours today while they were returning home after hopping pandals in Kolkata, police said.The driver of the car in which the group was travelling lost his control over the vehicle which hit an electric post in South 24 Parganas district's Diamond Harbour.Eight of them, including three children and as many women died on the spot, police said.Three others, who got injured, have been admitted in the sub-divisional hospital, where condition of one is stated to be serious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909359", "title": "'Unfriendly' bus services woe for visually impaired", "text": "NASHIK: The National Association for Blind (NAB), Nashik unit has presented a memorandum to the MSTRC's divisional commissioner on the troubles faced by visually impaired persons in the city.Taking into consideration the fact that MSRTC city bus drivers are not friendly towards the needs of visually impaired travelers, for instance, not halting buses at stops and not allowing safe and special entry in and exit from the bus and also that fellow commuters are not sensitive so as to vacate seats reserved for the handicapped, the NAB approached the officer.\"We are not asking for the stars from MSRTC drivers and conductors. The simple demand is communication of information that will only make travel easier and safer for those who are visually impaired. The buses not stopping at the designated places is a harassment for us as we cannot run after the bus,\" said Vijay Salve, who is visually impaired, citing ITI-signal, near the industrial area, on Nashik-Trimbak Road, as an example.Listing out demands - about ten of them-- Mohammed Hussain, Vijay's colleague, questioned how drivers expect blind persons to catch a moving bus and also aboard it from the rear entrance when there is huge rush during the peak hours. \"Allow us to use the front door. Besides, we demand that the drivers and the conductors inform us about where the bus was going and also inform us when our destination is approaching,\" Mohammed said.The NAB was also critical about citizens occupying seats reserved for the blind. \"We have to remain standing as the citizens refuse to vacate the seat for us. At times, the families seat their elders on seats reserved for us. Even the conductors do not come to our help. These are small things that we expect from the MSRTC and the society as well,\" said Vijay.Speaking on condition of anonymity, an official from the MSRTC said that all the norms and instructions had been given to the drivers and the conductors. \"We have issued appeals to drivers and conductors to help the handicapped. That visually impaired have complains means the situation is not good and we will conduct meetings with drivers and conductors in due course,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907241", "title": "Indian Grand Prix: Where's the buzz?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Driving down the Greater Noida Expressway, the only indication of the Airtel Indian Grand Prix about to take place in the vicinity is a weather-beaten board that reads: '2011 Formula One Grand Prix'!The second edition of the Indian GP is all set to be flagged off in less than a week's time, but the build-up to the much-awaited event has been quite quiet, to say the least.The F1 juggernaut will start rolling in just two-three days' time, but the response among the fans has been rather modest, when compared with last year's inaugural race. When Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel crossed the finish-line to take the chequered flag, there were over 95,000 fans cheering him on at the Buddh International Circuit (BIC).In 2012, however, the organisers, Jaypee Sports International Limited (JPSI), will be happy even if half of that number turns up on Race Day next Sunday. So why's the buzz missing around the second Indian Grand Prix?The only Indian driver competing in the Indian GP - HRT's Narain Karthikeyan - has some explanations. \"Formula One is a high-profile sporting event. It is probably the biggest international event apart from cricket,\" Karthikeyan told TOI.But sources indicate JPSI ticket sales to be in the region of between 55 to 60,000 in a 1,10,000-capacity circuit.\"Last year there was the novelty factor. But after last year, I think a lot of Delhiites are discouraged by the traffic leading up to the track. Also, usually in the second year, and it happens around the world, there is a drop in enthusiasm. I think it should pick up again from next year,\" the HRT driver, who himself looked pretty exhausted after his long drive back to his city hotel from the track, added. Karthikeyan believes the low ticket sales are not related to lack of interest.\"Unlike China, India is a country where people have plenty of knowledge about motorsports. In China it is only limited to Shanghai. However, in saying that, Brazil is also a developing country like India but they have around 20 different tracks around the country while we have just one F1 track. Even in karting competitions in Brazil, you can see at least 60 karts lining up which you don't get to see in India,\" the 35-year-old said.He also believes that attending a F1 GP was more a style statement for a lot of people in India. \"Delhiites are brand-conscious people. So in the inaugural season lots of people attended because that was the 'in-thing'.\"From this year onwards you will see only the genuine motorsports fans at the race,\" he observed. While last year close of 30,000 tickets were sold a week before the race out of the eventual 95,000, this year, till date, JPSI have only managed to sell about 44,000 tickets.Tickets Anyone?Rs 2000: Price of lowest priced singleday ticket for 2012 Indian Grand PrixRs 12,000: Price of single-day main grandstand ticket (down from Rs 15,000 last year)Rs 21,000: Price of season ticket of main grandstand (down from Rs 35,000 last year)95,000: Total ticket sales on Race Day in 201144,000: Ticket sales so far55-60,000: Organiser JPSI's projected ticket sales this yearIndia ConnectSAHARA FORCE INDIAIt was a while coming but India finally got a team on the Formula One grid with the arrival of Force India in 2007. A consortium led by Vijay Mallya and Michiel Mol bought the Spyker F1 team for \u00a390 million.From the back of the grid five years back, the team has slowly worked its way up to the middle currently challenging the likes of Sauber and Mercedes for fifth and sixth spot in the Constructor's Championship.In October last year, Sahara India Pariwar bought 42.5% stake in the team for reportedly $100 million to be rechristened Sahara Force India.Team WatchFERRARIFerrari's relation to motorsports dates as far back as 1929 but the Italian company first started competing in motorsports in 1948. The motor racing giants have 16 constructors titles to their name and five in a row from 2000-04. Kimi Raikkonen and Felipe Massa brought home two more titles in 2007 and 2008.President: Luca di MontezemoloTeam principal: Stefano DomenicaliTechnical director: Pat FryDrivers: Fernando Alonso and Felipe MassaTeam Budget: Approximately $259.1 million2012 Report Card: They have been hit hard by the change in F1 rules especially the banning of the blowndiffusers - one thing in which the team invested on heavily. Alonso has kept them ahead of McLaren in second place.WILLIAMSGone are the days when Williams dominated the world of F1. The British team has nine constructors titles to their credit. But the last title was back in 1997.Team principal: Frank WilliamsCEO: Alex BurnsTechnical director: Mike CoughlanDrivers: Pastor Maldonado and Bruno SennaTeam Budget: $104.1 million approx.2012 Report Card: The team had one of their worst seasons in F1 last year with just five points to their credit. Pastor Maldonado produced their first win since 2003, in Spanish GP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913818", "title": "Golus get a modern twist", "text": "Gone are the days when every household decked up their golus with miniature representations of various avatars of gods, the mandatory kalasam and the dasavatharam. Golus in the city have come of age, thanks to some of the creative brains who are lending a new twist to the traditional golu. Be it the London Big Ben, Egyptian Pharaoh, miniature versions of spiritual and political leaders, including Swami Vivekananda and Jawaharlal Nehru , people are not leaving any stone unturned to make their golus stand out from the rest. While some believe that the traditional dolls do not give much scope for experimentation, others feel that creative golus are an ideal way to represent day-to day features and problems of life. Sarada Chandrashekhar, a government employee, who has concentrated on eco-conservation this year, tells CT, \"Every year, my golus are based on a different theme. This year, I have created a park to represent the depleting wildlife and eco-conservation, along with the usual accompaniments. Theme-based golus are ideal to spread a message across.\" While some have taken up social causes, others have decided to give a new twist to the gods. For instance, S Prabhakaran, area manager of a pharmaceutical company, has chosen to experiment with Lord Vinayaka. \"The highlight of my golu is four Lord Vinayakas playing chess and two Vinayakas sitting as onlookers. This miniature item is grabbing a lot of eyeballs,\" he says. Rajam Suresh, a housewife, has decked up her golu with different professions in villages. \"I have set up a 7-step golu and have chosen the village theme for the same. Apart from the different miniatures of god, my golu is adorned with different steps of farming, weaving and other professions followed in villages. It gives a unique touch to the whole arrangement,\" says Rajam. Eco-conscious ones have gone a step ahead by creating golu out of waste items. Sampath Kumar, convenor of a waste-art golu in the city, says that such efforts help raise the awareness of certain issues like environment. \"We recently decorated a golu from discarded waste. We used broomsticks, matchboxes, and match sticks apart from the other waste materials that you find in your houses. The idea was to get creative, and at the same time, help people understand the importance of waste management,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909188", "title": "'Female guards are more sensitive with animals, mingle more with locals'", "text": "Dy Conservator of Forests (Nashik East Division) K PradeepaEncouraging villagers to conserve natural resources (blurb) Deputy Conservator of Forests (Nashik East Division), K Pradeepa , shares her experience working in sensitive areas, the efforts of the department to conserve the forest and wildlife. While admitting that Joint Forest Management committee in East Division is not strong enough, she says that the department is trying to create awareness among people and is also implementing various schemes of the forest department to encourage villagers to conserve the natural resources.What is the forest department doing to stop illegal tree felling in the East division?There is illicit felling in Surgana and Umbarta. In these areas, the joint forest management committee (JFM) is a little inactive. People still feel that the forest belongs to them. We are conducting regular meetings in villages, trying to strengthen protection in check nakas bordering Gujarat. Also when probationers are selected as guards they are posted in sensitive areas like this for two months.What about the other areas?Except for Surgana and Umbarthan there are no dense forests, except for few pockets where you may find thick forests.What is being done about the black bucks that move in herds and destroy standing crops?Black bucks are mainly seen in Rajapur and Mamdapur in the Yeola range. They do ruin crops but until now we have not received any application for compensation by farmers. We have asked the range forest officers to educate the villagers about the provisions in case of crop destruction.How is the forest department trying to conserve the Great Indian Bustard that is on the verge of extinction?According to the census, during September 16-19, one Great Indian Bustard was spotted in Pimpalgaon. People have said that they have seen two more near the HAL ( Hindustan Aeronautics Limited) factory but we have not seen any. We are trying to see how we can conserve it. It is a shy bird. People are not aware that it is endangered.Leopards straying into human settlements has become very common these days. How frequently are they found in forests?Leopards are found in few pockets in Dindori and Niphad. There is a problem of leopards also in Talegaon. But leopards are not at all found in the forest area. They come to sugarcane fields because of good shade and water being available. There are a few ponds created in forests for conserving water even after the monsoon season with the help of villagers. These are artificial ponds with plastic cover and the villagers would fill them with water. Now, we have got funds for three waterholes in Mamdapur and Rajapur. In the last three years, we have constructed 30 forest tanks in the East division.What is the forest department doing to prevent the depleting forest cover?According to a government resolution in July for the JFM (joint forest management) committee, if villagers protect a minimum 50 hectares of plantation from the second year of plantation to the fifth year, they will get 50 paise per plant. In order not to depend upon forest for fuel and fodder, we have got a target to supply biogas and LPG., replacement of dry animal with that of good quality animals.We are identifying the beneficiaries and will be carrying this out where there are no encroachments, no illegal felling and no undue fire. Till now we have supplied 1,800 LPG cylinders and 60 smokeless chulhas to villagers in Nashik Circle.But with the limited gas cylinder scheme, how much subsidy is the government now going to provide?The government will bear 75% of the expenses while the beneficiaries will have to pay the remaining 25%.Are women more sensitive than their male counterparts in trapping or killing animals. What has been your experience?Yes women are more sensitive. Female guards have more interaction with villagers. They mingle with people easily and that is why they are mainly into JFM activities. In sensitive areas, they move with their male counterparts. We are at the higher level so there is no male-female thing as such. Ours is nothing new, but female guards began to be recruited since the past three years. They are also posted in sensitive areas like Surgana, Umbarthan, Peth and Harsul.Animals become violent at the sight of crowd. Is the craze for seeing a wild animal being trapped common more among urbanites than rural people?If people come close to the animal, naturally the behaviour of the animal would become different. While trapping an animal it is natural for a mob to gather irrespective of whether it is in an urban or rural area. Villagers also protect wildlife unless there is a conflict people cohabit with animals. In Shivre, Koture people are living with leopards. Only when there is human injury, do people feel threatened.Has the forest department got new equipments for trapping animals?Since the past three months we have started getting plastic guards for protection during trapping animals, We have also got LED torches and a ladder in case the leopard falls into a well. Other items acquired included big nets, a blowpipe kit, a syringe set, helmets, cotton rope, cotton nets, stretchers, and special kits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16907491", "title": "Third suspected ISI agent held in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 31-year-old Jamnagar Municipal Corporation security staff member has been detained over his suspected links with Pakistan's ISI.Police said Idrish Pinjara used to allegedly pass intelligence inputs about the Indian Air Force base in Jamnagar to ISI. Idrish's accomplice in Jamnagar has gone missing.Idrish, who used to send emails to Pakistan regularly, is the third suspected ISI agent to be nabbed from Gujarat. Sirajuddin Fakir (23) was arrested first followed by Ayub Shaikh (22).Fakir used to work with a private firm that had got a contract to supply poultry products to Army cantonments across Gujarat. Fakir used to get access to Army establishments while delivering the products.\"Two years back, Idrish had visited Pakistan. Tahir Khan, the ISI handler who had recruited Fakir during his Pakistan visit, had roped in Idrish too to report on the goings-on inside the IAF base in Jamnagar,\" said a crime branch officer. \"The suspect works in Jamanagar Municipal Corporation's security division. Jamnagar airbase requires frequent assistance of JMC personnel for civic services. To attend to these jobs, JMC employees have to go into the airbase. Idrish often used to get in the JMC team going into the airbase. After noting the kind of aircraft and their make, he used to pass the information to ISI.\"The official said when they realized that somebody from Jamnagar was passing information to ISI, the police checked the number of people, who had visited Pakistan in the recent past.Around 250 people had gone to Pakistan from Jamnagar over the past two years. \"Idrish was singled out after his background check revealed some suspicious factors. We have now got evidence that proves that he regularly passed on information about IAF base in Jamnagar to ISI,\" the officer said.Crime branch sources said that Idrish was not the sole ISI contact in Jamnagar. While he was the information gatherer, another agent used to act as a mediator between Idrish and ISI for sending emails. He is the one who has gone missing. Gujarat police believe that he fled to Pakistan after the arrest of Sirajuddin.In the case of Sirajuddin, an ISI agent is also missing. \"The man who is now missing was based in Bhuj and used to collect information on Army movements for Sirajuddin who then emailed these inputs to Tahir of ISI,\" said another crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907404", "title": "Jehan Daruvala wins Asia Pacific karting", "text": "MUMBAI: Local boy Jehan Daruvala was crowned the CIK FIA Asia Pacific KF3 champion while citymate Ameya Bafna, starting from pole, finished fourth in the Macau Cup, a support event at the World Karting Championship, in Macau, on Sunday.The 14-year-old Jehan of Rayo Racing, became the first and only Indian so far to win a major regional karting championship after a close battle with Japan's Marino Sato.\"This is my biggest victory so far,\" said Jehan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907678", "title": "Lucknow man held for stealing cellphones worth Rs 2.3cr", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mumbai police on Sunday raided a hotel in Maharaniganj area of Gonda and arrested top executive of a cellular phone company hailing from Lucknow for stealing stock worth Rs 2.3 crore.The arrested accused was identified as Vishal Nigam, who was working on a top post in a Chinese mobile phones company based in Wasai area of Mumbai. Reports said the company for which Nigam was working, had finalised a deal for supply of 11,000 hand sets of mobile phones with a private service provider based in Bhopal. As Nigam had played an important role in striking the deal, his company bosses appointed him the key person for the deal.The accused was required to seek the consignment from the company's head office in China, deliver the same to the client in Bhopal and collect payment which was then to be remitted to the account of the company's head office in China. Things went as per plan and the consignment comprising 11,000 mobile handsets was delivered to the Wasai (Mumbai) office of the Chinese company dealing in cell phones.From here, Nigam was to carry the stock to Bhopal and hand it over to the buyer. Vishal left Mumbai with the consignment for Bhopal but never reached the buyer. He went missing thereafter. A manhunt was launched by the police at the instance of the company for which he was working. The police failed to pick up any lead that could lead them to Nigam or information on his whereabouts.It was only after the Mumbai police discovered that the cell phones Nigam was carrying, had reached the grey market for cell phones in New Delhi that they found a link and thereafter, they managed to tap a contact of Nigam on grounds of confidentiality. Trailing the phone calls of this contact, Mumbai police came to know that the contact was supposed to meet Nigam on Sunday. Cops followed Nigam's contact to UP. The Mumbai police then informed the local police in Gonda about the operation who in turn took Nigam in custody. He was later produced before CJM Gonda who gave him on transit remand to Mumbai cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912712", "title": "Hindustan ke Hunarbaaz a no-competition show", "text": "Life OK is once again geared to create ripples on Indian television with an innovative take on reality programing in its latest show - Hindustan Ke Hunarbaaz. The show that will be guided by a 'NO-COMPETITION, NO-TEARS' principle, promises to be a one-of-its kind, complete family entertainer. The innovative reality series will embark on a journey to find the hidden talent in children across India and boasts a proud tagline - 'Harr Bacha Hai Khaas'. Bollywood diva Sonali Bendre and ace choreographer Terence Lewis will feature as 'Cool Gurus' on the show.Based on Life OK's guiding philosophy 'Cherish what you have,' the show resonates the belief that every child is distinctively versatile and talented. Hindustan Ke Hunarbaaz will act as a ready platform for all the participating children to harness their special skills in a format that's devoid of any performance pressure. The show that premiers on 22nd October at 7 PM, travels across the vast Indian terrain to scout for talent that has long remained hidden in the confines of four walls. Participating children will showcase their talent without any inhibitions of being judged, bringing out the best in them and making each and every one a winner in a unique way! Sonali Bendre and Terence Lewis will constantly encourage these kids and mentor them throughout.Commenting on this novel show, Ajit Thakur, General Manager, Life OK said, \"Hindustan ke Hunarbaaz is a first-of-its kind show that doesn't promote the idea of competiveness among children but instead hones their skills. It's a TV series that splendidly celebrates talent. This show is a natural extension of Life OK's mantra that promotes striving for more but without ignoring the pleasures of everyday life. We're confident that the audience will continue to appreciate our efforts in providing a wholesome entertainment experience.\"Bollywood beauty, mother and cool guru Sonali Bendre believes that it is important to recognize and nurture every kid's talent. \"I am extremely delighted to be a part of Hindustan Ke Hunarbaaz; which unique in several ways. The show is well-intentioned and aims to foster support and encouragement,\" she said.Ace choreographer Terence Lewis believes that is essential to boost a child's confidence at a young age. \"Every kid is special and possesses hidden talents. It is vital to highlight the strengths to instill confidence in them. Hindustan ke Hunarbaaz is a brilliant new concept that will bring to the fore special talents of millions of kids.\"Be it Malkhamb or magic, martial arts or sand art, singing folk songs or instrumental music, Hindustan Ke Hunarbaaz welcomes all children with open arms. Hindustan Ke Hunarbaaz, premiers on 22nd October at 7PM on Life OK and continues on as a special series from Monday - Friday at 7 PM &amp; 9 PM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912600", "title": "Yash Chopra: Remembering the legend!", "text": "Yash Chopra , rightly called the King of Romance gave Bollywood some fantastic pieces of cinema. Here's listing his best worksWith Yash Chopra's demise, Bollywood has lost an iconic filmmaker who took Amitabh Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan and many other lead actors' careers to a new high and gave Bollywood some great examples of good cinema. Below we list some of his films that may or may not have been exactly hits but have forever etched a name for themselves in the history of Bollywood.Trishul (1978)Trishul saw two powerful actors Sanjeev Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan as father and son! It had both the actors locked in a fight with each other since the latter is taking revenge for the former deserting his mother (Waheeda Rehman) for a rich man's daughter. The movie had Amitabh Bachchan showcase his 'angry young man image' and \"aap mere najayaz baap ho,\" the dialogue that Bachchan says to Sanjeev Kumar in the film became one of the most remembered scenes in the history of cinema.Silsila  (1981)Amitabh Bachchan and Sanjeev Kumar again! This time it is Amitabh Bachchan's lover Rekha who marries Sanjeev Kumar. And Jaya Bachchan plays Amitabh Bachchan's wife. The whole chemistry between the two couples and stolen glances, secret meeting and an affair that continues between Amitabh and Rekha even after they get married to someone else is captured effectively onscreen. Picturesque landscapes, beautiful lyrics and music, and Amitabh Bachchan, Rekha and Jaya Bachchan had some great dialogues in the movie. Sanjeev Kumar also lent a substantial support by being the understanding husband!Lamhe (1991)The movie explored romance between a much older Anil Kapoor and a much younger Sridevi who is in awe of him, while Kapoor loved his mother, which was again played by Sridevi. Anupam Kher and Waheeda Rehman had effective roles. Sridevi looked her best and she portrayed effectively the role of a woman who loves an older man and will try everything to win him. The audiences however were not able to digest the fact that a woman can love a man who was in love with her mother.Veer-Zaara (2004)Shah Rukh Khan looked extremely handsome and he effectively played the Air Force officer who falls in love with a Pakistani girl played by Preity Zinta . The chemistry between the two actors is perfect, SRK is at his best when he comes face-to-face with Manoj Bajpai (Preity Zinta's fiance) on the railway station! The song 'Do pal ruka, khwabon ka caravan' is a beautiful song composed on the old compositions of the late Madan Mohan and sung by Sonu Nigam. The court scenes are also powerful and Rani Mukerji also lent a great support playing the lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907708", "title": "Delawas plant in Asian Development Bank's best projects list", "text": "JAIPUR: In a rare feat for Jaipur Municipal Corporation, the Sewage Treatment Plant at Delawas (STP) has been included in the Asian Development Bank (ADB) best practices projects list. To promote similar practices in other countries, ADB is now sending teams to study the model. The 125 million litre per day (MLD) capacity plant is currently operated by JMC.\"Our initiative has been applauded by the ADB. They even included it in their best project lists. This is a great achievement for the Jaipur city,\" said Jagroop Singh Yadav, CEO of JMC. Teams from Pakistan, Nepal, Bangladesh and Philippines have visited to study the project in the past six months. The internal journals and the publications of the ADB have also applauded the success of the project.Delawas STP has two units, both with a capacity of 62.5 MLD each. The first unit was funded by the ADB and established by the Rajasthan Urban Infrastructure Development Project (RUIDP) in 2006. The second unit was started in 2012 by JMC from the assistance of Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) funds.\"The novelty of the project lies in the fact that it not only treats the waste water but also generates bio gas which is used for power generation. Biogas generated by the first unit of the plant is used for electricity generation. For this we have a dedicated power plant which generates 0.5 to 1 mega watt of electricity. This electricity is then utilized to run the whole STP. So far, we have generated a revenue Rs 3 crore from the plant with a profit of Rs 10 lakh every month,\" said Yadav.Apart from power and bio gas, the unit also produces manure. The manure along with the treated water is then used for farming and irrigation purposes in the nearby areas of STP.JMC is now planning to use the second unit too for power generation. The unit will be used for the production of liquid natural gas for which the financial bidding has been completed. Possibilities are being explored to sell the gas in the open market and earn more profits.According to officials, the STP at Delawas will be able to treat at least 60% of the waste water of Jaipur in the coming days. This will not help in addressing the challenges of treating the waste water but also make funds starved JMC financially strong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16912086", "title": "UPRTOU V-C is national coordinator for e-PG Pathshala", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Vice-Chancellor of the Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University Prof A K Bakshi has been appointed one of the national coordinators of the prestigious Rs 84-crore University Grants Commission-Ministry of Human Resource Development ( UGC-MHRD) project for development of e-content in 77 disciplines at post-graduate (PG) level.The project is under the centrally sponsored scheme of National Mission on Education through ICT (NMEICT) of the MHRD.Informing about the ambitious project, Prof Bakshi, also a member of the standing committee of this project, said in the first phase the development of e-content is being started in 35 subjects.Eminent experts from all over the country are being involved in this project in various capacities of national coordinators, subject coordinators, paper coordinators, authors, reviewers etc. to produce world class e-content. The e-content developed would include highly interactive multimedia enriched content and shall be hosted on the portal e- PG Pathshala. The input/output templates for this project have already been developed by a team.He added that the technical coordination of the project shall be looked after by the UGC Inter-University Centre Inflibnet in Ahmedabad. The e-content developed shall be useful for PG students of the country and help them acquire 21{+s}{+t} century skills like digital literacy, innovative thinking, creativity, sound reasoning and effective communication and also help them in many competitive exams.The MHRD's NMEICT is a major initiative of the government of India with an aim to leverage the potential of ICT in providing high quality personalised and interactive content, free of cost, to all the learners in higher education institutions in anytime-anywhere mode.The subjects in the first phase include Anthropology, Biochemistry, Biotechnology, Botany, Chemistry, Commerce, Computer science, Computational science, Computational social science, Earth sciences, Economics, Education, English, Environmental sciences, Food technology, Forensic science, Geography, Hindi, History, Law, Library and information science, Linguistics, Management, Mass communication and journalism , Mathematics, Microbiology, Philosophy, Physics, Political science, Public administration, Psychology, Social work , Sociology, Statistics and Zoology, said the V-C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16908809", "title": "Navy officer kills self to 'feel death'", "text": "KOCHI: An officer was found dead with a bullet injury to his head at INS Dronacharya, the Navy's arms training base, at Fort Kochi here on Sunday morning.The Navy identified the deceased as Sub lieutenant Arun Kumar (27), a member of the Quick Reaction Team. He was a resident of Balaji Nagar Main Road at Peringalathur in Chennai.After preliminary investigation, authorities said the officer had used his service pistol to commit suicide.Police said a suicide note was found at the scene.\"I want to feel death. No one is responsible,\" a police officer quoted from the note.\"The officer has expired of a self-inflicted bullet injury,\" the Navy said, adding that an inquiry was on into the incident.Kumar, a bachelor, was on duty at the time of the incident.\"Around 10.20am, the guards heard a gun shot in the rest room near the entrance of INS Dronacharya. They rushed in, and found Kumar sitting in a chair with blood oozing out of his head and mouth. They immediately shifted him to the medical unit on the premises, but he was pronounced dead,\" police said.The deceased had started his shift at 8am.A police team led by Fort Kochi circle inspector N R Jayaraj inspected the scene and registered a case of unnatural death.\"Forensic and fingerprint experts have collected evidence from the scene. Ballistic experts will visit the spot on Monday. The pistol was recovered and it will be forwarded for detailed forensic analysis,\" the circle inspector said.Kumar's body was shifted to the Government Medical College at Alappuzha for a post-mortem examination, which would be conducted on Monday.His relatives were expected to reach here on Monday.The deceased had joined the Navy in 2003 as a sailor. He was commissioned as an officer in 2012.Incidentally, a Rear Admiral, Satyendra Singh Jamwal, had died of bullet injuries in INS Dronacharya's small arms firing range on July 7, 2010.Though the police suspected it was a suicide, the Navy said he had died in a case of accidental firing.Sources added that the injury was caused from his service pistol, when Kumar was at the rest room around 10.20 am. He was on duty at the time of the incident. Navy has ordered an inquiry into the incident.with a bullet injury on his head at INS Dronacharya, the Navy's arms training establishment, in Fort Kochi on Sunday morning.The deceased was identified as Arun Kumar, 27, a sub-lieutenant and an officer of Quick Reaction Team. He hailed from Balaji Nagar main road, Peringalathur, Chennai.According to preliminary probe, the officer had allegedly committed suicide with his service pistol. Police sources said that they had recovered a suicide note from the spot reportedly written by the victim in a piece of paper.Navy officially said that \"the officer has expired of a self -inflicted bullet injury\". Sources added that the injury was caused from his service pistol, when Kumar was at the rest room around 10.20 am. He was on duty at the time of the incident. Navy has ordered an inquiry into the incident.A police team led by Fort Kochi circle inspector N R Jayaraj visited the spot and launched a probe into the incident. \"The forensic and fingerprint experts collected evidence from the scene. Ballistic experts will visit the spot on Monday. The pistol was recovered and it will be forwarded for detailed forensic analysis,\" the circle inspector said.He said that the body was shifted to Government Medical College at Alappuzha for autopsy. The post-mortem will be conducted on Monday and it would be handed over to the relatives of the deceased who are expected to reach Kochi on Monday.Police have registered a case of unnatural death and are waiting for the autopsy report. As per the statement collected from other Navy personnel at the spot, police said that Kumar, a bachelor, had come for the duty around 8 am. \"By around 10.20 am, the guards heard a firing sound from the rest room situated adjacent to the guard room near the entrance of INS Dronacharya. When people rushed into the room, they saw Kumar sitting in a chair with blood oozing out of his head and mouth. They immediately shifted him to the medical unit situated in the premises but he was pronounced dead,\" police said.Forensic experts said that the bullet had entered through his right temple and exited through the other side. They had recovered the bullet from the adjacent wall. \"We will be able to make further statements only after getting the autopsy and forensic reports, the circle inspector said.Kumar joined the Navy in 2003 as a sailor and was commissioned as an officer in 2012.This is the second incident at INS Dronacharya in last two years. Earlier, Rear Admiral Satyendra Singh Jamwal was killed in an accidental firing at the establishment's small arms firing range on July 7, 2010. Though police suspected it to be a case of suicide, Navy stated it as a case of accidental firing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16908429", "title": "Ex-zamindars' tryst with Durga Puja", "text": "PATNA: The erstwhile zamindars of Bihar celebrate Durga Puja with great fervour, some of them beginning preparations months earlier. Their descendants, now settled in Patna and elsewhere in the country, reach their native homes to seek Her blessings for continued prosperity.Of all the zamindars, the most famous is the Raj Darbhanga, especially for their worship of Durga and Kali, their family deity. Almost all the palaces built by Raj Darbhanga across Bihar and other parts of India have a temple dedicated to the goddess.Thousands of devotees throng the beautifully designed Kankali temple at Rambagh palace, Shyama temple, Lakshmeshwari Tara Mandir (all in Darbhanga), Raj Rajeshwari Kali temple in Muzaffarpur, Navlakha Palace gifted to Patna University, and at Purandaha, 12km from Dhamdaha in Purnia district where the then Raj Darbhanga Maharaja donated a 3.77-acre plot for a Durga temple way back in 1889. \"Here, hundreds of devout Hindus come to witness animal sacrifice on Mahashtami and Mahanavami and later partake of the 'mahaprasad' as a symbol of the Mother's blessing,\" says chief priest Bhola Nath Singh.Reminiscing the grandeur of yore, Maharaja Bahadur Sri Mrigendra Pratap Sahi, the 105th Maharaja of Hathwa says \"All family members descend on Hathwa (Gopalganj) for paying obeisance to our 'kuldevi' Thawe Maiyya and stay on till Diwali. Many traditional rituals like the Maharaja travelling in a 'chaukri' (a buggy pulled by four-six horses) to the Gopal Mandir, and then to the Sheesh Mahal for the annual durbar and onwards on an elephant for darshan of the Maiyya on Vijayadashmi have stopped. However, we still continue with a puja of our armoury, after which we have the guard of honour.\" The Hathwa family still upholds the custom of sacrificing buffaloes and goats during 'sandhi puja'.In the other three erstwhile big zamindaris - Bettiah Raj in West Champaran district and Tekari and Amawan, both in Gaya district - Durga Puja is celebrated with traditional gaiety and fervour in Bettiah although the last Maharaja, Harendra Kishore, did not leave behind any direct descendants. At the two huge Shivalayas situated at the gate of Bettiah Raj premises, devotees converge on the last three days of Navaratra. Special priests are appointed by the citizens' committee to perform the puja rituals both here and at the neighbouring Kalibagh temple, where 108 idols of gods and goddesses of the Hindu pantheon are installed. \"No animal sacrifice is done at the temples here for the last 20 years,\" says chief priest Pramod Kumar Shahi. On the other hand, the descendants of the Tekari and Amawan Raj families have shifted base to Patna and New Delhi.Changing the pattern of paying obeisance, famous parliamentarian Digvijay Narain Singh opened the doors of the Durga Mandir at Dharhara estate, Muzaffarpur, to common people. \"Each year during Puja, over 1.50 lakh villagers come for darshan, with women coming especially for the \"khoicha\" ritual. Cultural functions are organized here during Navaratra,\" says his son Dr Pragati Sinha. Animal sacrifice is not performed here.At Dumraon estate in Buxar district, Sharadiya Navaratra is a one-month festival with cultural functions, kavi gaan, singers and dancers from Benaras assembling here. \"Durga Puja festivities have always been filled with grandeur with the Maharaja Bahadur Kamal Singh arriving at the Bihariji Mandir, one of the oldest temples of the state, to pay obeisance. Each year, we bestow a person with Dumraon Ratna award, Rs 10,000 and a shawl,\" says Yuvraj Chandra Vijay Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16906884", "title": "Man held with banned powder at IGI", "text": "A man was arrested at IGI airport for allegedly smuggling iridium powder, often used to increase the weight of gold. Customs officials said he was carrying 2kg of the powder in his vest and trouser. Faiz Ahmed Abdul Jabbar Ghawte, who has an Indian passport, was booked under the Customs Act. The powder is worth about Rs 40 lakh. He was also carrying a fabric worth Rs 59,000 and an expensive cellphone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16907349", "title": "Ashoka blames land sharks for crisis", "text": "BANGALORE: Deputy chief minister R Ashoka on Sunday blamed the ongoing garbage crisis on land sharks. \"Developers have encroached land meant for landfills, due to which the city is facing a huge crisis,\" Ashoka said on the sidelines of an event here.After an extensive meeting with his ministerial colleagues and officials later in the day, Ashoka said they have a new plan to resolve garbage menace in the next four days. \"Three firms have been roped in for treating garbage at Mandur and this will reduce the garbage pile in the city,\" he addedThe cabinet has also cleared two projects by manure and power companies which plan to invest Rs 230 crore as part of a long term solution to the city's garbage woes, Ashoka said.On protests in Mandur, he said: \"They are not villagers but outsiders who have no role. We will initiate appropriate action to ensure that they don't meddle with BBMP work.\"Health minister Arvind Limbavalli, who represents the constituency, said he has already sanctioned Rs 10 crore to Mandur gram panchayat for taking up health, water and road development works.He said he has directed city MLAs and corporators to carry out awareness on segregation at source on a war footing. \"At present the segregation is only about 30%,\" he addedBBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel said a special Rs 30 crore project will be commissioned at Rajarajeshwarinagar. The concerned NGO will conduct a door-to-door campaign and collect waste at the doorsteps and compost it. \"The BBMP will sign an agreement in a day or two with the NGO,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907756", "title": "2 tribals acquitted of Vasai priest murder", "text": "MUMBAI: The Vasai session court while acquitting two tribal youths who were arrested for killing retired Vasai priest Father Peter Bombacha in 2010 for want of evidence, pulled up the Thane rural police for its shoddy investigation.Bombacha (75) was found murdered at his first-floor residence, where he stayed alone, at Barampur in Vasai (W) on April 29, 2010. The ground floor of the premises housed a chapel, where people prayed in the mornings. Bombacha had 13 stab wounds on his body and a pair of scissor was stuffed into his mouth.On November 1, 2010, the Thane rural police's local crime branch arrested two tribal daily wage labourers, Subhash Kakad (20) and Rajesh Kakad (20), from Vikramgad. The police claimed that the two, who had begun construction work in the prayer hall four days before the murder, killed Bombacha while cleaning out the house.According to the cops, Subhash stole holy vessels\u2014a brass chalice and monstrance, which he assumed to be made of gold to fund his wedding. Rajesh was accused of aiding the murder.Defence counsel Santosh Khale told the court that the police claim that the gold-plated brass monstrance and chalice were missing from the prayer centre was false as the panch witnesses had mentioned that monstrance was present after the murder. The police in their chargesheet had said the holy vessels were found buried near Subhash's house.Further, the defence argued that unlike the police claim that the victim used to lock the front door and never allowed anyone inside the flat without his consent, Bombacha had made three duplicate keys and given it to the church officials. The defence also said there was no proof that on the day of the murder, Bombacha had thrown the keys of his flat to the accused from his window, as was alleged by the police.Judicial magistrate R M Joshi expressed surprise as to how the police had failed to obtain the fingerprints of the accused, if they had opened the door with the keys thrown by Bombacha.The defence informed the court that the cellphones of the accused too had not been examined by the police. Relatives of the accused continued to use the cellphones even after their arrests. The police had filed the chargesheet in January 2011. A total of 23 witnesses were examined.The court acquitted the two youths for lack of evidence and not proving the murder charge. The accused were released from jail on Saturday after spending 23 months in the Thane Central jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16908483", "title": "Sushilkumar Shinde gives K Jana Reddy Telangana hope", "text": "NEW DELHI: Notwithstanding Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde's remarks on Telangana which created a furore, Telangana Congress ministers led by panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy came out beaming after a meeting with Shinde on Sunday, praising the latter for having given them a 'patient hearing' and assuring them of forward movement on the issue.Trying to emerge as a Congress champion of Telangana, Jana Reddy said that time has come to take a firm decision on the T issue. At the same time, he tried to bat for the party high command by asserting that it was seized of the matter as it had recognised the sentiments and aspirations of the four crore people of Telangana region.He, however, said that the party could be in trouble with TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu and YSR Congress leader Sharmila undertaking padayatras.\"If a decision on the Telangana issue is not taken at the earliest, the situation could go out of hand,\" he told the media.As to the persistent demand of pro-Telangana forces, he said that they were ready to resign if Telangana could be achieved through them quitting their posts.\"Telangana is more important to us than the posts,\" he said, adding that 30 party MLAs and 13 ministers had given a written undertaking to the high command demanding formation of Telangana.It may be recalled the Telangana ministers had met All-India Congress Committee (AICC) in-charge of AP affairs Ghulam Nabi Azad and Union minister Vayalar Ravi on Saturday and urged them to take an early decision on the contentious Telangana issue. Both the central leaders, it is learnt, are said to have told them that they were aware of the Telangana issue and questioned their motivation in coming to Delhi with the separate statehood demand.Although Jana tried to take a big entourage of ministers, only Sridhar Babu, Baswaraju Saraiah and Sudarshan Reddy were accompanied him.The fifth member of the Telangana delegation Ponnala Lakshmaiah was supposed to have attended the meeting but the information technology minister returned to Hyderabad on Saturday morning citing some urgent work back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bagha ( bihar )", "code": "16912779", "title": "Three people drown in boat capsize in Bihar river", "text": "BAGHA ( BIHAR ): Three people have drowned and three others went missing when a country boat capsized in Bihar's Bagha district.The three victim, two women and a child, drowned when the boat capsized in the Rohua river late on Sunday evening, superintendent of police Pushkar Anand said.The three bodies were recovered and the missing being searched for, the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909087", "title": "Online examination forms for School of Open Learning students", "text": "After the approval of online admissions earlier this year, the School of Open Learning (SOL), DU, has created a new examination framework under which students of SOL filled in the examination forms online for the first time.\"Earlier, students could only submit their examination forms manually, but this year onwards, UG students can register themselves online. We have improved our server communication and are in the process of creating a database where details of UG students will be stored. This will save the time of students , cut down costs, simplify the admission process and help us have a transparent system,\" says HC Pokhriyal, executive director, SOL.Explaining the process, Madhvi, incharge , computer, SOL, says that when students register themselves online, they fill in a form, which acts as an admission-cum-enrolment-cum-examination form. \"When a student logs in for the first time through the SOL roll number , s/he can select the papers s/he wishes to opt for along with the basic information. The roll number remains the same till the student graduates. After registering themselves online, whenever students need to take an exam, be it an improvement exam or the annual exam, they just have to type in the roll number,\" she says.The gateway for payments and fee transactions is the State Bank of India (SBI). Students can pay the examination fee through net banking or through debit and credit cards. Also, with the use of SMS, which has replaced letters, students are informed of the status of the confirmation.\"Online admission has helped outstation students enrol themselves for the examination. Around 700 students have registered themselves online. We could have had more students registering themselves online, but it was mid-session and we did not advertise. Students from states like Rajasthan and Punjab, etc, are benefiting from such services. Once the process is complete, students are informed over an SMS,\" she adds.\"Students can also register through the offline mode as many of them may not be comfortable with the online procedure yet,\" concludes Pokhriyal.For new UG and PG courses, click on 'Courses' on www.educationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909477", "title": "Engineering in the UK", "text": "The UK has a rich engineering heritage and is home to several worldclass engineering companies such as Rolls-Royce and BAE Systems. Some of UK's recent engineering achievements include developing Formula One racing cars, the state-of-the-art Eurofighter Typhoon and the Channel Tunnel Rail Link.A UK engineering qualification is recognised worldwide and a range of courses are on offer - starting from civil, mechanical, electrical, electronic, aeronautical , automotive and chemical to marine engineering. There are also qualifications in general engineering, although some of them will lead you to specialise to a certain extent in a particular branch or area of engineering.With a plethora of courses on offer, it is vital you do a through research to figure out what suits you. If you know the branch of engineering in which you wish to specialise, visit www.educationukin .org. If you are uncertain of the branch, read up about the 36 engineering institutes that represent the engineering profession (www.engc.org.uk/Institutions). For degree courses, check whether the course is on ECUK's list of accredited degree courses (www.engc.org.uk/Registration /ACAD)Always obtain the course prospectus or go through the online version. Find out whether you have the required entry qualifications, including the relevant English language level. You should check with the institutions you are interested in for the exact nature of the qualifications or experience, which they require. The UK National Academic Recognition Information Centre (UK NARIC) (www.naric.org.uk) is the official source of information on the comparability of international qualifications with those in the UK. If you do not have the standard entry qualifications, some universities offer a foundation year providing remedial or conversion tuition before you start your BEng / MEng.UCAS (the Universities and Colleges Admissions Service ) has over 50,000 courses listed on 'course search:' www.ucas.ac.uk/students/coursesearch/. Apply for undergraduate degree courses, foundation degrees (England only) and Higher National Diploma through UCAS at www.ucas.com. For other courses, apply to the institutions directly.There are many sources to consult about the quality of teaching and research . Look at the independent reviews conducted by the Quality Assurance Agency (www.qaa.ac.uk/students). The information available on the Unistats site (www.unistats.com) is helpful, as it compares job prospects, as well as student satisfaction rates. Apart from this, some newspapers such as The Times and the Guardian publish unofficial league tables.Bear in mind other factors, such as cost, location and size of the institution, work experience opportunities, international mix of students on the programmes , provision of supervision for dissertations and available facilities. Don't just consider London , there are good universities in the UK with much lower living costs than London, which provide a full range of engineering qualifications . For information on student visas, log on to www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/visasThe British Council organises weekly briefings, counselling events by UK institutions and Education UK exhibitions. The Education UK exhibition, one of the major events, will be held from November 24-25 (1pm-6 pm) at British Council, Delhi . Detailed information can be found on www.educationukin .org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914759", "title": "Yash Chopra cremated, Bollywood bids farewell", "text": "With moist eyes and prayers on their lips, family and friends bid farewell to Indian cinema's 'King of romance' Yash Chopra at a crematorium in Mumbai this afternoon .Bedecked with flowers, Chopra's body was brought to the Pawan Hans crematorium in Juhu in an ambulance, with only family members and close friends inside, including his sons Aditya and Uday, and actors Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan .The mortal remains of the 80-year-old filmmaker were consigned to flames amid the presence of his family members, relatives and a number of Bollywood celebrities.The body was kept at the Yash Raj Films studio since last night for people to pay their respects.Several Bollywood celebrities including Rani Mukerji, Preity Zinta , Prasoon Joshi, Mukesh Bhatt, Raj Kundra , Suresh Oberoi, Siddharth Roy Kapoor, Kiran Rao, Rohit Shetty , Bharat Shah, Adnan Sami , Rajpal Yadav and Homi Adjania were present at the crematorium.There was chaos outside the Yash Raj Films studio as hundreds of people turned up to catch a glimpse of the filmmaker.Chopra passed away at the Lilavati hospital at 5.30 PM yesterday due to dengue and multiple organ failure.Salman Khan , Karan Johar , Dilip Kumar with wife Sairo Banu, Amitabh Bachchan, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan and Jaya, Madhur Bhandarkar, Anil Kapoor, Sridevi, Boney Kapoor , Kajol, Dimple Kapadia, Rinkie Khanna and others started coming since yesterday at Lilavati hospital, his residence in Juhu and YRF studio in Andheri to pay their last respects.Chopra, who celebrated his 80th birthday on September 27, had announced his retirement from direction after a career spanning five deacades.Jab Tak Hai Jaan , his 22nd and last film, starring SRK, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma , is slated to release on November 13.A song from the film was to be shot in Switzerland on a grand level but the trip had to be cancelled after Chopra was admitted to Lilavati hospital on October 13.Born on September 27, 1932 in Lahore , now in Pakistan , Chopra was the youngest of eight children, one of whom was elder brother B R Chopra, who was already an established name in the film industry.Chopra came to Mumbai with Rs 200 in his pocket and dreams of becoming a filmmaker though his family wanted him to take up the profession of engineering.He started his journey in the film industry as an assistant to I S Johar and later worked under his elder brother, making his directorial debut in 1959 with Dhool Ka Phool .A trendsetter, Chopra directed Dharamputra, Ittefaq and Indian cinema's first multi-starrer Waqt .He set up his own production company Yash Raj Films in 1970 and made his first movie Daag under the new banner.Chopra then helmed Deewar , which gave Amitabh Bachchan the image of Angry young man . He directed other intense films like Trishul, Kaala Patthar, Mashaal , Vijay before shifting to romance genre with Silsila and Kabhie Kabhie , again with Bachchan.Romance became the main element in Chopra's later films like Chandni, Lamhe, Dil Toh Pagal Hai and Veer-Zaara .Chopra is also remembered for making the careers of many Bollywood actors, including Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan.Later, the family of the veteran filmmaker, including his sons Aditya and Uday, took the body in an ambulance to Pawan Hans crematorium in Juhu for the last rites.A bus was arranged for staff members of the YRF studio who want to go to the crematorium ground while the celebrities drove in their own vehicles.In the morning, a number of celebrities came to pay their last respects to Chopra at the Yash Raj Films studio, where his body was kept from last night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909473", "title": "514 people booked in special raids", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police booked more than 500 people during special operations on Saturday night.During the raids, about 514 people were booked over suspicions . At least 26 of the arrested were habitual offenders, and five others were caught under non-bailable warrants. Police also booked 10 people for drunken driving.A release said that several small teams have been formed to keep a check on lodges and inspect vehicles . The raids were led by senior police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907810", "title": "Dead woman's kin booked in dowry case", "text": "LUCKNOW: PGI police have registered a case of dowry death against the in-laws and husband of a 24-year-old woman, Rekha, whose death was reported on October 16 in Telibagh. Rekha's father-in-law had told the police that she had committed suicide.Rekha's father, however, had alleged that his daughter used to be tortured by her in-laws for dowry, and added that she was murdered after an argument with her mother-in-law. Rekha's father-in-law Premshankar is an assistant review officer in the government. Rekha got married two year back and had a six-month-old son.Janak Dwivedi, circle officer, Mohanlalganj, Janak Dwivedi, said, \"Rekha's in-laws have been booked for causing death by negligence and subjecting her to cruelty. The statements of the family members are being recorded and we will frame stringent charges against the person responsible for Rekha's death.\" Under Section 304B of IPC if a married woman dies otherwise than normal circumstances within seven years of marriage, such death maybe called as 'dowry death'. Rekha's postmortem report stated that she died due to hanging.As per the report submitted by Rekha's in-laws, the husband and wife were sleeping together in the same room. However, husband of the deceased remained in deep slumber while Rekha hung herself in the same room sometime during the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16907686", "title": "Now, prepaid mobile connections to be activated after verification", "text": "JAISALMER: To stop unfair use of prepaid mobile connections by anti-national elements, terrorists etc., from November 1 onwards prepaid mobile phone connections, like postpaid connections, will be activated 24-48 hours after tele-verification by the company. With this initiative, the union telecommunication ministry will be able to completely check fake mobile connections.Department of telecommunications, Rajasthan, deputy director general Raman Lal said the telecom ministry is getting complaints about unfair use of prepaid connections procured through fake IDs and also many retailers out of greed are misusing the company schemes.The DoT has also given new guidelines to mobile operators.The DDG said that under the new rules, the consumer has to submit the duly filled application form along with legal documents and photograph to the retailers. Once the application is submitted to the authorized distributer of the company, it will activate the SIM after tele-verification. The entire process may take 24-48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907642", "title": "UP industries to protest power tariff hike", "text": "LUCKNOW: Annoyed with the hike in power tariff, industry owners, under the aegis of Indian Industries Association (IIA), in the state will stage protest across the state on October 26. In Lucknow, the protest will be staged in Hazratganj, while in other districts members will hand over a representation to the respective district magistrates.On Sunday, the association alleged that hike in power tariff was uncalled for was in gross violation of power policy which stipulates that the power tariff should not be hiked 20 per cent more than the average production cost. Speaking to reporters, general secretary of IIA, Mansih Goyal said in case of heavy industries, tariff had been escalated by more than 50 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909648", "title": "Welcome Break", "text": "The next decade belongs to hospitality. To meet the growth in the industry, India would need more skilled professionals. Nishant Kumar reportsWhat happens when a nation, known for its 'atithi-devo-bhava ' outlook, turns out to be a hub of international hotel chains and food and beverage (F&B;) outlets? Simple. There is a demand for trained and qualified hospitality professionals. According to a recent report by CII and Cushman &amp; Wakefield, consultancy firm, India is likely to have 50,000 hotel rooms in its top six cities in the next five years. The report predicts that 2012 alone will see 14,800 fresh opportunities by the end of the year. Says Akshay Kulkarni, regional director-Hospitality , South and South East Asia, Cushman &amp; Wakefield, \"India's hospitality sector has been generating interest in a variety of segments like meetings, incentives, conferences and exhibitions ( MICE), wellness tourism and spiritual &amp; pilgrimage tourism, apart from the traditional business or leisure travel. The demand is notable in both foreign as well as domestic market.\" \"The next decade belongs to hospitality, and to back this unprecedented growth, India would need millions of skilled professionals,\" says S Sudha Kumar, principal, Institute of Hotel Management (IHM), Hyderabad.ROOM FOR MOREAs per the World Travel Tourism Council (WTTC), in India, the total contribution of travel and tourism was 6.4% of the total GDP in 2011 and is predicted to rise by 7.3% by the end of 2012. From 'Incredible India' to India as a 365-day destination, the government has been taking initiatives in the areas of investment and infrastructure to boost the tourism and hospitality sector. Says AK Singh, principal, IHM Lucknow, \"By 2020, India would need eight crore people to cater to the burgeoning hospitality sector in India. It is not possible for IHMs or the private institutes to train such a huge number. The government is establishing hotel management as well as food and craft institutes, besides other institutes and programmes to educate and train the managerial and nonmanagerial workforce.\" The tourism industry is expected to emerge as the second largest employer in the world. And according to Ashok Mittal, chancellor, Lovely Professional University, Jalandhar, \"It will put India in the third position in world tourism market with capital investment worth US$ 94.5 billion by 2019.\"SERVING SUCCESSEven as the demand for existing job profiles are soaring with the increase in the number of hotel rooms across India , the rapid expansion of the tourism sector has made way for new job roles. \"Gone are the days when hospitality students would find employment only in the hotel industry. Now they are preferred in wider service areas like BPO, retail, infrastructure, mall management services, PR, etc,\" says career counsellor Pervin Malhotra. Today, students find employment in luxury resorts, restaurants , travel agencies, motels, clubs, highend casinos, flight kitchens, cruise ships, call centres, theme parks, multiplexes and fast food chains.&gt;&gt; FUTURE PERFECTApart from leisure travel, several sectors have emerged as the frontrunners in giving impetus to the tourism sector and are likely to provide employment prospects in the future. Prominent among them is pilgrimage and spiritual tourism. Next is medical and wellness tourism. \"With India emerging as the hub of medical tourism, there is potential in spa, ayurvedic treatment centres, yoga centres and nutrition centres,\" shares Anil Malhotra , GM, Taj Chandigarh. Eco-tourism , adventure and wildlife tourism are some other areas that a hospitality major student may explore. Though the future looks promising for tourism and the hospitality sector, scarcity of skilled manpower remains a constant challenge. Malhotra opines, \"Business related travel has given new direction and dimension to the tourism sector in India. Furthermore, FDI in retail, liberalisation and expansion of the aviation sector have opened more avenues, thus creating a huge gap between demand and supply of trained manpower.\" Adds Kumar, \"Today, we are not even able to supply 10% of the total demand in the hospitality sector.\"COURSE CURSORThe eligibility criterion for admission to a diploma or degree course in hospitality is +2. Main areas of studies include food production, front office, food and beverage and housekeeping. Students can opt for courses like BSc, MSc and MBA in hospitality management and MA and MSc in international tourism and hospitality. Apart from the 21 Institutes of Hotel Management (IHMs), several private institutes across the country provide undergraduate, postgraduate as well as certificate courses. Besides, The Taj backs the Institute of Hotel Management at Aurangabad, while the Oberoi has its own institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "16907336", "title": "Accident kills five members of a family in Uttarakhand", "text": "DEHRADUN: Five members of a family, including two kids aged seven and nine, were killed when a speeding truck rammed into a three-wheeler carrying them from Haldwani to Halduchor on Saturday evening.Kumaon range DIG Deepak Jyoti Ghildhiyal said three members of the family died on spot, while two others succumbed to their injuries later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16907662", "title": "Gujarat ATS brings terror accused Abu Jundal from Delhi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Abu Jundal, one of the accused in the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack, was brought to the city by a team of state Anti-terrorism Squad (ATS) on Sunday amidst tight security. An ATS team went to Delhi for taking custody of the alleged Lashkar-e-Taiba ( LeT ) operative from National Investigation Agency (NIA). Jundal is one of the main accused in the 2006 RDX blast at Kalupur railway station injuring 25.According to ATS officials, the blast took place on February 19, 2006 at 1.43am on platform number 2 due to a consignment of 1kg of RDX concealed in a suitcase kept on a stack of plastic crates. Police investigators suspect that the bomb was for Mumbai-Ahmedabad Karnavati Express but a mistake in setting the timer of the improvised explosive device ( IED) saved many lives. Police had arrested four persons including a police constable in connection with the case\"Abu Jundal was one of the main conspirators in the incident. His questioning will reveal a number of details about the plot. We had applied for his custody in July this year stating our case. Apart from the blast case, we are also investigating the case of 2006 where Jundal is named for scouting and recruiting men from Gujarat and other states for terror training. He will be questioned about the local contacts,\" said Manoj Sashidhar, deputy inspector general of police, ATS.Jundal was brought by a flight from Delhi by a team of 15 officers at 6.45pm on Sunday at the city airport. Special security arrangements were made by the airport authorities to escort him from the flight to the ATS vehicles. The convoy carrying him was also given added security, said officials.Jundal, a native of Maharashtra, was handed over to India by Saudi Arabia in June this year when the investigating agencies handed over proof of his involvement in Mumbai terror attack and his suspected role in the German Bakery blast in Pune and other terrorism activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913762", "title": "I have failed again: Chandrashekhar", "text": "'Kaalaaya Thasmai Namaha' director Chandrashekhar Srivastava said that he has again failed in his second attempt which has entailed huge losses to the producer Martuhi Jadiyavar and many distributors.\"There is something wrong in my work. People will appreciate or reject the film, but they do not make it known to the film industry people as to what they like or dislike. This has been a big mystery,\" said Chandrashekhara Srivastava who had boasted earlier through his trailer promos that the film has 'disturbed' the Kannada film industry.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16909280", "title": "Govt fears CBI probe may affect T P Chandrasekharan murder trial", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The government has been advised against ordering a CBI probe into conspiracy that led to the May 4 murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan, it is learnt.According to sources, legal experts have warned the government that a CBI probe, before the commencement of the murder case trial, might jeopardize the entire case.The director general of prosecution has opined that the trial should be started without delay. It has been argued that the CBI would not confine its investigation to the conspiracy angle alone. Also, the government has been faced with the question whether to stall the trial by ordering the central agency to probe the case. However, some others felt that the trial and the CBI probe could be conducted simultaneously.\"The trial will get stalled only if the CBI comes up with another set of accused, or arrives at a conclusion different from that of the police,\" said a retired police officer, who had investigated a number of high-profile murder cases. The former police officer said the matter was clearly explained in an order passed by Justice K T Thomas in 1993. \"In this case there is little chance for the CBI to arrive at a different conclusion. So there is nothing wrong in asking the central agency to probe the conspiracy part,\" he said.Meanwhile, the government has been trying to convince the RMP leadership and TP's wife K K Rema on the need for starting the trial immediately, it was learnt. Rema denied receiving any official communication in this regard. \"We stand by our demand for a CBI probe. At the same time, we don't want to jeopardize the murder case,\" she said.The Vadakara judicial first class magistrate has completed the procedure to commit the case to the district and sessions court in Kozhikode, and has transferred all documents to the higher court. No decision has been taken on the court that would hear the case.Kozhikode: Opinion is divided over seeking an CBI probe into larger conspiracy behind the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan before the commencement of the trial in the case.Government is learnt to have received the legal opinion that instituting a CBI probe before the commencement of the trial may jeopardise the entire case. If the CBI decides to probe the case, it may difficult for the agency to confine to the conspiracy angle alone. The apprehension is that whether it would be necessary to stall the trial if CBI begins enquiry into the conspiracy angle.But there is a section which believes that the trial and the CBI probe can go simultaneously. \"The issue of stalling the trial comes only if CBI comes up with another set of accused or arrives at a conclusion that different from that of the police,\" said a retired police officer, who had investigated a number of high-profile murder cases.According to the officer, the matter is clearly explained in the order passed by Justice K T Thomas in 1993. \"In this case there is little chance for the CBI to arrive at a different conclusion. So there is nothing wrong in asking the central agency to probe the conspiracy part,\" he said.But the government is trying to impress upon the RMP leadership and K K Rema, the wife of the slain leader, that it would be better to start the trial immediately. Rema said there has not been any official communication in this regard. \"We stand by our demand for a CBI probe. At the same time we do not want to jeopardise the murder case,\" she said.The Vadakara Judicial First Class Magistrate has completed the procedure to commit the case to the District and Sessions Court, Kozhikode and has transferred all the documents to the higher court. The decision on which court should try the case is yet to be taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914330", "title": "Shiva Reddy used to imitate teachers", "text": "Shiva Reddy used to imitate his teachers, principal and temple priests to perfection and the applauses he got prompted him to pursue a film career. First, he got a chance in Doordarshan and he subsequently performed extensively in various programs.The actor made his acting debut with Pittala Dora and started receiving offers and one of them include Ammai Kosam. The film turned the fortunes for him and he didn't look back since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16908817", "title": "Metro rail row evokes mixed response", "text": "KOCHI: Amid controversies over Delhi Metro Rail Corporation's (DMRC) role in implementing the Kochi metro project, city residents want the state government to execute the project without further delays. Many would like DMRC and E Sreedharan to finish the work they have begun, while some expressed their dissatisfaction over the shoddy state of affairs. TOI caught up with a few prominent personalities in Kochi for their opinion on the issue.While district collector and Kochi Metro Rail Limited (KMRL) director board member P I Sheik Pareeth supported DMRC's role saying that the agency can complete the project in a time bound manner, the chairman of Greater Cochin Development Authority (GCDA) N Venugopal urged the government to take the global tender route to ensure transparency.Elaborating his views, the collector said: \"If Delhi Metro Rail Corporation is executing the Kochi Metro project and E Sreedharan is there to oversee the work, then we will be able to complete the metro project in three years. If not, I don't have an answer.\"But Centre for Public Policy Research MD D Dhanuraj favoured the global tender plan to dissolve the controversies surrounding the project. \"Various agencies will get an opportunity to analyse the detailed project report prepared by DMRC. There will be more transparency and clarity. If DMRC is the best metro agency, they can compete with others and take up the responsibility of executing the project. No project should be individual centric or organisation centric,\" he said.Meanwhile, the president of Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry Nishesh Shaw said: \"The state wanted DMRC to take up the project. They should have floated a global tender long ago. The government should not step back now and delay the works. Instead it should settle the differences between various agencies amicably. Stalling the event for a temporary period will not resolve the crisis.\"\"DMRC is not the only agency in the world involved in execution of metro projects and E Sreedharan is not the only expert available. The state should go for a global tender and choose a competent agency,\" said the GCDA chairman.However, president of Better Kochi Response Group S Gopakumar backed Sreedharan. \"DMRC, under the stewardship of E Sreedharan, would be the right choice. While the agency is familiar with Indian circumstances, the Metro Man knows the city,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16908546", "title": "Naval chief Admiral Devendra Kumar Josh felicitated at Eastern Naval Command", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Naval chief Admiral Devendra Kumar Joshi was felicitated at the Eastern Naval Command on his maiden visit on Sunday. Apart from inspecting a ceremonial guard, the navy chief inspected various establishments and ships at ENC when a number of programmes were lined up on the occasion of his first official visit.The naval chief was accompanied by his wife Chitra Joshi, president of the Navy Wives Welfare Association. An alumni of Naval War College (USA) and College of Naval Warfare (NHCC), Admiral Joshi was chief of the Western Naval Command before he was appointed the 21st chief of naval staff.Admiral Joshi is known to be an expert in anti-submarine warfare and had earlier served as commander of three frontline ships, Missile Corvette Kuthar, Kashin Class Destroyer Ranvir and Aircraft Carrier Virat, all at the WNC. For his services, he was awarded the Vishisht Seva Medal, Yudh Seva Medal and Nau Sena Medal.The navy chief had earlier served as a security instructor and a directing staff at the Defence Services Staff College, Wellington. He also served as a defence advisor in Singapore. He was the commander-in-chief of the joint services at the Andaman and Nicobar islands after which he received the Param Vishishta Seva medal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907327", "title": "35 new cases of dengue in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thirty-five fresh cases of dengue were reported in the capital on Sunday, taking the total number of cases to 652 this season. Two people have succumbed to dengue ever since the disease began spreading in the city early this month.According to municipal officials, except Sadar Paharganj and city zones, all other 10 zones reported fresh cases on Friday with Shahdara (south) areas topping the list with seven cases. \"South Corporation reported the maximum cases at 246 this season while 223 cases were detected from the North Corporation areas. So far, 155 cases have been reported from East Corporation,\" the official said.\"We are still getting 10-15 confirmed cases of dengue every day. In rare cases, the disease takes a fatal form when the platelet counts are severely low and there is internal bleeding,\" said a senior doctor at Sir Ganga Ram hospital. Doctors at Rockland, Max and Apollo hospitals also said they were getting many cases of dengue.Virender Kasana, the Congress councilor from Chittaranjan Park, said that keeping in view the festival season, special measures were being taken to check mosquito breeding in pandals and Ramlila grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16912739", "title": "Maoist terror hits road development work in Sukma", "text": "RAIPUR: Faced with overwhelming threat of Naxal terror, road development activities in the newly carved out district in tribal Bastar region of Chhattisgarh , has taken a hit.Road construction work to the tune of an estimated Rs 350 crore are at a standstill in Sukma, located on the state's southernmost tip and the tri-junction of Chhattisgarh, Orissa and Andhra Pradesh.Many areas of the improvised Sukma district form part of the so-called liberated zone of 'Dandakaranya' of the Maoists where they are supposed to be running a parallel government and where there is virtually no presence of civil administration.Sukma collector Alex Paul Menon's abduction by the Maoists in April this year and his subsequent release has forced the authorities to tread with caution while taking up road development projects, resulting in Sukma almost becoming an approachless island and causing hardships to the tribals residing in remote areas.Of the total 418 kilometers long roads in the district, only six roads-with a total length of 168 kilometres- are in a condition where vehicles can run.These roads range from 12kms to 25kms.Construction work of four other roads of a total length of 250kms have been thwarted due to Maoist threat, adversely affecting movement of vehicles in the area. Besides, there are many other small roads where taking up any development work is a far cry.Spread over an area of over 500 square kilometre and with a population of 2.50 lakh, 200 out of total 373 villages in Sukma don't have any road connectivity.The government had already earmarked funds and accorded sanctions for construction of 56kms long Dornapal-Jagargunda road, 65kms long Chintalnar-Mariaguda road, 44kms long Injaram-Bhejji-Chintagufa road and 85kms long Sukma-Konta road.The 56-kilometre stretch of kaccha road from Dornapal to Jagargunda is the one that helps keep the Maoist grip intact over many parts of Sukma district.The rebels have dug up this road at many places, blew up culverts and laid landmines at several places on this stretch.State public works department (PWD) chief engineer (Bastar Range) A K Manthan said construction agencies were finalized for Dornapal-Jagargunda and Chintalnar-Mariaguda roads but the contractors did not start work due to Naxalite threat.Similarly, work on Sukma-Konta national highway could not be started because of certain disputes.Kawasi Lakma, Congress legislator representing Sukma, told TOI that the centre has allocated sufficient funds for road development programme. But road construction activities are yet to be started as it cannot be done without adequate security cover.\"Even on the Sukma-Konta national highway, the road condition is such that it takes about five to six hours to cover a distance of 85 kilometres,\" he said.Tribes living in the remote areas of Sukma have to tread miles even for taking an ailing person to hospital or for getting ration. After the new Sukma district was carved out, the administration was working on a plan to address the issue of road construction when the collector was abducted by the Maoists. Thus the plan to involve the locals, who are aware about the terrain and circumstances in road construction activities, also fell flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16913194", "title": "Haryana Haryana State Legal Services Authority asks district unit to monitor crime against women", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana State Legal Services Authority (HSLSA) has asked its all Secretaries of District Legal Services Authorities that whenever any crime against woman in their respective area of jurisdiction comes to their notice, they should reach the victim through a penal of woman advocates or female para legal volunteers.While stating this here today, the Member Secretary of the HSLSA said that a decision to this effect has been taken in view of the fact that sometimes such victims face difficulty in approaching the police station.He said that it was in the year 2009 that the Haryana State Legal Services Authority had started a Model Scheme for Legal Aid Prosecution Counsel for victims of rape and other crime against women and children. Under this scheme, female advocates on the panel of District Legal Services Authority are visiting the Police Station falling under jurisdiction of concerned courts allotted to them and give legal assistance to the victims of rape and other crimes against women and children. At the stage of trial also, any victim of such crime against women and children can be provided the services of such Legal Aid Counsel.Consequently in September 2009, the Director General of Police, Haryana issued instructions to the Commissioners of Police, Gurgaon and Faridabad, all District Superintendent of Police and Superintendent of Police, Railway, Haryana, Ambala Cantt. to direct all Station House Officers (SHO) or in-charge of police stations in Haryana to do the needful and co-operate with the lady advocates appointed by the Secretaries, District Legal Services Authorities in the State in discharging their duties.Under the scheme, the SHO of the concerned police station is under duty to inform the concerned child or woman victim of her right to representation before any question is asked from her and the police should keep proper record and also mention in the report that the concerned woman or child victim has been informed. Legal assistance is provided at the police station upon arrival of the woman or child victim at the police station and at the time of being questioned by the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16908860", "title": "Waiting lists greet elderly at old-age homes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Finding an old-age home has become an uphill task for Narendra Brahmbhatt, 67, a retired government official, and his wife Leela, 62. \"We want to shift to a retirement home after our only daughter got married two years ago,\" he says. \"But there is a waiting list of at least six months everywhere we go.\"Brahmbhatt has made the choice to fight off loneliness, but for many senior citizens it is the last option, either because their children don't want them or because of a bitter family feud. But they can't immediately shift out. Some 250-odd senior citizens are waiting their turn to enter the 17 old-age homes around the city having capacity of 2,000 people. The sad reality is a vacancy is created only when someone dies or shifts to a home outside the city.As nuclear families rise in Ahmedabad, so has the demand for the old-age homes. Old-age home managers say they are witnessing waiting lists in the past six to eight months. Many homes have started expanding facilities to meet the rush.Geeta Thakkar, trustee of Jeevandhara Vruddhashram at Lambha, says they have 80 senior citizens with them and a waiting list of 45. \"We are constructing a new wing,\" she says. Same is the case with Jeevan Sandhya on the Ahmedabad-Gandhinagar highway. \"We have 15 inquiries pending from couples,\" says trustee Mayank Dave.City police officials have taken up the cause of ousted senior citizens. Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, recently rehabilitated a 67-year old woman from Isanpur at an old-age home. The woman had been driven out of home by her son who is an advocate.\"We see heart-wrenching cases every day where the old parents are forced out of their homes. Some children attribute the phenomenon to 'generation gap', while others simply usurp the property and leave the parents homeless,\" said Parshu Kakkad of Jeevan Sandhya, the biggest home at Naranpura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16912004", "title": "Tank explodes, 2 injured", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A 40-year-old man running a general merchant shop in Kareli locality under Kareli police station and a minor girl were injured here on Saturday afternoon when the steel tank of an air filling machine kept inside the shop exploded. As per reports, Ballu Kushwaha aged 40 years and resident Naya Purwa owns a general merchant shop in Kareli locality where he has installed an air filling machine for two and four- wheelers.On Saturday afternoon the steel tank burst accidentally with a loud bang as a result of which some tomato ketchup bottles kept close to the spot broke while glass particles flew across injuring Kushwaha and a minor girl standing nearby. tnnHearing the blast, locals rushed to the spot and took the two to hospital where they are undergoing treatment and are stated to be out of danger, informed Station Officer, Kareli police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911711", "title": "Multiplexes have killed small cinema: Onir", "text": "Moderation isn't a word that National Award winning filmmaker, Onir probably knows. For, whatever he seems to do is with such a great deal of passion, whether it's exploring Lucknow for his upcoming film, Veda, or his belief in the cause if indie cinema.And the passion he infuses in his work, seems to be infectious. For, the online petition to save indie cinema - \"what you would call the thinking cinema, cinema which has a vision towards a better future,\" he explains - that Onir initiated, is steadily gaining steam, with prominent filmmakers and actors from the industry lending their support to it. Onir, obviously, is happy. And it takes only a small query about where it all started from, for him to launch into a monologue about his reasons for pushing the petition.\"We're constantly told that there's no audience for indie cinema,\" he says, \"But from what I've experienced and learnt from my interactions with other filmmakers in the indie space, is that the biggest problem is that of exhibition. There are big films releasing, so you don't even get theatre space for films that are made minus the studio system. The whole concept of word of mouth never happens, because if the first three days you don't perform at the box office, your film's thrown out of theatre. You're competing with 150-crore films, 200-crore films - indie films don't have that kind of publicity budget - and theatres don't give you exhibition space.\"For example, when I AM was releasing, I wanted it to release in Lucknow, but exhibitors said, 'no, there's no audience here'. Now, I also am not a fool, I also don't think I'll immediately have an audience like Dabangg for my film. But the audience also needs to be nurtured, brought out. Cinema is losing out on its audience because today if you go to a theatre and there's I AM for three hundred rupees and Ra.One for three hundred, obviously even I would go and see Ra.One . Why should something that costs so much lesser be priced the same as a crore-budget film?\"Onir points out, \"Multiplexes were given tax benefits so that they support small cinema. But what they've done in the process is killed it, they've not even kept one screen dedicated to such films.\" Is DD just for blockbusters?A film like Rituparno's Chitrangada , which is a beautiful film, nobody else in the country gets to see it, because we don't have a distribution system where we can show these movies with English subtitles everywhere. And we're talking about going cross-over to Europe? If we don't watch each other's films, how will it happen?\"And it is the responsibility of the government to support such films, so that we have a space all over the country where people can see Tamil, Oriya, Bengali film, so that as a nation we also start knowing about each other's culture, interacting with each other. In Europe they have a chain of independent theatres, with a strong state support.\"The idea of the petition finally came when Onir heard of the government's plans to celebrate 100 years of Indian cinema. \"When I heard the government had a budget of 600 crores to revive archival material to celebrate 100 years of Hindi cinema, which is very important, I was like, you're killing the present and sitting with the past, what is the point? If just one-third of that money was used to make and refurbish single screen theatres which are languishing, we would have 400 theatres all over the country, where such (indie) films could be showcased,\" he says.But do petitions really work, we ask. \" Pata nahi what will happen, but let's try,\" he says positively, adding, \"We want slowly a culture to develop where people watch independent cinema. It won't happen overnight, but it's time we started. This has been long overdue. And that's why so many people are supporting the cause. Also, this is the voice of so many filmmakers, they can't just not hear it.\"And as part of the process of developing an audience for such cinema, Onir says the national broadcaster, Doordarshan, has a big role to play. \"DD has this weird logic that you need U certificate to show a film on their channel. On satellite , you can show a U/A film, so why is the Doordarshan audience discriminated against? Secondly, nothing on television today is censored, so why should a film be censored for TV? Put an adult film in the 11pm slot, no? Does this country not have an adult audience? And if a child is watching a film at 11pm, then there's a problem with parenting. You have to realize that some of the best films of this country, Sahib Biwi Aur Ghulam, Charulata , are not U films. All of us have grown up watching all kinds of movies - we've seen a Sholay, and we've seen an Aakrosh, and we love both equally in a different way,\" he argues, \"The only platform we have, the national broadcaster, is also not supporting us. Kya bol rahein hain? That it's for blockbuster films. I'm sorry, that's the biggest shame if you can't air a film that the government has awarded!\"Of course, Onir's grouse against DD is also personal. \"After fighting so much to get I AM on air on DD, they send me a contract saying they're paying 5 lakh for screening it,\" he shares, \"I'm not even interested. That's like a joke. I've earned more than that in taxes for my film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909114", "title": "Jawaharlal Nehru University students\u2019 union calls for strike on October 30", "text": "The students' union of Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) has called for a university strike and protest demonstration before the academic council (AC) meeting on campus on October 30.The JNU students' union (JNUSU) had put forward its long-pending demands for reforms for the student community at large before the administration. After long, the demands will be discussed at the AC meeting. However, the student leaders feel that discussions are not enough and that they want the administration to take a stand on the issues.The four major demands, says Agnitra Ghosh, a student of the Centre for Study of Regional Development and vice-president , All India Students Association (AISA), include reducing the viva-voice marks from 30% to 10-15 %, increasing the amount of the merit-cummeans scholarship meant for students from economically weaker sections, assigning grace marks for minority students and changing the 2011 decision of holding separate entrance exams for integrated courses in the School of Languages.\"We have to ensure that one of our major demands, involving the reduction of the vivavoice marks, is implemented. Also, as far as building of more hostels is concerned, we are awaiting the administration's decision on it,\" adds V Lenin Kumar, president, JNUSU.These issues had been earlier taken up by the previous students' union as well. These are the major demands, besides the other reforms including building of more hostels, reading rooms, and enhancing fellowships, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16907733", "title": "Japanese man weds NRI as per Hindu rituals", "text": "AJMER: The city witnessed a rare wedding on Saturday when a Japanese groom tied the knot with a Hindu bride. The marriage took place in Sai Baba temple in Ajay Nagar. The bride Nameeta, daughter of NRI and industrialist Suresh K Lal got married to Ukaako according to Hindu rituals.Lal, who had got an elaborate Sai Baba Temple constructed here a couple of years ago, organised the marriage of his daughter Nameeta with Ukaako, son of Mitsuharo, in the temple. About 300 Japanese attended the wedding. The groom was dressed in a shervani and pagri and the bride dazzled in a traditional lehnga.Lal had settled in Japan many years ago and is now renowned industrialist. But he used to visit his native place regularly and also constructed a vast Sai Baba Temple here. This is the first time a Japanese citizen has got married here, making the wedding a much-talked about affair.The guests from Japan enjoyed witnessing a traditional Indian wedding replete with the band , baaja and appreciated the Indian food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "16908288", "title": "In Egypt, football fans politicise sports", "text": "CAIRO: Rowdy Football fans clashed outside a stadium in the Egyptian capital today bringing traffic to a halt as a domestic tournament resumed months after a bloody clash left 70 people dead.Traffic in Cairo's eastern area of Heliopolis came to a halt after clashes took place this evening.Security forces had increased their presence at the Baron Hotel where the Nigerian team Sunshine was staying to play a game in the evening with the Al-Ahly club in the Egyptian Football Association game.The game went ahead as planned while the clashes took place on a highway leading from the airport to the city centre.Domestic football play was almost entirely suspended since a bloody incident at a match in Port Said earlier this year left more than seventy Ahly fans dead.The hardcore fans of the club known as Ultras have vowed to continue to disrupt local football games and prevent the resumption of the league.The ultras demand that a verdict be issued for the 75 people being tried in criminal court over that incident before domestic games resume.The Ahly supporters however did not oppose the Sunshine-Ahly match, which is continental and thus not associated with the domestic league.The domestic football association workers attempted to obstruct the game in an attempt to draw attention to their own plight and in doing so drew a reaction from the devoted Ahly supporters.The Facebook page for the Ultras had called on members to go to the hotel to enable Sunshine players to travel to the stadium, and reported that police had fired live ammunition into the air at the demonstration.Only one Egyptian Football Association game has been played this year due to delay from ultras protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16912993", "title": "Naveen Patnaik unveils Chilika plan", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The chief minister on Saturday unveiled a plan for management and conservation of Chilika lake.The 'Management Planning Framework for Chilika Lake' aims at conserving resources for ecological security and economic improvement of over 2 lakh people dependent on the brackish water lagoon. \"Some of the important issues, like controlling the silt flow into the lake through appropriate catchment treatment, should be given utmost priority in the management plan,\" said chief minister Naveen Patnaik.Pointing out that Chilika is home to the rare Irrawaddy dolphins, Patnaik said carefully-planned eco-tourism can create alternate livelihood opportunity for the locals. \"Long-term sustainable use of fisheries resources management through promotion of responsible fishery has been given high priority in the plan. Chilika, being a coastal wetland, the climate change issues need to be dealt with appropriately,\" he added.Talking to mediapersons on the sidelines of the event, Dr Anada Tiega, secretary-general, Ramsar Convention, Switzerland, said the Chilika management plan was jointly developed by Wetlands International South Asia and the Chilika Development Authority (CDA) on the recommendation of the Ramsar Advisory Mission.Tiega said some censors have been deployed in and around the lake to record the changes taking place in the water every 15 minutes due to different climatic conditions. \"This world-class monitoring process will help us in devising systems to protect sensitive species in the lake,\" Tiega said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "16909282", "title": "Calicut University starts process to elect new senate", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The nominated syndicate of the Calicut University, which was granted one-year extension by the state this month, is unlikely to last beyond three months. The varsity is rushing ahead with its plans to constitute a 56-member senate through elections, which will elect new syndicate members from among themselves by the end of January 2013.Interestingly, the varsity has hurriedly set in motion the election process for members from 10 constituencies just days after the term of the syndicate was extended on October 1.University registrar P P Mohammed told TOI that the election notification does not go against the extension of term of the syndicate as the nominated body would have validity only till the new senate is constituted.It may be noted that the CU vice-chancellor had earlier earlier tried to block the extension of the term of the syndicate and hadapproached the chief minister and the UDF leadership against granting extension to some members of the syndicate who had toed a different line on issues like the CU land scam in which prime varsity land was doled out to IUML-related trusts.The decision to speed up the senate election is said to be aimed at clipping the wings of the current syndicate, which had locked horns with the VC on many issues.Currently, all the 14 nominated members of the syndicate are pro-UDF, but the elected syndicate will have sizeable LDF representation.The members of the nominated syndicate said that the UDF leadership, including IUML leaders, have conveyed their strong protest against the unilateral decision to speed up the senate election.As per the election plans, the final election of student representatives to the senate will conclude on January 28.The election from the constituencies of principals of affiliated colleges, teachers of government colleges, teachers of private colleges, representatives from local government bodies, registered trade unions, non- teaching staff of university departments and affiliated colleges and managers of private colleges will take place between January 9 to 24.Meanwhile, it is learnt that Congress-affiliated staff organization would approach the high court against the election notification stating that the electoral rolls of varsity employees have not been updated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16912910", "title": "Kejriwal slapped legal notice for 'defaming' Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist Arvind Kejriwal was on Monday served with a legal notice by Delhi chief minister's political advisor Pawan Khera for allegedly defaming Sheila Dikshit.Kejriwal has been asked to tender an \"unconditional public apology\" for levelling \"baseless allegations and aspersions\" using \"foul and filthy\" language.The notice, which accused Kejriwal of making \"derogatory\" remarks about the Chief Minister, was sent to the activist by Dikshit's political advisor Pawan Khera.\"Immediately withdraw all the allegations and aspersions made by you against Sheila Dikshit , the Chief Minister of Delhi which has thus defamed my client and the office of Chief Minister of Delhi, in talk shows in at least on three prominent channels and newspapers in equal if not more prominence than the original defamatory content.\"Tender an unconditional public apology to my client to her satisfaction through print and electronic media with regard to the said baseless allegations and aspersions and using foul and filthy language,\" the notice said.Kejriwal has been organising protests against power tariff hike in the capital and levelling allegations that the government was in collusion with power discoms.The notice said the word \"dalal\" (broker) was used for the Chief Minister in a talk show.It also asked him to refrain from using any such filthy language unbecoming of civil-public discourse in future.\"In case of failure to comply with this notice within a period of two days of receipt of this legal notice, you shall render yourself jointly and severally liable to face appropriate civil as well as criminal proceedings under the relevant provisions of the law at your risk as to cost and consequences,\" the notice filed by lawyer Mehmood Pracha said.Reacting to the legal notice, Kejriwal told a protest here that he will continue doing this till \"corrupt practices\" are done away with.\"We will continue to defame you till injustice and corruption are done away with,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16907313", "title": "Noida farmers call off protest", "text": "NOIDA: Farmers of Noida, who had stalled construction work on residential projects in the city for over a month, decided to call off their protests on Sunday after the Noida Authority agreed to meet their demands. The Authority has assured them that proposals of their demands would be taken up for approval in the next board meeting.About 300 disgruntled farmers riding motorbikes, cars, tractor-trolley and cycles had last protested outside the Authority office in Sector 6 on Wednesday. On Saturday, Authority officials had met a farmers' delegation and agreed to solve their problems. Officials assured them that they will solve the developed plots issue within five months. \"We have started working on the roadmap to clear the issues. Farmers have also assured that they will cooperate with us and we hope to settle things by April next year,\" said a senior Authority official. The Authority will have to distribute Rs 2,000 crore as compensation.For about a month, farmers of Sadarpur village have been demanding 64% hiked compensation, 10% developed plots, village development and regularization of abadi land, among others. \"It is a welcome decision. If the Authority does not settle our problems, we will again resume our agitation and halt the construction work in the region,\" said Ashok Bhati, a farmer.Meanwhile, an issue of allotting a farmer's land to a developer has arisen in Sarfabad area. Authority officials have decided to initiate a probe by SDM (Dadri) to establish the exact ownership of the land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909122", "title": "How earnest money impacts your tax", "text": "You don't have to pay income tax on earnest money received from a failed deal, but there are other tax implications you should be familiar with, says MK AgarwalWhen you buy or sell a tangible asset , there is usually some earnest money given by the buyer before he arranges for the full payment. This can range from 5,000-10 ,000 for a used car to a couple of lakhs of rupees for a real estate transaction. The payment is meant to seal the deal and the rules of arrangement are simple. If the buyer backs out, the earnest money given to the seller is forfeited. If the seller changes his mind, he gives back double the amount to the buyer. To ensure that both the parties play fair, there is typically an intermediary who is known to both.In normal circumstances, any amount received as advance for the purchase of an asset is a revenue receipt and is taxed in the year that it is received. What happens if the deal falls through? Will the forfeited amount become the income of the seller and will he have to pay tax on it? Under which income head will the amount have to be declared in the tax return form?As per Section 51 of the Income Tax Act, 1961, if the owner of an asset has received money by forfeiting any advance money for the asset, this amount will be deducted from the purchase price of the asset. This is the cost for which the asset was acquired or its fair market value (if the property was purchased before 1 April 1981). Suppose you bought a property for 10 lakh about 15 years ago, and two years ago, you decided to sell it for 40 lakh. The deal was struck and the buyer gave you earnest money of 2 lakh, but later backed out. The 2 lakh will be treated as capital receipt and you will not be taxed in that year, but the amount will be deducted from the purchase price of your property when you sell it in the future. In this case, the purchase price will be taken as 8 lakh.In some cases, deduction of earnest money from the cost price of the asset pushes up the capital gains tax of the owner substantially . In the example (How much tax... ), the owner would not have had to pay any tax had he not forfeited the earnest money. The indexed cost of acquisition without deducting 50,000 from the cost price would have been 8.3 lakh. One would be better off including the earnest money in one's income from other sources and paying tax on it. Is this possible ? The law is silent on this because the earnest money is a capital receipt, not income.Also, the seller must know that this is a one-way street. If you backed out of the deal and paid the buyer 2 lakh compensation, it would be treated as a capital loss and not added to the purchase price of the property. You can claim tax benefit on this only if you were in the business of sale and purchase of the property. In such a case, the loss due to forfeiture would be treated as a revenue loss.Earnest money is usually a very small percentage of the total value of the transaction, but sometimes it can be higher than the cost price of the asset. Under Section 48 (read with Section 51), if the amount forfeited is greater than or equal to the cost of acquisition , the cost of the asset will be taken as nil. In one such case involving Sunita N Shah (2005) 94 ITD 492 (Mumbai), the forfeited amount was higher than the cost of acquisition. In such cases, the excess amount is considered capital receipt and is not chargeable to tax.Tax impact on buyerIn case the buyer defaults and the earnest money is forfeited, he will not be allowed to show it as a capital loss. This was the verdict in the case of CIT vs Sterling Investment Corporation Ltd (1980) 123 ITR 441. However, if the seller fails to honour the deal and pays the buyer double the compensation, this will be treated as capital gain because it amounts to relinquishment of a right by the buyer. In the case of CIT vs Vijay Flexible Container (1990) 186 ITR 693, it was held that giving up the right to -obtain conveyance of immovable property amounts to transfer of a capital asset.What happens if the advance money was for the purchase of a commercial property? Can the loss be treated as business expenditure incurred by the purchaser? The amount cannot be claimed as -revenue expenditure. In CIT vs Jaipur Mineral Develop Syndicate (1995) 216 ITR 469 (Raj), it was held that if the payment is made for the pupose of acquiring a capital asset, the amount lost upon forfeiture will not be considered as revenue loss though the amount may not have the same consequence or character in the hands of the recipient or beneficiary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16913122", "title": "Spate of property launches in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: It's the start of the festive season and property developers are keeping the spirits high with a host of new product launches. Much like what is being seen in the automotive space. n under 30 days, the city has seen some five new residential launches by A-grade developers, a trend last seen prior to the 2008 downturn.The new launches range from 2-BHK apartments to 4,000-sqft villas, with prices starting at Rs 37 lakh.\"In the first quarter of this financial year, Bangalore was the single largest market in terms of volume. The real estate market in the city has been robust despite the subdued marco-economic sentiments,\" said Pirojsha Godrej, MD of Godrej Properties. The Mumbai-based developer launched two residential projects in the city in under two-weeks.On Thursday, Godrej launched a 1-million sqft project, called Godrej E-City, in Electronics City Phase-1, which offers 2, 2.5 and 3-BHK apartments, with floor spaces ranging from 964 sqft to 1,625 sqft, at prices starting from Rs 37 lakh.  Prior to this, the company launched a niche villa project, Godrej Gold County, on Tumkur Road, which comprises of 87 units priced above Rs 2 crore.Mayank Ruia, head-residential of The Phoenix Mills, said, \"In under a month we have sold close to 350 units of the 400 units on offer in the first phase of our project.\" The Mumbai-based developer has launched an ultra-high end residential project, One Bangalore West, in Rajajinagar, which has apartments ranging in size from 2,400 sqft to 4,000 sqft at a price of Rs 8,400 per sqft.In a similar price bracket is Embassy Group's luxury residential project Embassy Lake Terraces at Hebbal. This new project has apartment sizes ranging between 3,500 sqft and 9,900 sqft. Prices start from Rs 3 crore.  Puravankara Projects launched an ultra premium property, Purva Whitehall, on Sarjapur Main Road, which offers buyers only 3 and 4-BHK apartments.Jackbastian Nazareth, CEO, Puravankara Projects, said \"The number of enquiries for luxury projects (priced above Rs 2 crore) has increased by close to 30% in the last six months.\" Nazareth added, \"The demand for luxury projects is being fuelled by first generation entrepreneurs, senior management from the IT/ITeS sector, and the larger HNI and NRI base in the city.\"In order to showcase to buyers the breadth of offerings now available, Times Property is launching the 8th edition of its property expo, Home Affairs. The expo will be held on October 20 and 21 at The Lalit Ashok.COMING BACK TO LIFE  Projects nearing completion in South East and North Bangalore witnessed an increase in capital values of 10 15% during the first half of 2012  During the January to June period capital values of mid-segment residential units in South East, East and Off-Central locations increased by around 4-8%, while those in the Central, North and South Bangalore were higher by 1-4% as compared to the same period a year ago", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16908417", "title": "After tiger, a conservation authority for honesty and integrity?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sparrows are sparse in Delhi. Alarm bells were sounded regularly in the last decade about the household bird, whose chatter used to wake us up, vanishing. With our modern gadgets using various wavelengths and radio signals, we succeeded in driving the small birds out of our homes and the city.After the slow decimation of the bird was complete, the Delhi chief minister declared sparrow to be the state bird, setting in motion conservation efforts. Why is it intrinsic to humans through civilizations to kill, destroy or decimate something to remember its utility and value later and then erect memorials or take corrective measures?We did that to wildlife and tigers. Poaching and pleasure killings almost wiped out the big cat and many a small animal from the jungles. We then set in motion the Wildlife Protection Act and created the National Tiger Conservation Authority.The scenario outside the jungles is pretty much the same. Two basic ingredients of a constitutional democracy - honesty and integrity - have been systematically decimated in the three organs of governance. And now, there is a public outcry to root out corruption and create an 'honesty and integrity conservation authority' in Jan Lokpal.The anguished cry to conserve the endangered tribe of honest politicians and bureaucrats came up because corruption has robbed us of almost everything that we promised to ourselves while adopting the Constitution in the Constituent Assembly on November 26, 1949.We, the people, had more than 60 years ago solemnly resolved that in India, there will be social, economic and political justice; that there will be liberty of thought, expression, belief, faith and worship; and that we shall all be equal without any division and get equal opportunities in everything.Six decades is a long time for a country to achieve at least justice, if not in economical sphere, in the social and political arena. Is it visible or felt by the common man? Why has corruption prospered to such an extent that honest and integrity have become the sacrificial lamb on every occasion?We, the people, provided the government with one of the largest human resources. Instead of getting us united and guided towards the common goal of prosperity, we today find ourselves divided by caste, creed, regionalism, religion and sectarianism, taking ourselves as far as possible from the desired goal of social and political justice.Economic justice too is a far cry. We are forced to fight a daily battle for survival. Millions are still clueless how to cross the poverty line by earning a meagre Rs 32 a day to be counted as not poor.In contrast, the political class thinks that the country's resources have been bestowed upon them through legacy and heritage. They do everything, including manipulation, to utilize these resources to their advantage.The honest bureaucrat too has been decimated. In S S Brar vs Chandigarh Administration, the Supreme Court two weeks back said, \"In the system of governance which we have today, junior officers in the administration cannot even think of, what to say of, acting against the wishes/dictates of their superiors. One who violates this unwritten code of conduct does so at his own peril and is described foolhardy. Even those constituting higher strata of services follow the path of least resistance and find it most convenient to tow the line of their superiors.\"When a country's law minister, confronted with documents relating to possible irregularities in the receipt of government grants by his NGO, adopts a threatening posture and talks of blood, we the people must understand that drastic steps are needed to remind the political class about constitutional promises. Otherwise, democracy itself could find itself in troubled waters.In a 1996 judgment in Fred Harvey vs Attorney General of New Brunswick relating to illegal practices by a legislator, the Canadian Supreme Court had said, \"If democracies are to survive, they must insist upon the integrity of those who seek and hold public office. They cannot tolerate corrupt practices within the legislature. Nor can they tolerate electoral fraud. If they do, two consequences are apt to result. First, the functioning of legislature may be impaired. Second, public confidence in the legislature and the government may be undermined. No democracy can afford this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909292", "title": "NGO tries to do its bit to help man find his way back home", "text": "CHENNAI: In a ground floor of the Chennai Corporation's shelter for mentally ill and destitute men in Dooming Kuppam is a lone, fragile figure lying on a mattress. His eyes fly open the moment he hears footsteps he's not accustomed to, but he's not as quick to talk.After a greeting, the first thing he says is, \"I am a Brahmin and I believe in God. He will help me.\" A few minutes of prodding later, he reveals that his name is Swaminathan Iyer and turns away.\"Those are the only two things he's been repeating,\" says Archana Shekhar, who works with the Banyan, an organisation that works with the mentally ill and manages the corporation shelter.The old man, who has slightly matted, thinning white hair and a long beard, was found outside the E1 Mylapore police station. Inspector Mohandas, who thought the 80-year-old man probably had a mental disorder, called the Banyan for help. The NGO admitted him into the shelter, and has been talking to him for the last two days, trying to trace his background with police help. The man was seen near the Royapettah police station a month ago.The man told them that he used to work at City Union Bank in Kumbakonam and later as a clerk at the Madras High Court. He said he has a sister named Vasantha who lives on Third Cross Street in CIT colony . However, Banyan workers who checked the address found another family that has been living there for 60 years.\"The family said that the man had come to their house five or six times, but they don't know him,\" says Shekhar. \"We are trying to contact the bank and the court to check their employee records,\" she says. The man has a broken leg and cannot walk or perform his daily duties independently. Shekhar believes the presence of his family could give him support that could cure his mental disorder. If they are unable to find his family, they will work on rehabilitating him.The Banyan, which took over the civic body's shelter for the mentally ill in Dooming Kuppam in October, aims to rehabilitate the 17 other residents . \"It is important that they are given the confidence to re-enter society and be independent ,\" says Shekhar. The NGO plans to provide night shelter services for the homeless , provide food for around 50 homeless men, and run a medical camp for the local fishing community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907845", "title": "15-hour jam on Lucknow-Kanpur road", "text": "LUCKNOW: Commuters on the Lucknow-Kanpur highway on Sunday were left stranded for more than 15 hours as a major jam choked the traffic between Ramadevi crossing and Jajmau.The jam that began in the morning continued till late night.The traffic cops on duty made no efforts to ease the situation caused largely because of the broken roads of Ramadevi, Jajmau, Lal Bangla and Chakeri. The laxity of departments concerned with traffic control and road repair have made traffic jams a regular feature and when the roads are not jammed, accidents take place, especially in the night hours when either the street lights are not functioning or there is no power supply.On Sunday, there was a long row of trucks, buses and cars stuck up one behind the other inching towards their respective destinations. Several commuters got down from the buses and moved towards Lal Bangla on foot.Traffic in Kanpur is worsening with each passing day. Chunniganj, Govind Nagar, Gumti, Meston Road, P Road, Kalyanpur, Rawatpur, Anwarganj, Jarib Chowki are areas that remain congested for several hours without fail everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16911614", "title": "Inmate treated for mental illness, found pregnant in MP jail", "text": "INDORE: A 35-year-old under-trial woman who was housed in Madhya Pradesh's Jhabua jail and later brought to Indore district jail is found pregnant. However, it is not clear whether she became pregnant in Jhabua or Indore district jail. Director general (prisons) has ordered a probe.Talking to TOI over phone, DG Surendra Singh said, \"I have ordered an inquiry by Indore collector Akash Tripathi and told him to submit the report at the earliest.\"Anitabai (name changed) is being tried for the murder of her mother-in-law and she is lodged in Jhabua jail for the last 10 months. Around two months ago, she was shifted to Indore district jail for treatment of her mental illness. The shocking revelation surfaced when the woman was admitted to mental hospital for check up of her mental state. During the check-up, doctors found the woman carrying five-week pregnancy.However, the woman was not in a condition to talk and the doctor treating her, confirmed that she is pregnant.Talking to media, assistant professor at the psychiatry department of MGM College Dr Ujjwal Sardesai, who is treating the patient, said the woman was brought for treatment on the orders of the court. During examination, it has been found that she is having 5 weeks' pregnancy. Now, we will forward the medical report to the officials concerned.Anitabai was lodged in Jhabua jail on January 18 on charge of killing her mother-in-law. She was brought to the mental hospital around 4 days ago. On the court orders, the inmate was sent to the mental hospital after she started behaving abnormally.Sources at the mental hospital, requesting anonymity, said she is scared and her behaviour shows she has been the victim of atrocities. Talking to TOI over phone from Jhabua, deputy jail superintendent of Jhabua District Jail, R P Barsonia said the woman was shifted to Indore jail for some time. He refuted any such incident in Jhabua jail. Indore district jail superintendent Santosh Solanki said, \"We have not received the medical report as yet. Once we receive the report, we will consult the medical expert and look into it.\" State woman commission member Snehlata Upadhyay has talked to Indore and Jhabua police officials about the issue. She will be visiting the patient in the hospital on Monday, she said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16908403", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation fails to utilize 86 parking spots in 10 years", "text": "NAGPUR: Citing provisions in the city's development plan (DP), the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) had approved 33 cases of transfer of development right (TDR) acquiring land reserved for various public purposes.Despite parking being a major problem, the NMC has not taken any initiatives to utilize 86 sites reserved for the purpose in the last ten years. The one acquired for parking is being utilized as a service station for Starbuses. In what can be termed as a backward step, the NMC and NIT have reduced the reserved area at 19 sites.According to the DP data, 882 sites were reserved for various public purposes. The DP was approved by the state government in 2000 and implemented by the NMC the following year. The NMC was to acquire the reserved land by granting either TDR or compensation according to the ready reckoner value.Around 87 sites were reserved for parking considering the increasing number of vehicles and population of the city. The places reserved for parking are in areas that having no parking space like Mouza Nagpur, Sitabuldi, Gadga, Dhantoli, Sakkardara, Somalwada, Dharampeth etc. The situation on the roads and in markets would have been better if these reservation sites had acquired developing parking spaces.According to the data available with the NMC, only one site out of the 87 was acquired in the last ten years. The land acquired by issuing TDR behind Zero Mile was for parking purpose but was handed over to Starbus operator who is utilizing the land for the service station of buses.Accepting the NMC's failure to utilize the parking reservation land, a senior official told TOI that acquisition is very difficult. \"TDR is optional for the reservation affected person. The NMC may not pay the acquisition price if the affected person demands compensation instead of TDR,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909470", "title": "City lights", "text": "He Cracked ITThat most elected representatives such as MPs, MLAs and even corporators own the latest cellphones and tablets is known , even though many only know how to accept calls and click pictures on these. A former Congress (S) MLA Suryakant Palande , though , believes in walking the talk . A fornight ago , Palande appeared for the Maharashtra State Certificate in Information Technology (MS-CIT , a computer literacy course ) exam . And guess what ? He not just cleared the exam but scored 94 out of 100. For those who might ask what's the big deal , it's just that Palande is 72. At an age when most politicians are busy living a retired life or pushing their children and grandchildren into politics , Palande's zeal to learn is a refreshing and welcome change . Wish there were more such politicians around .The Bihar ConnectionA band of Mumbai's political scribes recently went on a tour of Bihar to explore Nitish Kumar's state . Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan helped the Mantralaya-Vidhi Mandal Wartahar Sangh with the nitty-gritty and the Bihar state administration , too, rolled out the red carpet for the visiting guests . Needless to add , the tour went swimmingly well. However , few from the touring team would have known the Maharashtra connection with Bihar . For instance , 'aapla' Madhu Limaye , the Socialist ideologue , and trade unionist George Fernandes , Mumbai's 'mulga' who brought Bihar closer to Maharashtra . Fernandes shifted his political base to Bihar in the 1970s. Gifted with an incisive mind and matchless mastery over the Constitution , Limaye , too, pitched his tent in Bihar , lending a helping hand to Jayaprakash Narayan when the latter flagged off the Navnirman Sangharsha to fight corruption . Narayan's crusade took Bihar , Gujarat-and later the entire nation-by storm . The rest , as they say , is history .Poet Shailendra unveiled Bihar on the silver screen with 'Teesri Kasam', which he produced with great enthusiasm . Raj Kapoor and Waheeda Rehman were billed as the lead pair . Based on Phanishwarnath 'Renu's heart-wrenching story of Hiraman , a villager and a nautch girl , 'Teesri Kasam' softly captures the rhythm of a Bihar village , its sound , smell and sound , and its soul-stirring music . 'Teesri Kasam' bombed at the box office and mounting debts, it is rumoured , broke the heart of the poet who wrote the deeply philosophical line 'Sajan re jhoot mat bolo/ Khuda ke paas jana hai' for the lyrical film .Puja SpecialDurga Puja is not merely a religious festival for the Bengalis , it is the most important cultural event around which the typical Bengali calendar moves . And for the expatriate Bengalis - the Probashis , as they are called - it is also a time of returning to the roots . Utpal Mukhopadhyaya , a former IAS officer , says of the puja , \"We aim to do all the things that we remember being done by our elders when we were young . And that too in a setting where the eternal Bengali characteristics stand out.\"Sure enough , as pandals across the city this year try to recreate the traditional feel, the Bengal Club at Shivaji Park , Dadar , has transported many to a time when the puja was still only performed by old zamindars and feudal households and was yet to become a people 's celebration . This year , the Shivaji Park puja is a recreation of the classic aristocratic Bengali family bungalow with its old 'Natyamandir ' and huge verandahs on the first floor , and an open space that seamlessly merges into a raised platform where the idol (Pratima ) is installed . Helping them put up the set was designer Avishek Redkar of the Slumdog Millionaire fame . The idol, the beautiful set and , of course , the delicious bhog were a major draw for the queuing devotees .Street SmartMost street lights on the station road at Mulund are redundant , at least up to midnight . Both ends of the road boast enough street food joints with bulbs that see hungry customers till late . On Wednesday night , one such chaat stall saw two young girls , who looked seemingly lost.They tentatively approached the chaatwallah and asked for Chinese bhel. Immediately , one of the four jeans-clad , hands-free-feature hawkers pointed them to a nearby stall . Once the girls were out of earshot , he whispered aloud , \"Sorry . Here , you will find only Indian bhel.\" That wasn't the punchline , though . It came when a colleague nudged him to indicate that he may have been loud. To this, the man said in filmy style , \"So what ? Sometimes , a wrong number leads to a right connection .\"(Contributed by Ambarish Mishra, Swati Deshpande and Sharmila Ganesan-Ram . Compiled by Rucha Biju Chitrodia. Illustrations by Mahesh Benkar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911301", "title": "Denikaina Ready to release with English subtitles", "text": "Manchu Vishnu's Denikaina Ready will be releasing with English subtitles (except AP) on October 24. To reach out to the larger audience base, particularly Telugu people in overseas, the makers have planned for such an initiative. Also, this move will enable the exhibitors and distributors to break-even quickly.On the flip side, Vishnu seems to have left no stone unturned to promote his upcoming comic-caper as the actor was seen at the City Mall on Sunday, enjoying his moves to one of the numbers of his film in a flash mob.Co-starring Hansika, Denikaina Ready is carrying a positive buzz and the film's music, composed by Chakri and Yuvan Shankar Raja, is receiving good appreciation. Directed by G. Nageshwara Reddy and produced by Vishnu under 24 Frames banner, Denikaina Ready is tipped to be the sequel to the super hit film Dhee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "16907931", "title": "MNS corporator\u2019s spouse booked for \u2018assault\u2019", "text": "KALYAN: Manpada police in Dombivli have booked Subhash Patil, husband of MNS corporator Manda Patil, two of his associates \u2014 Ramakant Patil and Sunil Madvi\u2014 and 12 unknown persons, for allegedly assaulting and stabbing three people in a dispute on Friday. The complainant, Pandurang Patil, told cops that Subhash and his associates assaulted him, his son Jay and a neighbour, Bhupendra Patil, during the dispute.Police said the accused were surveying Pandurang's land despite his opposition to it, following which the accused got into an argument and allegedly assaulted Pandurang with bamboo sticks and a sharp weapon.Jay and Bhupendra, who suffered major injuries, were rushed to hospital following the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16908481", "title": "Constable helps foil murder attempt", "text": "PUNE: A police constable attached to the Faraskhana police station on Sunday foiled the plans of three youths to allegedly commit a murder when he nabbed them after a hot chase near the Dandekar bridge area.The police seized a pistol and five sharp weapons from the youths - Kunal Pardeshi, Sohail Shaikh and Nilesh Sable, all from the Khadakmal area.The police said their investigations have revealed that the trio had hatched a plot to kill a youth who had quarreled with them during the Ganesh immersion procession on September 29.On Sunday morning, the suspects had gathered near the S P College ground where the youth was playing cricket. Just then, police constable Sunil Dhamale and a woman constable were heading towards the Faraskhana police station on a motorcycle. They said they noticed one of the youths put something that resembled a gun into his pocket.Speaking to TOI, Dhamale said, \"When I stopped my motorcycle, the three youths took off. Initially, I thought they were chain snatchers and began to chase them on my motorcycle. They first ran inside the PMC colony near Dandekar bridge. I got some people in the colony to chase them,\" he said.Dhamale said the youths then ran to a ground near Ambil Odha. \"With the help of some local residents, we managed to nab them. We found a pistol on one youth and five sharp weapons in a bag which another youth was carrying,\" he said.Dhamale contacted the police control room, following which senior inspector Vijaysinh Gaikwad of the Dattawadi police station and his men came to the ground and took the three youths into custody. They were later handed over to the Vishrambaug police for further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16908555", "title": "Prisoners climb tree in protest", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy Central prison on Sunday, witnessed a protest by four inmates who climbed a tree in the prison to object the lodging of their jail mate in a separate cell for possession of a cell phone.The four prisoners- Murali, a convict and three other remanded inmates Selvaganesh, Sakthi and Navaneethakrishnan staged the protest at around 8am on Sunday, causing embarrassment to the jail authorities. Sudalai Muthu, a murder case convict was on Friday found using a mobile phone in the prison cell. A special wing set up for raiding cells to check the possession of mobile and contraband in the prison, on Friday, seized a cell phone from Sudalai Muthu. A case was registered in the KK Nagar police station and jail authorities shifted him from the Closed Prisoners (CP) cell where he was lodged with other prisoners. He was placed in the 'six cell' to prevent him from interacting with other prisoners.This move by the prison authorities infuriated the four close-aides of Sudalai Muthu who protested by climbing a tree and demanding that the prison authorities bring him back to the CP cell. Jail superintendent Sundararajan attempted to persuade the four prisoners to descend from the tree who eventually relented. The incident lasted for nearly half-an-hour after which they were lodged back in the prison.Commenting on how a prisoner could climb a tree amidst the tight security, a prison officer told TOI, \"Usually, the prisoners are allowed to roam inside the prison premises. However, no case was registered in this case as the prisoners did not threaten to commit suicide by jumping down from the tree.\"It may be recalled that cases of smuggling of mobile phones and contrabands have been reported from Trichy Central prison for a long time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908368", "title": "Villagers help find missing boy", "text": "HYDERABAD: A five-year-old boy kidnapped from Chanchalguda on Saturday was restored to his parents on Sunday within 24 hours of his abduction, thanks to alert villagers of Kalvakurti in Mahbubnagar district.The boy, Shahid Ali Khan, was kidnapped reportedly by Jaipal, a worker at a cafe in Chanchalguda. The boy was walking to a store in the locality to buy chocolates at round 4 pm on Saturday when he was whisked away by the kidnapper to Kalvakurti by bus. On Sunday morning, Jaipal was begging for money from local villagers for further travel when his conduct raised suspicion. On questioning the boy accompanying him, they realized he was kidnapped. The villagers immediately handed over Jaipal to the Town police who later informed city police.Dabeerpura police, with whom a missing complaint was lodged by the boy's parents, received information from police control room on Sunday about the boy being traced. The parents and city police rushed to Kalvakurti where the boy was united with his family. The police are questioning Jaipal to determine the motive for the kidnapping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16909242", "title": "Youth brigades playing vital role in poll campaigns", "text": "SHIMLA: With campaign for the state assembly polls getting aggressive, the youth brigade is also chipping in with their support, to lend a helping hand to political stalwarts and star campaigners in the hills.Rendering support in campaigns through door-to door campaigning, social media sites, mails, blogs and by organizing street plays in support of their candidates are student wings of BJP, CPM and Congress - ABVP, SFI and NSUI respectively - besides the Youth Congress and other youth organisations.Supporting the Congress candidates, NSUI has organized college teams based in areas where students would campaign for the party. Youth Congress is taking charge with 91 committees in Shimla and has started a public awareness programme since October 15, sources said.ABVP state secretary Ajay Bherta said, \"Nearly five lakh students of colleges and Himachal Pradesh University (HPU) will play a vital role in these elections. We want that there should be 100% voting by the youth in the elections. We have started a 'Matdata jan jagran abhiyan' on Saturday where, apart from distributing 5 lakh pamphlets, 500 street plays will be staged to make people aware about corruption and different scams prevalent today. It is not directed against any party.\"Bherta added that ABVP teams are carrying out public awareness rallies in support of BJP candidates throughout the state.Students with leftist orientation, belonging to SFI, are also leaving no stone unturned in campaigning for the candidates of the third front, a combination of CPM and Himachal Lokhit party. Puneet Dhanta, campus president of SFI in HP University said, \"SFI has been a winner in the varsity since past 27 years. It is the youth which has made this party. It's ideology and policies were a winner in the campus in the recent MC elections. Members of SFI are working in all assembly constituencies to support candidates of third front as young students want a change at the state level, where more student-friendly policies need to be brought in.\"Apart from maintaining contact through social networking sites, SFI members are also participating in door to door canvassing for candidates. Members of the cultural wing of SFI have been performing street plays, highlighting the anti-people policies of Congress and BJP in Kasumpti and peripheral areas of Shimla, he added.District president of NSUI in Shimla, Arvind Dhiman said, \"We have nearly 10 lakh voters in the 8-19 age group in the state, besides an estimated 11 lakh in the 20-29 age group. They form a big chunk of voters. Though other age groups are also vital, this major chunk of young voters cannot be ignored. They are precursors of change and we want that each and every one should vote for a change.\"Accordingly, teams (20 students each) of college students owing affiliation to NSUI are out in the field in their respective native regions in Chopal, Rohru, Jubbal, Kotkhai, Shimla (rural and urban both) and other parts of the state to seek support for Congress candidates. \"Though we are using internet and SMS mediums, our youth power is also involved in door to door canvassing and public rallies to garner support, besides distributing manifesto documents and introductory pamphlets of the candidates,\" Dhiman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16914571", "title": "Taste of India on puja menu", "text": "RANCHI: This Durga Puja, set aside plans of gorging on phuckhas and chaats at roadside stalls. Hotel Radisson Blu is all set to tickle the taste buds of the residents of the city with the 'Dussehra Food Festival' which kicked off on Sunday. A four-day affair, this festival promises to bring together delicacies from various parts of India on a platter.While Sunday was reserved for Punjabi fare, the next three days will see delicacies from Kashmir, West Bengal and Goa, respectively. Chef Pradeep K Biswas said, \"On offer will be a wide array of dishes - Mushroom Yakhani of Kashmir, Methi Kukkad Da Tangari of Punjab, Macher Paturi of West Bengal and Mutton Vindalo of Goa. Those with a sweet tooth can dig into the desserts of every state offers during the festival.\"The newly appointed food and beverages manager of the hotel, Richard Pareira said, \"When people go pandal hopping, they look forward to eating out at the end of it. This prompted us to organize a food festival during this time so that they can come and have a nice time, explore the rich and varied cuisine of the country here. The food being offered is affordable. It comes for Rs 599 plus taxes per head and the response has been overwhelming.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16908769", "title": "Desh Raj sent to judicial custody", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) special court here on Sunday sent tainted Chandigarh cop Desh Raj Singh to 14-day judicial custody. Singh, a 2008-batch IPS officer, was produced in the CBI court, Sector 17, at 10am.During the hearing, the defence counsels expressed doubt over voice transcripts of the conversation between Singh and complainant Anokh Singh. They have appealed the court to provide them the copy of transcript, pre-trap memo and post-trap memo.\"The CBI is projecting the voice transcripts as the main evidence against Singh. But there is nothing substantial in it to prove that our client is demanding bribe from anyone. Therefore, we appeal the court to provide us the copy of transcript so that defence could also study it. Besides, its original copy is intact with CBI, so we could not damage it or make any change to it,\" said Vishal Garg Narwana, the defence counsel.He added, \"We also demand the copy of memos, both pre-trap and post-trap that were laid by CBI sleuths during their investigation. It is necessary for us to study them to find on what grounds he was accused of corruption.\" CBI special judge Vimal Kumar has fixed October 23 for the next hearing when the investigation officer of CBI would tell the court whether they would provide these documentary evidence or not.Singh, who was wearing a \"kurta\" and a blue jeans, looked calm and composed as he was brought to the court. Besides a handful of cops, some of his relatives were present during the hearing that went on for around 10 minutes.Singh had reportedly demanded a bribe of Rs 5 lakh from Anokh Singh, station house officer of Sector 26 police station, for giving a favourable report in five departmental inquiries pending against him. He had joined Chandigarh police as an assistant superintendent in October 2010 and was promoted to the rank of superintendent of police (city) in July 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16908348", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal dares PM, Sonia Gandhi to public debate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arvind Kejriwal on Sunday challenged PM Manmohan Singh, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi to a public debate and said India Against Corruption would respond to questions raised by party general secretary Digvijay Singh only after the leadership came clean on charges against Robert Vadra and corruption.This came in response to Digvijay Singh's questions to Kejriwal on funding of his NGO and other issues.Earlier in the day, India Against Corruption (IAC) activists clashed with police who used water canons to disperse them while they trying to barge into Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda's residence in Delhi.Condemning the police action, Kejriwal said his supporters from Haryana were on a peaceful demonstration to protest against the efforts to save Vadra, who they alleged was aided by Hooda in favouring realty major DLF.\"We had put some questions to Robert Vadra and the PM. Let them answer first. Then, we will answer all questions from Digvijay Singh. I request Singh to encourage Mrs Gandhi, PM or Rahul Gandhi to come for a public debate. Let's question each other and let public question us on personal and public issues. Is Digvijay Singh ready? If he cannot convince his party bosses or the PM, then people would think he is doing all this for cheap publicity and to divert attention,\" Kejriwal said.When asked about Singh's remarks that there was evidence against the kin of BJP leaders A B Vajpayee and L K Advani of alleged corruption but Congress would never use it to embarrass them, Kejriwal said his group has been talking about each party protecting the other's interest.\"They are not bringing these issues out not on moral grounds but on corrupt grounds. I congratulate Singh for confessing this. He has evidence of corruption (against senior BJP leaders' kin)... BJP has evidence against Vadra and Singh. But both have an understanding,\" he said.Meanwhile, protesters, most of them from the Haryana wing of IAC, claimed that scores of activists were injured in the police action.The protesters breached the barricade and marched towards Hooda's residence when they were stopped by police. However, the activists insisted on marching ahead and they reached close to the residence.Kejriwal got three-four protesters who were injured in the police action from Ram Manohar Lohia hospital to address a press conference in his office in Kaushambi along with him.He made the injured activists show the wounds they sustained in the action. \"Congress and the government are now trying to save Vadra. The chief minister has transferred the officer who ordered a probe into the incident. They are telling us corruption will go on and we will have to suffer. Our supporters had gone there to seek some answers from Hooda. But they were lathicharged,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16912784", "title": "Central funds are not reaching out to labourers", "text": "HUBLI: The labour unit of the Karnataka state Pradesh Congress Committee came down heavily on the BJP-led state government alleging that the state has failed to implement all the schemes introduced by the Centre for labour welfare.Speaking to reporters here on Sunday, KPCC labour cell state president SS Prakasham said that unorganized labourers are facing a lot of problems while the government is turning a blind eye to them and not passing on the benefits of the Central schemes.Central funds are lying idle in the treasury of the state government, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913578", "title": "Protest against derogatory reference to Radha in 'SOTY'", "text": "A right wing organisation held demonstrations outside a city multiplex to protest labelling Radha allegedly as 'sexy' in a song from Karan Johar directed film 'Student Of The Year'.Hindu Janajagruti Samiti (HJS) while protesting yesterday demanded that the Censor Board should ban the movie for derogatory reference against Radha in one of its song.The song terms Radha as sexy , which is an insult to the sentiments of Hindus who worship Lord Krishna, HJS claimed.Meanwhile, more than 150 volunteers of HJS also condemned Akshay Kumar starrer Oh My God movie and another flick Shudra-The Rising , which according to them hurt religious sentiments.The HJS demanded that Akshay Kumar should not be called to inaugurate International Film Festival of India this year, beginning from November 20 in Panaji .The organisation has threatened to stage a protest at the film festival venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16908059", "title": "Sweeney death referred for CBI probe; victim's sisters maintain she was murdered", "text": "MAPUSA: The case of UK national Denyse Sweeney, who collapsed and died at a night club at Anjuna in April 2010, has been referred to the CBI.The home department (general division) via notification has given consent to the Delhi Special Police Establishment to investigate the death case.'In pursuance of the provisions of Section 6 of the Delhi Special Police Establishment Act, 1946(25 of 1946), the Government of Goa is pleased to accord consent to the extension of powers and jurisdiction of the members of the Delhi special police establishment to the whole of the state of Goa for the investigation of the death of the British national, Denyse Carole Sweeney,' stated the notification issued by Neetal Amonkar, under secretary (Home) .Denyse, a tourist, had collapsed in a nightclub at Anjuna on April 16, 2010, and died on the same day at a private hospital where she was admitted.\"The viscera was sent to the laboratory almost 20 months after the death, when ideally it should be sent within six weeks,\" police sources said.Goa police says it had tried to get the viscera examined as early as possible, but could not get 'appointment' from various forensic science laboratories.Even though the police had ruled out any foul play and had registered it as a case of drug overdose, the case was recently reopened because of doubts raised by Denyse's sisters Maureen and Marion, who claimed their sister was murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16908484", "title": "Maoists abduct four persons, including a woman", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Maoists kidnapped four persons, including a woman, from Onukudeli area near the Andhra-Odisha border in the late hours of Saturday. While the woman was released on Sunday evening, the three others continued to be held captive by the rebels.The Maoists said the four persons were kidnapped for extorting money from poor tribals and informing the police about their movements in the Agency area.Among those picked up by the rebels were B V Ramprasad and Janaki Routh from Onukudeli area and Lakshman Pangi and Daya Challan from Bada Durai and Channa Durai villages neighbouring Onukudeli.They claimed that Ramprasad, a suspended employee of Machkund hydroelectric power project, is a police informer and Janaki was dealing in illicit liquor trade.The rebels said both Lakshman Pangi and Daya, who were Maoist sympathisers in the past, were collecting money from innocent tribals in their name.\"All the four were warned earlier, but they did not heed our warning. That is why we kidnapped them,\" the Maoists said in a press release. While Janaki being a womanwas released, the others were still kept in captivity.In another note signed by Chandramouli of AOB zonal committee, a warning was issued to Gopi Sami Reddy alias Jugal and his son Gopi Sandesh alias Suryam.Both father and son were former Maoists and Sandesh had recently surrendered. In the letter, they claimed that both the father and son duo were causing harm to their movement by disclosing vital information on their cadres and landmines to the police.They alleged that because of their disclosure four of their comrades were killed in encounters and a number of planted landmines were discovered by the police team. They warned the duo of serious consequences if they did not mend their ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908434", "title": "Property tax likely to be doubled", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residential property owners may have to shell out more tax, what with the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) planning to double the tax. On the other hand, property tax of commercial properties in L B Nagar, Uppal, Malkajgiri and Qutubullapur municipal circles may be reduced by 15-20%, according to the authorities.The area under GHMC has been divided into 115 zones and 344 sub-zones based on abutting main roads, internal roads, lanes and bylanes.According to sources, the GHMC tax wing suggested hiking minimum property tax to 80 paise per square feet (sft) from the existing 40 paise and the maximum tax at Rs 3.75 per sft from the existing Rs 1.25. Slums and areas with poor infrastructure would be levied a minimum rate, while property owners in upmarket areas like Banjara Hills and Jubilee Hills would have to pay Rs 3.75 per sft. However, about 80% areas would be in the Rs 2 to Rs 2.25 per sft category.The exercise of revising property tax in July is based on the Annual Rental Value (ARV) of the residential plots after the division of the area into zones and sub-zones as the value of the building or land is based on location, type of construction, plinth area, age of the building and nature of usage. It also depends on civic amenities like water supply network, roads, street lighting, factors like educational and medical institutes, markets, shopping complexes, parks and playgrounds, banks, public offices, factories and industrial areas and other development activities.Deputy municipal commissioners of respective circles have prepared the proposals by dividing areas into territorial zones and sub-zones and fixed ARVs. \"Twenty per cent properties were surveyed before fixing the ARV,\" a tax wing official said. \"A committee has been formed at the GHMC headquarters. It will go through ARVs of properties and proposed rates. Once the committee gives its clearance, a draft notification will be issued declaring the proposed rates. Then, the GHMC will seek objections and suggestions from citizens by giving 15 days time,\" a senior GHMC official said.On the other hand, taxes on commercial buildings might reduce by 20% as there were allegations that property tax was increased abnormally during revision in 2007. Commercial property owners alleged that tax rates in some erstwhile municipal circles were on a par with the upmarket and busy commercial areas like Abids and Ameerpet. GHMC officials admit that there were mistakes in demarcating zones to fix tax rates and these were being rectified now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chittoor(ap)", "code": "16913368", "title": "Chennai-bound Kaveri Express train derails in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "CHITTOOR(AP): Three bogies of the Chennai-Bound Kaveri Express train derailed while its engine was damaged when boulders fell on the track near Kuppam in the district early on Monday.One person was injured in the incident, AP Government Railway Police said.The derailment occurred at around 2.30am near Mallunuru railway station, a GRP inspector said, adding due to rainfall in the area some boulders from the nearby hills fell on the tracks while the Mysore-Chennai (KaveriExpress) train was passing.Three bogies, including one AC coach of the train, went off the track while its engine also got damaged when the boulders fell on it, he said.\"One person sustained minor injuries in the incident. Train services on the route got affected as boulders were still being cleared and track restoration work was under progress,\" the GRP inspector added.Alternate arrangements were being made to enable the passengers to reach their destination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "16912973", "title": "Berhampur gets cold storage for flowers", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Floriculture in southern Odisha is expected to get a boost with the opening of a flower market and training centre, the first of its kind in the state, here. It was inaugurated by chief minister Naveen Patnaik.The centre has facilities like cold storage, packing, a resting room for flower growers and a conference hall for them.The Rs 2.55 crore centre sprawls upon an acre and was jointly set up by the agriculture department and regional marketing cooperative society (RMCS), Digaphandi.While Rs 1.62 crore was spent under Rastriya Krushi Vikash Yojana (RKVY), the rest Rs 93 lakh was borne by the RMCS, official sources said. \"It will facilitate flower growers in marketing their products,\" said MLA (Gopalpur) Pradeep Panigrahi, who accompanied Naveen.The growers will bring in their flowers and sell them through e-auction, a facility which will available at the centre soon.A vehicle with cooling facilities will fetch flowers from farmers' doorstep, said RMCS secretary Pramod Panda.While the RMCS officials will manage the centre, Ganjam District Flower Growers' Association will collect and market the flowers, he said. In Ganjam district, flowers are grown in more than 400 hectares involving around 500 farmers, sources said. \"The centre will not only cater to the needs of flower-growers in Ganjam district but also to the entire state, particularly southern Odisha,\" said general secretary of the association Sridhar Burma.Farmers in Ganjam and its neighbouring districts grown flowers like tuberose, marigold, rose, jasmine and others, he said.They will be encouraged to cultivate other varieties depending on the demand, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16908199", "title": "Fake tariff cards: Over 100 drivers booked", "text": "MUMBAI: Officials of the regional transport office (RTO) on Sunday carried out a special drive against autorickshaw and taxi drivers for refusing fare and not keeping the original tariff card.A transport department official said, \"Flying squads of the RTOs at Tardeo, Andheri and Wadala have taken action against more than 100 autorickshaws/ taxis, plying on the road without original tariff cards, under various provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act.\"The RTO has issued 79,500 tariff cards as against 56,000 autorickshaws. It has also issued 10,200 cards as against 8,900 taxis. The official said, \"A fine of Rs 10,700 was collected besides suspending the driving licence of a taxi driver and 8 rickshaw drivers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16911922", "title": "Take pride in Hindi: CM", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan told a group of school students to take pride in Hindi. Chouhan was addressing the golden jubilee function of Mahatma Gandhi Government Higher Secondary School at Barkhera in BHEL on Sunday. Urban administration and development minister Babulal Gaur was specially present on the occasion.The chief minister said students of government schools should not underestimate themselves. There are several precedents of people attaining major achievements after passing out from government schools. He said that Hindi university has been established in the state where teaching of medical and engineering courses will be imparted through Hindi medium.He congratulated the school on completing 50 years and announced that its entry gate and boundary wall will be constructed.Gaur said a college would be opened in the area with the cooperation of the BHEL. General manager BHEL Suresh Gupta was also present.The chief minister also felicitated former teachers and talented pass outs of the school. School principal Pushpa Sharma read out the annual report.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16907462", "title": "Haryana government avoids \u2018Vadra\u2019, \u2018DLF\u2019 names in probe order", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the Haryana government formed a three-member committee to probe into the charges levelled by whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka against Robert Vadra-DLF land deal in Gurgaon, the state government has shied away from naming either 'Vadra' or 'DLF' in the order.According to the government order, additional chief secretaries Krishna Mohan and K K Jalan, and principal secretary Rajan Kumar Gupta, will conduct an inquiry into the issues raised by Khemka in his two orders of October 12 and 15. The panel has been asked to submit its report within one month.While talking about Khemka's two orders, the government is silent on the contents of the two directives. Khemka, in his orders, had specifically mentioned the Vadra-DLF land deal and cancelled the mutation (No. 4513) of the deed. He had also questioned the sale of land during the pendency of consolidation proceedings without the sanction of the consolidation officer.However, the government order announcing the setting up of the probe committee just gave the numbers of the two Khemka orders and instructed the panel to conduct an inquiry into it without naming 'Vadra' and 'DLF'.The government has also quoted a letter from Gurgaon deputy commissioner, justifying the land deal. Soon after Khemka initiated a probe into the deal, he was shunted out of land consolidation department to Haryana Seed Development Corporation. The state government had also warned that if Khemka was proved to have misrepresented facts in his orders he would also face action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908488", "title": "Film director gets threat calls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Director N Shankar of 'Jai Bolo Telangana' fame has approached police claiming that he was receiving threat calls and SMSs from people declaring themselves to be fans of actor Pawan Kalyan. The director began getting the threat calls shortly after he appealed to the government to ban the screening of the actor's latest release 'Cameraman Ganga Tho Rambabu' for its allegedly anti-Telangana dialogues.Shankar approached Banjara Hills police late on Saturday with the complaint that he had received several phone calls and SMSs from people claiming to be Pawan's fans. Based on the complaint, police have booked a case under sections 506 (criminal intimidation), 507 (criminal intimidation by anonymous communication) of the Indian Penal Code and section 66 of the IT Act on Sunday and increased patrolling at the director's residence in Srinagar Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16907804", "title": "Indian Navy officer kills self to \u2018feel death\u2019", "text": "KOCHI: An officer was found dead with a bullet injury to his head at INS Dronacharya, the Navy's arms training base, at Fort Kochi here on Sunday morning.The Navy identified the deceased as sub-lieutenant Arun Kumar (27), a member of the Quick Reaction Team. He was a resident of Balaji Nagar Main Road at Peringalathur in Chennai.After preliminary investigation, authorities said the officer had used his service pistol to commit suicide. Police said a suicide note was found at the scene. \"I want to feel death. No one is responsible,\" a police officer quoted from the note.\"The officer has expired of a self-inflicted bullet injury,\" the Navy said, adding that an inquiry was on into the incident.Kumar, a bachelor, was on duty at the time of incident. \"Around 10.20am, the guards heard a gun going off in the rest room near the entrance of INS Dronacharya. They rushed in, and found Kumar sitting in a chair with blood oozing out of his head and mouth. They immediately shifted him to the medical unit on the premises, but he was pronounced dead,\" police said.The deceased had started his shift at 8am. A police team led by Fort Kochi circle inspector N R Jayaraj inspected the scene and registered a case of unnatural death. \"Forensic and fingerprint experts have collected evidence from the scene. Ballistic experts will visit the spot on Monday. The pistol was recovered and it will be forwarded for detailed forensic analysis,\" the circle inspector said.Kumar's body was shifted to the Government Medical College at Alappuzha for a post-mortem examination, which would be conducted on Monday. His relatives were expected to reach here on Monday.The deceased had joined the Navy in 2003 as a sailor. He was commissioned as an officer in 2012. Incidentally, a Real Admiral, Satyendra Singh Jamwal, had died of bullet injuries in INS Dronacharya's small arms firing range on July 7, 2010. Though the police suspected it was a suicide, the Navy said he had died in a case of accidental firing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16911465", "title": "Terror suspect Fasih Mohammad arrested at Delhi airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hours after Delhi Police put the suspected Indian Mujahideen terrorist Fasih Mohammed under arrest following his deportation, India on Monday said that he was a very important catch and Saudi Arabia had fully cooperated with New Delhi in this case.Reacting over deportation, home secretary R K Singh said Fasih Mohammed was deported by Saudi Arabia only after the accused served sentence there for some minor crime. His deportation was an excellent example of cooperation from Saudi Arabia, he added.Singh, however, did not elaborate on the kind of crime Fasih might have committed there.Home secretary said Saudi Arabia had never denied deporting the suspected Indian Mujahideen terrorist who acted as a facilitator for the terror outfit cadres who were arrested by Delhi Police late last year in connection with attacks in Delhi and Bangalore. Saudi Arabia had only asked for some time for processing the Indian request of deporting him, said Singh.Elaborating on his role a bit, the home secretary said Fasih used to involve in providing shelter to other Indian Mujahideen cadres and acting as a communicator for the group using different channels.Fasih, after being in detention for five months in Saudi Arabia, was taken into custody from Delhi airport on his arrival from the Gulf country.India had sought deportation of Fasih from Saudi Arabia and also got an Interpol Red Corner notice issued against him.Bihar-born Fasih, an engineer by profession, is alleged to have been involved in the Chinnaswamy Stadium blast in Bangalore and the shooting near Jama Masjid (Delhi), both in 2010, and is wanted by Delhi and Karnataka police.Fasih's name cropped up during the interrogation of suspected IM terrorists arrested during the last nine months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913586", "title": "Surprise birthday bash for Sunny Deol", "text": "The cast and crew of Yamla Pagla Deewana 2 swings into celebration mode on the sets when Karan Deol gave his father Sunny Deol a surprise with a beautiful Birthday Cake.Sunny who is shooting for this upcoming Bollywood flick in UK, was completely taken by surprise when Karan organized a birthday bash for his dad on October 19. Along with the cast and crew of the film, Dharamendra was also present and joined in the celebration with lots of fun and frolic. While everybody sang birthday song for him, Bobby smeared cake on birthday boy's face. His crew members captured the funny moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16913220", "title": "Chennai Corporation begins filling potholes formed during rains", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai Corporation began filling potholes formed on arterial roads in the older limits of the city over the last four days on Monday.Acknowledging the fact, that roads are bound to get damaged during the North east monsoon, despite having drains, the civic body had ordered shellmac or wet mix worth Rs 2.19 crore and had ordered the asphalt manufacturing plant at Chetpet to start producing hot mix.On Monday, civic body officials began covering potholes on Kamaraj Salai, Dr Radhakrishnan Salai, CP Ramaswamy Road and Mandaiveli among others using the wet mix, which has been bought from a Bangalore-based firm. \" It is a ready made mix that can be laid during the rains. It has just arrived from Bangalore, and today has luckily been sunny,\" said corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan during an earlier interaction.If the rains give the city a two-day break, the civic body will also start laying hot mix which is more economical because it is produced by the civic body itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908435", "title": "Unique schooling model in Hyderabad soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Come New Year and the city will get a taste of a unique preschool programme popular the world over. Introducing the new concept of age-appropriate education, which focuses on holding the attention of children using characters from popular television programmes, Sesame Street Pre-schools will start 13 branches in Hyderabad of which the first three will be set up in Chanda Nagar and Kondapur. The schools are expected to cater to children in the age group of two-to-five years.The educational programme will be based on the key focus areas of, among others, cognition and linguistic, social, emotional, physical and cultural diversity, in line with India's national curriculum framework. The project is being launched as part of Sesame Schoolhouse, a venture by Sesame Workshop, one of the largest global non-profit educational organisations which produces the popular TV series 'Sesame Street'. The focus of the programme will be to centre teaching and learning around the needs of children.The programme is expected to create a learning environment based on the young imaginations of children. Sources said that several play projects, which help ease schoolroom tension, will be the backbone of the programme. The Sesame Street Preschool Centres will also be offering an afterschool programme which helps children within the age group six-to-eight years to have a firm grounding in science and math concepts. Officials of Sesame Schoolhouse said that the type of schooling offered by them will help children develop a global outlook.\"We are ushering in a new generation of global citizens with the confidence, skills and cultural awareness they'll need to thrive and become global citizens and tomorrow's workforce. That means nurturing children with lessons about growing happy and healthy,\" said Sashwati Banerjee, director, Sesame Schoolhouse. The preschool programme is based on 40 years of research and understanding on how children learn best. Sesame Street Preschools are already running in cities like Jaipur, Meerut and Kanpur.It was learnt that city-based educationist Murtaza H Fida Ali from Modern Education society, who has headed the board of several schools in the country, will be in charge of the growth and establishment of Sesame Schoolhouse. According to sources, the Sesame Street methodology is expected to cater to a large number of young families in the city within an age group of an average 25 to 40 years. With an increase in the floating population surrounding Hi-Tec city, officials of Sesame Street Preschool centres said that they have much to offer to the educational scene in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909191", "title": "2 firms given pest control contracts", "text": "NASHIK: According to a decision made at the civic standing committee meeting on Saturday, two companies have been given the pest control contract for 2012-13.While Nation Techno Pest Control will operate in doing the pest control for Panchavati, New Nashik (CIDCO) and Satpur, S and R Pest Control will be doing the pest control for East, West and Nashik Road divisions.The contract has been estimated at Rs 2, 55, 13000, but this amount reportedly includes only staff payment of the staff, while the cost of pesticides and fuel will be borne by the NMC. Health Officer Dr S G Hiray said that his department was carrying out the spraying activities regularly to which the corporators objected saying it was not so.Corporator Suvarna Matale said that spraying was not done anywhere in the city and demanded to know the places where it was being done. Corporator Ajay Boraste said that spraying should be done in the areas which were prone to mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16908752", "title": "BP monitoring crucial in dengue", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The demise of 80-year-old legendary Bollywood filmmaker Yash Raj Chopra on Sunday night due to dengue has once again highlighted the necessity of being cautious as the virus can be deadly. Already four deaths have been reported from Tricity this season and the toll of deadly dengue virus has crossed over 100, surpassing all numbers in the past two years.According to Dr S C Verma, head of the internal medicine in PGI, death due to dengue is quite rare and is in less than 1% of the patients. Though there is still no exact cause known for dengue shock resulting in leakage of blood vessels, the elderly and small children are at greater risk, he adds.\"Dengue can cause death due to multi organ failure, which is sequential occurrence of a significant derangement of function in two or more organ systems of the body against a background of a critical illness. Here a capillary leak allows the blood to go outside the vessels, and consequently the blood pressure lowers on the sixth or seventh day of dengue,\" said Dr Verma. So in children and elderly who have contracted dengue, monitoring of blood pressure becomes crucial for the doctors.Until this month, 165 dengue cases have been reported from the city. Last year, the first dengue case of the season was reported on September 25. In 2010, there were 87 cases and the figures dropped to 64 next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16912957", "title": "Thousands miss trains due to Durga Puja rush", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The puja rush was palpable at Bhubaneswar railway station on Sunday with at least 6,000 people having to return from the station between 5.30 am and 11.30 am without being able to board their trains, said sources.Several trains were choc-a-block with puja passengers, while many missed their trains even as sources in East Coast Railway (ECoR) said trains have been increased with at least 2,676 additional coaches to meet the rush.Even many who had their berths reserved couldn't make it to their coaches. Naresh Patnaik, a passenger, who was to go to Sambalpur in the Intercity Express, missed the train as he could not make it to platform no. 2 on time due to the rush. \"General compartments were packed like sardines,\" he said.There were only a few railway cops to maintain order. Anil Subuddhi, who was trying to get into the general compartment in Nilachal Express, lost his bag in the melee. \"I had a wait-listed ticket. When I checked with the TTE for a berth, the general compartment was overflowing. I was trying to get into a coach in a hurry and lost my bag. I missed the train too,\" narrated Subuddhi, who was planning to be home during the puja vacation.ECoR chief public relations officer R N Mohapatra attributed the rush to unplanned journey by passengers. He said around 30 special trains are being run by South-Eastern Railway, Eastern Railway and ECoR to meet the rush. At least 75,000 additional berths have been created. ECoR is running special trains to New Delhi, Kolkata, Quilon, Nanded, Chennai, Sai Nagar Shirdi, Asansol and Hyderabad, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911471", "title": "Trisha plays a Keralite", "text": "Trisha was seen as a Malayali Christian girl in Gautham Menon's Vinnaithandi Varuvaaya ( VTV ), in which she played the female lead opposite Simbu. In fact, her character in the film, Jessie became quite a hit among the audiences.In her next film Boologam , opposite Jayam Ravi, Trisha is again playing a Malayali girl who comes to Chennai for her studies. Her character in the movie is said to be crucial to the movie's plot.Her character will speak Tamil with a dash of Malayalam and even her costumes would mirror a typical girl from Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16911972", "title": "\u201830-40% people still consume non-iodized salt\u2019", "text": "INDORE: Even when the world marked Global Iodine Deficiency Disorders Prevention Day on Sunday, 30-40% of the state's population still consumes non-iodized salt or salt containing less than 15 PPM of iodine, if one goes by health experts. Fifteen PPM is the minimum recommended level by the state government.Dr Sanjay Dixit, a member of state core committee on National Iodine Deficiency Disorder Control Programme said, \"Unicef has carried out a survey a couple of years ago, which found that nearly 30-40% state's population is still not using iodized salt. It is due to lack of awareness and cheap form of salt sold by traders. Deficiency of iodine affects IQ and irreversible loss to brain.\" \"Every child till the age of five years and pregnant woman should consume only iodized salt,\" he said.Dr Dixit said the state government is trying to raise awareness about iodized salt through Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS).However, a lot still needs to be done. \"Most of the retailers sell cheap salt to make profit. It is advised to buy packaged salt that has rising sun logo on it,\" said Dr Dixit.According to a recent study published by National Science Monitor, nearly 35% of traders in districts including Bastar, Indore, Shahdol, Sehore, Dhar, Vidisha and Morena were found selling salt containing below the minimum level of iodine as recommended by the state government. The study found that 20 tribal districts, including five from Indore division itself, have high prevalence of iodine related disorders.Meanwhile, the health department too admits that problem is prevalent in tribal districts like Alirajpur, Jhabua and Dhar where despite several campaigns, people buy salt available at low cost. Dr Sharad Pandit, joint director (health) said, \"People lack awareness about the importance of iodine requirement. Though we conduct campaigns and field workers insist buying iodized salt, a number of people continue to buy cheap quality salt.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16914669", "title": "Govt fails to ensure adequate iodized salt consumption", "text": "RANCHI: The efforts of the state health department to increase consumption of iodized salt has failed to show the desired results. A survey conducted by the department in September shows that only 61% of people consume iodized salt in the state. According to the national policy, 100% iodized salt should be consumed in all households by 2015.Global Iodine Deficiency Disorder Prevention Day is observed every year on October 21 and efforts are made to make people aware of the benefits of iodized salt. A number of functions were organized across the state on Sunday to mark the day.Dhaneshwar Baraik, the nodal officer, said: \"We are trying our best to achieve 100% consumption rate among the people here. Towards this end, we provide iodized salt at subsidized rate to all below poverty line families. We will try to reach the expected level,\" said Baraik.According to the Unicef data only 10% people consume packaged salt by the big brand companies. The remaining 90% depend on the salt brought by the wholesalers from Rajasthan and Gujarat. \"One of the reasons for less consumption is the salt brought by wholesalers, some of which are non-iodized -- especially the salt brought from Rajasthan. Some of them are brought in trains but some are transported to the state in trucks. Hence, a proper check is needed at the entry point. As per rules of the Food Safety and Standards Act 2006, there is a ban on the sale of non-iodized salt for human consumption,\" said the state head, Unicef, Job Zachariah.Baraik said \"It was found that the salt brought from Gujarat has 5% less iodine and the salt brought from Rajasthan consists 25% less iodine. Apart from these, some of the branded packaged salt also consists less iodine. An effective check is needed on these packaged salts been brought into the state either by the branded or the wholesalers. Recently the state food laboratory has been reopened where the packaged salt can be tested for iodine or the lack of it.\"Zachariah said \"Iodine deficiency leads to death of children, goiter, speech defects, deafness, abortion &amp; birth defects. At times this deficiency causes mental retardation and brain damage. It can cause loss of 13 IQ points. Iodine deficiency among children is one of the causes for poor learning and grade repetition. Global studies have found that iodine deficiency was one of the reasons for school dropouts.\"\"A human being needs 1 teaspoon of iodine during his entire life which will only cost Rs 70. A human needs only 100-150 micrograms of iodine daily which is equivalent to the size of a point or a dot,\" Zachariah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16914522", "title": "Man held for 'torching' divorced wife", "text": "VARANASI: After a high drama in Nirala Nagar Colony, one Mithilesh Rai was arrested by Sigra police for allegedly trying to set his divorced wife on fire on Sunday.Mithilesh was married to Kusum Rai of Howrah in 1991. They had a daughter. In 2004, Mithilesh divorced Kusum. He owned a house in Buxar district in Bihar , which was possessed by the family members of Kusum. A few months back, Mithilesh's father sold the house after which its buyer removed Kusum's relatives.On Sunday, Kusum and her family members reached Nirala Nagar residence of Mithilesh and demanded her share in the house. It led to a high drama for hours. After some time, Kusum lodged a complaint against Mithilesh, alleging that he tried to torch her. The police nabbed Mithilesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913663", "title": "Sonia mourns Yash Chopra's demise", "text": "Congress President Sonia Gandhi has deeply mourned the demise of legendary film-maker Yash Chopra, saying it was a national loss.\"The demise of Yash Chopra is not only a loss for the film industry but is also a national loss,\" Gandhi said, according to an AICC release.\"The Congress President has deeply mourned the death of the legendary film-maker Yash Chopra,\" it said.Chopra, who was known as Hindi cinema's king of romance and also made some memorable action films like Deewar , died in Mumbai yesterday following dengue infection and multiple organ failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16907411", "title": "Roll back power tariff hike: Industry bodies", "text": "NOIDA: Industries and commercial establishments of Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad have vehemently opposed the new power tariffs in UP and demanded a rollback of the hike. Various associations of industries and traders in the three UP-NCR cities have termed the hike as 'steep' and that it would increase overhead costs and result in losses.The Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission ( UPERC) hiked power tariffs for industrial and commercial sectors last week with retrospective effect from October 1, even as domestic consumers were left untouched. Residents' Welfare Associations in the cities, however, anticipate the fear of greater inflationary pressures as a collateral effect resulting from increase in costs of production.\"Overhead costs are bound to go up due to the hike. The burden will ultimately be pushed on consumers of manufacturing and retail goods,\" said SM Singh, president of Federation of Sector 62 RWAs in Noida.Ghaziabad and Greater Noida chapters of the Indian Industries Association (IIA), fearing losing out on the competitive edge with their counterparts in other states due to increased power costs, have threatened to join the strike called by a Lucknow-based body. \"Those in the small and medium categories will be badly hit from the hike because power forms a major component of their inputs,\" said Neeraj Singhal, chairman of IIA-Ghaziabad.The UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhokta Parishad (UPRVUP) has demanded that the government go in for a programme to recover pending dues instead of hiking tariffs. \"Dues pending from government departments alone are over Rs 8,000 crore. These should be recovered first,\" said chairman of the forum, Avadesh Kumar Verma.Commercial establishments in UP-NCR have demanded of UPPCL to restructure its distribution system to minimize thefts and losses rather than increasing tariffs. \"If theft and transmission losses are controlled, the hike would not be needed,\" said Sushil Jain, president of Sector 18 Market Association of Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16907994", "title": "Sao Jose de Areal, Camurlim locals say no to mega projects", "text": "MARGAO: The issue of mega construction projects largely dominated the proceedings of the gram sabha of the Sao Jose de Areal village panchayat on Sunday.What's significant is that the gram sabha endorsed the decision taken by the panchayat body that no approvals would be given to any proposal of a mega construction project by the panchayat. Villagers decried the enormous pressure exerted by these projects on the rural infrastructure of the village to the detriment of the locals. In another resolution, the gram sabha members decided to empower the panchayat to go by the VP3 status of the village as decided by the village-level committee on RP 2021, pending the finalization of the plan by the state government.Voicing concern over the large number of stone quarries and crushers in the comunidade land in the village, the gram sabha adopted a resolution demanding that the panchayat write to the comundidade of Curtorim (which is the owner of the land) to ensure that the land where hill-cutting was carried out to facilitate the operations of such units be restored.Meanwhile, the issue of a mega construction project coming up at Uzro, Camurlim, generated heat at the gram sabha of the Camurlim village panchayat on Sunday. The gram sabha decided that the decision whether or not to approve the project by the panchayat be kept on hold until all issues are addressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16907932", "title": "Testing times for agro univ V-Cs", "text": "What appeared to be a regular review meeting by Governor K Sankaranarayanan and chief minister Prithviraj Chavan turned out to be a major question-answer session for vice-chancellors of agriculture and animal sciences universities. Held to take stock of the status of research in the agriculture sector and progress of the laboratory to land programme, the V-Cs were left speechless with Chavan firing one question after another. The first thing Chavan wanted to know was how many new varieties of seeds were developed by the agro universities and whether they have been registered under the Plant Varieties Act. While the V-Cs were discussing among themselves the possible reply, Chavan asked them about the ranking of the varsities at the all-India level. He also asked whether they were aware of the H-index of their university and its scientist. While the V-Cs were shifting nervously in their chairs, Chavan explained to them how H-index (named after physicist Hirsch) is used worldwide to measure the productivity and impact of published work. Later, the CM asked the V-Cs to get their universities benchmarked against the best varsities in the country in a scientific manner. After Chavan concluded his remarks, the V-Cs breathed a collective sigh of relief. Alas, it was shortlived. The governor then observed that recommendations made by the agriculture varsities have no relevance and that it's high time they bring in new technologies for the welfare of farmers. The crucial observations of both the governor and Chavan highlights the fact that while the state government has spent well over Rs 10,000 crore on the establishment and salaries of agriculture universities, their performance is indeed dismal. Maharashtra would not have seen the largest number of farmer suicides had it been otherwise.A peon-less culture?At the same meeting, rural development, finance and planning minister Jayant Patil took strong objection to the frequent demand of V-Cs for sanction of appointment of clerks and peons. Citing the example of the work culture in foreign universities, Patil explained how even high-ranking professors abroad do the entire work on their own and never seek the services of either a peon or clerk. The V-Cs and professors themselves serve coffee or tea their guests, he emphasized. All those present at the meeting appreciated Patil's concept of a clerk and peon-less administration. But the moot question is that if such a thing is at all possible in India, particularly in a state like Maharashtra. CM Prithviraj Chavan's office has 164 peons, while in the office of the deputy CM (now defunct after the resignation of Ajit Pawar), there were 65 employees. In Jayant Patil's office, there are 18 employees, including four peons, three clerks, officer on special duty and a private secretary. The staff strength in the office of a cabinet member is more or less similar. Even for bureaucrats of the rank of principal secretary and above, there are a minimum of seven to eight persons assisting him, of which three are peons and two are clerks.Pvt equationsThe decision of senior bureaucrat Subrat Ratho to join a private enterprise engaged in power production has raised several eyebrows. Colleagues of Ratho feel that it was unethical on his part to join a power company, but he has justified the move, saying there was no conflict of interest. A low-profile bureaucrat, Ratho has been the chief executive officer of the Maharashtra state power generation corporation Ratho' s colleagues were shocked as to how CM Prithviraj Chavan has granted him the permission to join the power firm, particularly when in the past, similar applications seeking permission to join the private sector, were either rejected or kept on hold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907371", "title": "Govt stuck in red tape as mafia usurps land", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking advantage of slackness on the part of the government agencies, land sharks have encroached upon nearly 1.5 acres of government land near Gadhwal Colony in Mehrauli. People have been complaining about it; but instead of taking immediate action to reclaim the land, the South Delhi Municipal Corporation, Delhi Development Authority and Delhi Police are caught in red tape.While the Delhi government has decided to construct a community centre on this land, the mafia has constructed a boundary wall and started plotting of the land. Almost a year after Mehrauli Van Bachao Samiti\u2014a group of locals who are fighting against encroachment\u2014filed a complaint in this regard, the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) took action to remove encroachment in March 2012. \"The civic agency demolished the boundary wall, but didn't clear the area. Within weeks, the builder constructed the boundary wall. He has started plotting of the land,\" said Ajay Singh, president of Mehrauli Van Bachao Samiti.The land in question is part of the 37 acres of land that was transferred from DDA to the erstwhile MCD in 1987. DDA officials claim that Gadhwal Colony, an unauthorized colony, came up after the land was transferred to MCD. \"We have told South corporation to take action, but they have done nothing,\" said a DDA official.Following complaints from Mehrauli Van Bachao Samiti, the South corporation held a meeting with DDA officials in July this to start the paper work to transfer this land back to DDA so that a community centre can be constructed here.\"This is government land. As South corporation can't develop this land, I have directed DDA to take over the land. I have also directed the area SHO to ensure that there is no encroachment,\" said Yoganand Shastri, Delhi Assembly speaker and MLA from Mehrauli. He had held a meeting on October 17 to discuss the issue. Sources say that a meeting in this regard was also held in the Union urban development ministry in September.Residents of Gadhwal Colony say there is no civic facility like parking, school and community centre available in the area. The nearest community centre is in Chhattarpur. \"We have been deprived of the basic civic facilities. This piece of land can be used for community service. But the government is not interested in saving its own land. We have been following this matter for the past one-and-a-half years. Though they agree that it is government land, both agencies are struck in bureaucratic process. Once construction work starts on this land, it will be difficult to take action,\" said Surender Singh, vice-president of Mehrauli Van Bachao Samiti.As the land was transferred to the erstwhile MCD, it is South corporation's responsibility to remove the encroachment. Sources say that DDA wants South corporation to remove encroachment before handing over the land, but South corporation has not been able to do it.\"We had a joint inspection with DDA on September 26 and it was decided that DDA and South corporation will take joint action; but it will be done after the festive season, as we need police protection,\" said Mukesh Yadav, director press and information, South corporation.Despite repeated requests to get information regarding the issue, DDA spokesperson Neemo Dhar could not get it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16896617", "title": "1965: A love and war story which overcame handicaps", "text": "CHENNAI: On a pleasant Saturday morning, Kamalam (70) held what remains of her husband K E Sherif's hand to guide him around the Officers Training Academy in Chennai. The couple joked and smiled, not showing a trace of the devastation the India-Pakistan war has had on their lives since 1965.Sherif, then a 28-year-old jawan in love with Kamalam, lost both his arms below the elbow and both his eyes in a landmine blast while his battalion was crawling towards enemy posts near Sialkot. Incapacitated, Sherif decided not to marry, but Kamalam insisted that she would have a life only with him. On Saturday, Sherif, a father of three, was among the Army veterans brought together by the War Wounded Foundation in the city on Saturday.\"His was a miraculous escape, and I was fortunate to get him back alive,\" said Kamalam, \"We were in love for two years. And then the war happened. Every one was against our marriage since I was a Hindu Malayalee girl and he a Tamil Muslim. But I would not leave his bedside as he was undergoing treatment.\" The two first met when Sherif, a friend of Kamalam's soldier brother, visited their house in Bangalore.Despite Sherif's injury Kamalam insisted that they tie the knotSoon after the couple first met at the house of Kamalam's brother in Bangalore their romance bloomed. But, Sherif was called to the battlefield not too long after this. Though the 1965 war did not resolve the Kashmir conflict, Sherif proudly recalled his sacrifice for the country and appealed to the youth to join the Army.He recalled that October night that plunged him into eternal darkness. \"It was October 19. Six of us were crawling towards an enemy target in Sialkot, about 25km from Labore. Around 9pm, an air strike triggered a series of land mines near us. We were all believed to be dead. But all of us escaped, only I was severely injured,\" said Sherif, who lives in Coimbatore.He was shifted to an army hospital in Jammu where doctors removed the mutilated parts of his forearms to save the rest of his body. Nothing could be done to save his eyes. As he underwent multiple surgeries for a year, Sherif knew life would never be the same again. He told Kamalam that their marriage was now not possible, but she would have none of it. Coming to know that Sherif was% recuperating in Coimbatore, she went there and convinced him to get married. They tied the knot in 1967.Their 38-year-old son works for a soldiers' welfare board in Salem, while their two daughters are homemakers. The War Wounded Foundation brought together several such living martyrs of Independent India.Colonel (retd) T N Raman, convenor of the Tamil Nadu chapter of Indian Ex-Servicemen Movement said soldiers from all major combats including the Indo-Pakistan war of 1947, 1965 and the Indo-China war of 1962 gathered for the collective.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907728", "title": "Lucknow University orders students to vacate hostels", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a move that has caught many hostel inmates off guard, Lucknow University has asked students, specially girls, to vacate rooms during 10-day Dussehra break beginning Monday (October 22). The decision has hit students who are preparing for competitive examinations.\"My CAT exam scheduled is on October 30. The long vacation was the best time to study but we have been asked to leave. Now, I will have to come again from my home town to appear in the exam,'' said Nidhi Yadav, a native of Sultanpur.Another student who is preparing for civil services said, \"Just because we can't stay in hostels during the break, I will miss my coaching classes for 10 days. Earlier, I had planned to go home for two days and spend rest of the holidays in the hostel.''The university officials have put notices in the hostels stating that no student will be allowed to stay in the hostel during the Dussehra break. Students will now have to report on November 2 when the university reopens.Criticising the decision, a senior professor said, \"It's bizarre. Usually students are not allowed to stay in hostels during the semester break. This is for the first time they have been asked to leave hostels and go home for festival break.''Chief provost Prof KD Singh, however, denied that students have been forced to leave the hostels. Prof Singh said, \"During long vacations, the mess does not operate and so most of the girls go to their homes. But we did not force any student to leave the hostel during the vacation.'' However, students said that except research scholars every hostel inmate has been asked to leave. Given the LU decision, while most hostlers have left for home others have made temporary arrangements for stay in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16907887", "title": "Navegaon-Nagzira tiger reserve proposal being recast", "text": "NAGPUR: State principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) SWH Naqvi has ordered revision of the proposal for Navegaon-Nagzira tiger reserve (NNTR). It will be sent to the state government soon.National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) had in a notification on October 15, and in a submission to the Supreme Court, has advised Maharashtra government to submit a new tiger reserve proposal.Principal secretary for forests Praveen Pardeshi said Navegaon-Nagzira Tiger Reserve proposal is under consideration but has not yet been submitted to Government of India. \"We would like to make detailed core and buffer zone delineation before we submit it, to avoid any complications,\" Pardeshi told on Sunday.However, rumours are agog that officials are delaying the proposal to favour Adani Power Maharashtra Limited (APML), whose 3,300MW power plant is coming up just 8km away from the Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary boundary and lies in the eco-sensitive zone.Considering this, when Aditya Agrawal of Tumsar tried to find out about the tiger reserve proposal under the RTI Act, he was not given any information, saying the procedure is incomplete.Talking to TOI, Naqvi scoffed at the rumours, saying the tiger reserve proposal has nothing to do with Adani power project. \"The proposal is being recast by including newly notified sanctuaries New Nagzira and Navegaon adjoining existing Nagzira sanctuary and Navegaon National Park. The earlier proposal sent to the state in September 2010 did not include newly notified sanctuaries,\" Naqvi said.\"We want to ensure that all old and new notified areas have been included in the new reserve. It should be a perfect proposal so there are no hassles later,\" Naqvi made it clear.The New Nagzira and New Navegaon wildlife sanctuaries were notified nine months ago in February 2012. The Navegaon-Nagzira Tiger Reserve is expected to be over 560 sq km. It will combine existing Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary (152 sq km), Navegaon National Park (133 sq km), New Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary (151.33 sq km) and Navegaon Wildlife Sanctuary (122.75 sq km).The Navegaon-Nagzira tiger reserve was announced on September 8, 2009, by then environment minister Jairam Ramesh. From time to time he has asked the chief minister to declare Navegaon-Nagzira a reserve. The MoEF has agreed in principle to declare the area a reserve.On August 14, in a written reply, environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan had announced in the Rajya Sabha creation of five new tiger reserves; Pilibhit (Uttar Pradesh), Ratapani ( Madhya Pradesh ), Sunabeda (Odisha), Mukundara Hills (Rajasthan) and Satyamangalam ( Tamil Nadu ). She had also said Maharashtra has been asked to submit Navegaon-Nagzira reserve proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913480", "title": "Manoj Tiwari honoured with Bihari Ho To Aisa award", "text": "ETV has recently awarded Manoj Tiwari with 'Bihari Ho To Aisa' award. The entertainment channel alongwith Amrapali Group arranged for a huge event where Manoj Tiwari was honoured. As Manoj could not go to the event his mother Lalita Kuwar accepted the honour.Apart from Manoj, ten others were also honoured. Folk singer Sharda Sinha was also honoured at the event. Deputy Chief Minister Sushil Kumar Modi was also present at the event and awarded everyone their honours. He also said that Manoj Tiwari has made Bhojpuri film industry famous.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16909075", "title": "MRI scans can help spot paedophiles", "text": "WASHINGTON: Paedophiles have a differently-wired brain as it could be a biological problem some are born with, new research has claimed adding that a potential offender can be identified through MRI scans.Experts believe they can identify paedophilia through MRI and IQ tests and just like clinical depression or bipolar disorder it can be treated and maybe one day cured.Five studies have concentrated on abnormalities detected in paedophiles' brains, with results discerning irregularities in the frontal lobe to observing paedophiles brain activity when they see images of naked children, the Daily Beast reported.Sex offenders appear to have significantly less white matter - a substance that connects different parts of the brain - than those who are paedophiles, according to research by James Cantor, associate professor of psychiatry at the University of Toronto.Cantor is working with new types of magnetic resonance imaging scans known as diffusion tensor imaging to get a better sense of what he calls \"the literal crosswiring of the brain\" commonly found in paedophiles.He believes that a lack of connection between brains's parts could mean that paedophiles struggle to differentiate between sexual objects.Cantor's research found that the sexual predators generally have lower IQs and are disproportionately left-handed compared to the overall population.However, not everyone is convinced that stopping paedophilia is as simple as taking a pill or reading an MRI. Thomas Plante, a psychology professor at California's Santa Clara University who has done extensive research on child abuse within the Catholic Church argues that treating paedophilia is particularly difficult.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16908014", "title": "Panchayat workers to discourage beach littering", "text": "MARGAO: In an attempt to curb the garbage menace on the beach, the gram sabha of the Betalbatim village panchayat held on Sunday, decided to deploy personnel on the beach to persuade people not to litter the place.The persons deployed on the beach will offer garbage bags to picnickers and request them to carry their garbage back with them. A resolution demanding that the deadline for submitting the KYC forms for LPG cylinders be extended to a further date was also adopted.MLA Francisco Pacheco was also present . Taking note of complaints made by some farmers of unavailability of adequate land for post-harvesting operations of paddy, Pacheco urged them to identify suitable land so that it can be acquired for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907162", "title": "4-lane expressway in outer Delhi to link NH 1, 10", "text": "NEW DELHI: Outer Delhi is likely to get a 26.10-km four-lane expressway between Ghevra Mod and Singhu border. The proposed expressway will run parallel to the upcoming KPM expressway and will connect with NH 1 and 10. The proposed road, if cleared, will help decongest traffic flow on G T Karnal-Nangloi road and Bahadurgarh road.Besides this, the PWD has also proposed to convert a 21-km two-way road into a four-lane expressway from Auchandi border to Mangolpur Kalan. Both the proposals, estimated to be constructed at a cost of Rs 250 crore are likely to be put up before the Delhi cabinet in coming weeks.The present road from Ghevra to Singhu border is a narrow two-lane road which, despite having access to two national highways, is not a preferred route because of its poor condition. The PWD department has asked the Delhi Technological University to conduct a feasibility and traffic study of the stretch. As per sources, PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan has already cleared the file. \"We are hoping that the proposal is put before the cabinet on Monday and if cleared, we will start the tender process in coming weeks,\" said an officer.As per the proposal, the 26.10 km expressway will be constructed in four phases. The total cost of this expressway would be around Rs 124 crore. For the second project, PWD sources said a budget of Rs 120 crore has been proposed.To ensure good quality of work, PWD has decided to give a five-year maintenance contract to the same company which would construct these roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912350", "title": "Mumbai Film Festival to pay respect to Yash Chopra", "text": "As a gesture of condolence, the Mumbai Film Festival family will observe a minute of silence at every festival screen to pay respect to cinematic legend and founding trustee of the festival, Mr. Yash Chopra .The weekend saw a gathering of epic proportions as cinephiles from across the city gathered to indulge in their cinematic taste buds at the 4th day of the 14th Mumbai Film Festival.The afternoon session witnessed the country's first open forum Panel Discussion on Films Restoration &amp; Preservation. The symposium involved eminent guests representing organizations such as World Cinema Foundation, Film Foundation, Twentieth Century Fox Archives and Academy Film Archive of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, Cineteca di Bologna and noted Indian filmmaker Shivendra Singh Dungarpur whose documentary Celluloid Man a tribute film to revolutionary film archivist P. K. Nair will also be featured at the festival.Moderated by Ian Birnie, US Representative at the Mumbai Film Festival and Director of the Film Department at the Los Angeles County Museum, the session offered most illuminating insights into the current state of film preservation and the challenges facing archives in future world of diminishing financial resources and rapidly evolving technologies.Later during the day was the Masterclass in \"Concept to Script to Film Production\" conducted on by ace Filipino film director Brillante Mendoza who shared his experiences as a low budget filmmaker and suggested to the attentive audience how budding filmmakers can fructify their cinematic aspiration despite technical constraints. The session was moderated by respected German film critic Daniel Kothenschulte.A session later in the afternoon hosted Dimensions Mumbai, a short film competition that featured short films of less than five minutes duration, made in any format and depicting any aspect of life in Mumbai by young Mumbaikars below the age of 25 years. Offering a platform to showcase young and talented Mumbai based filmmakers, the competition segment was judged by an eminent panel comprising of Pune based ace filmmaker Umesh Kulkarni (Jury President), actor Sanjay Suri, multi talented animator, filmmaker and theatre actress Gitanjali Rao and renowned filmmaker Reema Kagti.Despite some unprecedented technical difficulties faced, some of stellar works of cinematic genius screened were Benoit Jacquot's Farewell My Queen, The Wall by critically acclaimed director Julian Polsler, a biographic film titled Roman Polanski: Odd Man Out by Marina Zenovich, Twice Upon A Time by French filmmaker Jean-Paul Rouve, critically acclaimed film Kid by Fien Troch and the red carpet Gala showing of Save Your Legs by Australian director Boyd Hicklin.A special segment was organized to pay homage to Indian cinema's first \"Superstar\", Hindi film legend Rajesh Khanna by screening one of the late star's most memorable films Aradhana that was directed by celebrated Indian film director Shakti Samanta.Spotted at the event were thespian Naseeruddin Shah, director Abhinav Kashyap, Restaurateur and chef Gary Mehigan &amp; chef George Calombaris from Master Chef Austrailia, theatre actor Rajat Kapur, Jugal Hansraj, ex-Indian Idol contestant Meiyang Chang, ace dancer and choreographer Astad Deboo, Raj Zutshi and Hansal Mehta among others.The evening ended on a sombre note as attendees at the festival received news of the passing of Indian cinema legend and founding trustee of the Mumbai Film Festival, Mr. Yash Chopra. As a gesture of condolence, the Mumbai Film Festival family will observe a minute of silence at every festival screen across the city and pay respect to his memory by working dedicatedly towards developing the festival to reach out to wider audiences and greater heights by showcasing more quality cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907738", "title": "UID helps detect 4k fake beneficiaries", "text": "MUMBAI: In the first major benefit from the Aadhar (UID) registration and linkage to welfare schemes in the state, about 4,000 bogus beneficiaries have been detected in the state.According to a communication issued by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's office, the beneficiaries were detected following linkage of the UID to Sanjay Gandhi Niradhaar Anudan Yojana meant to provide financial assistance to destitute persons and persons suffering from blindness, other physical disabilities and major illnesses, orphans and abandoned women in Aurangabad.Chavan said the detection would save the state Rs 2.25 crore. Aurangabad collector Kunal Kumar was on Saturday rewarded with the UID governance award at a function presided over by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and other Congress leaders in Rajasthan.Singh also appreciated the overall UID implementation and the infrastructure created for enrolment of citizens by rewarding state IT head Rajesh Aggarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16908690", "title": "Prodded, UT readies to send nomination", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It seems to have taken some persuasion from Le Corbusier Foundation for the UT administration to begin preparations for filing a nomination for UNESCO world heritage status.The administration has taken up the issue with the Archeological Survey of India (ASI), which is the nodal agency for sending Indian entries. The proposal would also be put up before the administrator's advisory council to garner support.Two officials from the foundation were in the city last week to hold meetings with UT adviser K K Sharma and chief architect Sumit Kaur on the issue. \"The offer made by the foundation to help in preparation of the dossier too has been forwarded to the ASI so that their services are best utilized in enhancing UT's chances of making it to the coveted list,\" said an official.In 2008, Chandigarh had sent its nomination but it faltered in making it to the permanent list of UNESCO world heritage sites. The city's entry titled, \"Urban and Architectural Work of Le Corbusier in Chandigarh,\" was to be submitted as an Indo-French nomination, as France too had a similar nomination related to the Swiss-French architect. As France was also the coordinator of the project for that year, Chandigarh stood a good chance of getting the coveted status, which would have instantly catapulted it to the world tourist scene. Chandigarh had already been placed on the tentative list in 2006.But it was an eleventh hour demand from the ministry of home affairs to seek concurrence from governments of Punjab and Haryana on the proposal, which resulted in UT missing the deadline for submitting its dossier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912366", "title": "How complex can college students' hook-ups get", "text": "60 to 80 per cent of college students have experienced some kind of sexual 'hook-up', researchers say.Researchers from Binghamton University and The Kinsey Institute for Research in Sex, Gender and Reproduction at Indiana University , collaborated on a comprehensive academic review of the sexual hook-up culture.Their findings concluded that these encounters, which are increasingly becoming the 'norm,' mark a shift in the openness and acceptance of uncommitted sex among U.S. \"emerging adults\" during the transitional developmental period between adolescence and young adulthood.\"What we were able to see in the literature was a real change to dating culture,\" Justin R. Garcia, a research fellow at The Kinsey Institute, said.\"Since the 1920s, we've seen a gradual movement away from dating under parental supervision, in fact, taking it out of the house completely. This project provided a very colourful snapshot of where we are today by focusing on a unique transitional period in an emerging adult's life - the college years.\"What we found presents a new take on sexual behaviour today, which is that we're dealing with a culture among emerging adults that views sex in a non-committal way, emphasizing experience over committed relationships,\" he said.Drawing a team of researchers from a broad range of disciplines, the project presented an opportunity to look at the issue of uncommitted sex from a multifaceted theoretical perspective.\"We brought together a real mix of forces to tackle this project,\" Sean Massey, co-author of the study, said.\"We tapped into the expertise of an evolutionary biologist, an anthropologist, a social psychologist and a developmental psychologist - people who were able to collaborate intellectually but able to draw from different spheres and methodology.\"The result is a comprehensive view that we believe offers a much better understanding of sexual activity and perspectives,\" Massy said.The anthropologist - Chris Reiber, an associate professor - and the developmental psychologist - Ann M. Merriwether, both of Binghamton University - joined Garcia and Massey in conducting a full review of studies and opine from each of their respective fields to formulate a comprehensive snapshot of the cultural phenomenon known as 'hook-ups.'\"Even though a large percentage of emerging adults 'hookup,' it's not just about the sex,\" Garcia said.\"Many men and women are looking for something more - in essence , looking for love, a romantic relationship. With dating culture being so dramatically different among youth today, we're left to ask how emerging adults achieve both sexual and romantic goals - as desires for both are at the core of the human condition,\" he said.And it's not all about the stuff emerging adults see on TV or listen to on their iPods.Tapping into the barrage of cultural references in movies, television shows, and music that emerging adults are subjected to, the study suggests that pop culture is pulling double-duty, simultaneously representing aspects of actual sexual behaviour while providing sexual 'scripts' for young adults.The researchers also found that alcohol and drugs had a lot to do with uncommitted sex. In fact, alcohol was involved in over a third of the hookup cases.\"It certainly wasn't a surprise to us,\" Chris Reiber said.\"But what was interesting was the role alcohol played in many hook-ups: sometimes consumed on purpose to facilitate hooking up, and other times given as a reason why hook-ups went further than expected or wanted,\" he said.The researchers say alcohol and drug use can drastically increase the risks associated with hook-ups.However, according to the researchers, it's not all bad news. The study presents a unique opportunity for parents and anyone dealing with college-aged populations to have a better understanding of this stage of a young person's development.\"We neither condemn nor condone any consensual sexual activity,\" Garcia said.\"But we do endorse the need for emerging adults to be aware of, and honestly communicate, their own intentions, desires, and the comfort levels of themselves and of their partner(s) during engagement in sexual activity,\" he added.The study has been published in the Review of General Psychology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16912996", "title": "Woman tries to kill grandchildren to avenge sons", "text": "SAMBALPUR: An old woman tried to kill her four grandchildren in Kuchinda area in the district recently to take 'revenge' on her sons for deserting her.The woman mixed rat poison in tea and served it to the children. She also consumed the tea herself, apparently to commit suicide. Locals rescued them all in critical condition and admitted them to a local hospital.Later the children were shifted to VSS medical college and hospital for treatment. Police has registered a case and started investigation in the incident.\"We have registered a case after receiving the information. However, we have not taken any action against the woman yet as she was also admitted to the hospital in a serious condition,\" said a police officer of Mahulpali police station of Sambalpur district.According to police, the woman has two sons, but she was living alone because of her sore relation with her sons. But her grandchildren, identified as Bijeswar Kishan (9), Krishna Kishan (2), Debaki Kishan (4) and Tijendra Kishan (2), used to visit her regularly.According to a villager, the woman revealed the truth in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16908465", "title": "The art of reading, for senior citizensA helping hand for senior citizens", "text": "PUNE: Saturday is the favourite day of the week for 87-year-old Shrikrishna Kher, when a volunteer from MayaCare would arrive to read for him. An avid reader, Kher had to let go of his favourite pastime after age caught up with his eyesight; he can see but cannot read and write. And now, he has a reader. \"Saturdays are the most enjoyable time for me. Not only do I enjoy the reading session, I also get to indulge in some good-hearted banter and debate on assorted topics. The person who volunteers to visit my place is an engineer, and can take a discussion forward. It's very rewarding,\" says Kher.The NGO, MayaCare, which offers all kind of services to senior citizens in need, was founded by Puneite Manjiri Gokhale Joshi in 2009. A self-sustainable, non-profit venture, today the organization is thriving in as many as ten cities - Pune, Mumbai, Delhi-NCR, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Ahmedabad, Nashik, Nagpur and Meerut.\"Earlier, it was a paid-for service. Though the concept was much appreciated, there was often a resistance on payment, says Joshi, who is now settled in the UK. \"Not very long ago, we decided to make the services completely free for all. This has helped popularizing it to a great extent.\"Before deciding to go in for free services, the organization had tied up with an IT outsourcing company in Mumbai, which availed the MayaCare services for the parents of its employees who abroad for an extended duration. MayaCare took care of the needs of these senior citizens and the IT company paid them for the same.Mumbai-based coordinator, Sudha Gokhale, who has been with the organization since its inception , says, \"The response has been tremendous after the services were made free. Nowadays, our volunteers take care of two-three senior citizens in their respective areas.\"The volunteers at MayaCare, says Joshi, represent all walks of life. \"This is what makes the organization so different.\" College students, homemakers, working professionals and even a few senior citizens comprise the workforce that endeavours to bring a smile on the faces of countless senior citizens across the country.The organization offers all kinds of services for senior citizens - from accompanying them during visits to doctors, reading to them, seeing them off or receiving them from the railway station/airport, buying medicines, collecting medical reports, shopping, conducting financial transactions, attending a social engagement, helping out if someone is admitted at the ICU, helping out with pest control - the organization tries its best.However, it clearly states that it is not an emergency service; hence it needs at least 24 hours before arranging a volunteer. Also, since it avails the help of highly educated volunteers, it makes itself quite clear that it is not a service that outsources domestic helps or nurses - no 'bureau service', as Joshi says.Senior citizens can not only call their helpline to ask for services, but they can also record their service needs online at mayacare.com. Pune coordinator Jyoti More, who has been with the organization since 2010says, \"Even volunteers can register themselves online. There is a form that needs to be filled in. Apart from this, it is mandatory that the volunteers supply a government-issue photo-identity card. And, of course, a valid contact number is a must so that we can reach them whenever needed. We also issue an ID to all our volunteers.\"Apart from helping senior citizens with need-based services, MayaCare also goes out of its way to bring a smile on their lips. \"Sometimes, we have requests from children living abroad to celebrate the birthdays or anniversaries of their parents. They mail us family trivia like photographs and messages, and we make it into a personalized card. We at times also throw a small party,\" says Joshi. \"We keep trying to add to our repertoire of services. We are always ready to go out of the way. In fact, some senior citizens like to write. A few are also writing books and our volunteers help them out with writing and editing.\"People volunteering with the organization also talk of how fulfilling it all is. Vidyasagar Bhandare, a senior citizen himself, used to work with MayaCare before his professional engagements took him to another city. Now, he is back and eager to start again. \"It was a wonderful experience to be able to do something for others without wanting something in return. I hope I am able to be useful to people for many more years,\" he says.But, doesn't it get difficult managing the finances?\"At present, my husband and I are putting in our own money to run the organization. It's a beautiful effort and we don't want it to die. We do get some sponsorship and donations once in a while - but nothing big. Sometimes, senior citizens pay us for the services. We accept whatever comes our way. But largely, the financial dependency rests on us. Honestly I don't know how long we will be able to manage this way, but I hope that MayaCare goes on for a long, long time,\" says Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907935", "title": "Myanmar man among 2 more held", "text": "MUMBAI: Two more alleged miscreants, including a Myanmar national, involved in the Azad Maidan riot on August 11 were arrested by the Mumbai police on Sunday. Immediately after the riots, in which two persons were killed and 63 injured, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had indicated the possibility of a foreign hand behind the incident.The special investigating team (SIT) arrested two persons, Salim Anwar Pasha alias Lightwala (24) and Yusuf Ahmed Khan (28), a Burmese national, who was staying at Behrampada in Bandra (E). With this, the number of arrests in the case has touched 62.While Lightwala was arrested in Bandra, Khan was arrested from Mysore and is an illegal immigrant. \"Lightwala has a criminal record and was even externed from the city limits,\" said an officer.Khan, who hails from Myanmar, has been staying in India for the last 10-15 years. He is a disciple of Maulana Nyamatullah Noori, who was one of the 17 community leaders at Azad Maidan on August 11.Police also claimed to have stumbled upon Khan's call records to show that he was in touch with some people in Myanmar. It was Khan who first got the SMS of 3 lakh minorities being thrown out of their homes and 30,000 killed and robbed. Cops also believe that Khan allegedly forwarded this text message to some community leaders and organizers of the protest and thus created unease in the community.JCP (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"We have just arrested him and are questioning him.''Cops said now there are reasons to believe that the violence was a criminal conspiracy. On Saturday, an identification parade was held inside the Taloja jail where nine women cops, who were allegedly molested by the mob, identified four culprits. The parade will continue on Monday to identify a few more accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909194", "title": "In Triplicane lanes, units make drugs for smugglers", "text": "CHENNAI: A two-month probe into drug busts at Chennai airport has led investigators to a startling discovery : drugs that smugglers route to Southeast Asia, Europe and Latin America are being manufactured in units in residential buildings in the quaint old bylanes of Triplicane .While Chennai is known to be a transit point for drug runners, who source heroin and other narcotics from Afghanistan and dispatch consignments to Sri Lanka and certain Southeast Asian countries, this is the first time that authorities are probing the possibility that the city could be a hub for the manufacture of illegal drugs.Investigations into recent drug seizures at the Chennai airport were making little headway till officials of the air cargo intelligence seized two consignments of the narcotic drug methaqualone, estimated to cost nearly 2 crore in the international market, on October 15.Customs officials confiscated more than 7,300gm of the drug in five polythene covers in two parcels being couriered to Kuala Lumpur, and recovered close to 2kg stashed away in the footwear of two passengers bound for the Malaysian capital. They arrested, Sajakhan Nivaz, 34, and Mohamed Yasin Kaja Mohideen, 31, both from Sivaganga district.Officials learned during the interrogation of the arrested duo and through tipoffs that the drug was being made in several houses in the old Chennai neighbourhood.\"We traced the origin of the recently seized methaqualone to Triplicane, where acartel appears to have set up drug-making units in some independent houses,\" a senior customs officer said.NEW DRUG HUB?Chennai has for long been known as a transit point for drug runners Recent investigations into drug seizures have put light on drugs being manufactured in Triplicane houses Cops are staking out houses believed to be used for manufacturing drugs Investigating teams are also tracking the operations of the networkCops staking out houses in Triplicane\"The drug is being manufactured mainly for export.\" He said the manufacturers would require certain chemicals like N-Acetylanthranilic acid and o-toluidine to make the drug, but only need rudimentary equipment to process the sedative. The officer said they are staking out houses that they believe are being used to manufacture the drug while investigating teams are tracking the operations of the network.Methaqualone, better known as Mandrax in an antihistamine combination, was made by French pharmaceutical company Roussel Laboratories. The drug was first synthesised in India in 1951 and was available as a prescription drug in 1965 before it was withdrawn and banned by most members of the United Nations in the early '80s on reports of widespread abuse.Customs officers said methaqualone is used as a recreational drug for its sedative-hypnotic effects. \"It produces an enhanced sense of well-being and euphoria so it is in demand as a party drug,\" the officer said. Officials have busted more than 10 attempts to smuggle drugs \u2014 including heroin, ketamine and methaqualone \u2014 at the city airport. Customs officers arrested suspects in these cases under the Narcotic Drug and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985.Officials had in August arrested a woman passenger at the city airport after they found she had hidden heroin worth Rs. 1.5 crore in her blouse. \"Smugglers operate in several layers and only lower-level members or carriers are exposed to the risk of arrest, making it difficult for investigating agencies to track down bosses of the cartels ,\" the customs officer said.He said a cartel that manufactured its own drugs would need little capital investment , making the trade vastly more profitable than it would be for a group that sourced its drugs from other makers of the contraband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16907873", "title": "'Traditional, modern therapies together can help treat chronic ailments'", "text": "NAGPUR: Practitioners of alternative medicine believe that using their services along with modern medicine can improve treatment of many chronic ailments. At the same time these medicos lament that due to prevailing scenario, they have been compelled to practice at modern medical facilities and prescribe allopathic drugs.Practitioners of traditional therapies like ayurveda, unani, homeopathy and naturopathy came under one roof at Reshimbagh for an expo and seminar 'Ayushyaman Bhava'. Not only Nagpur Municipal Corporation, but several medical organizations like Ayurveda Vyaspeeth, All India Unani Tibbi Congress, International Naturopathy Organisation and Homoeopathic Integrated Medical Practitioners Association of Maharashtra supported this event. Concurrent seminars were held during the four-day exhibition to highlight basics of all the therapies. Yoga sessions were organized for the elderly and children on ailments like diabetes and asthma.Explaining the reason behind holding this exhibition, chief organizer Jayant Dikshit said, \"I visited Uttarakhand sometime ago and observed that herbal medication was a phenomenon there. I also remember how my mother would treat us for small illnesses using 'gharelu nuskhe' (home remedies) which are based on principles of ayurveda. I thought it necessary to make people aware of the alternatives to popping pills for every small discomfort.\"Renowned pulse expert and a member of central government's department of AYUSH (Ayurveda, Yog and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy) Dr Bhandarkar said that we are failing to utilize ayurveda and other traditional therapies, which are storehouses of knowledge. \"Countries like China and Japan are promoting their traditional medicines aggressively to the world but we are not doing it even in our own country. Even the primary health centres have no posts for traditional medical practitioners,\" he said, adding, \"Things have started to change in the past few years, though.\"\"Many therapies like acupressure have not developed properly because 95 per cent of their practitioners are non-medicos. If people with MBBS, BAMS or BHMS degrees were to learn a bit of these therapies, they could help their patients better as every mode of treatment has its limitations,\" said naturopath Parag Kulkarni, who is an acupressure specialist.Kulkarni stated this approach could help in fast recovery and an improved quality of life for the patients. \"Instead of competing against each other's therapies, all healers must aim to fight diseases together,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16908707", "title": "Eateries waste 140 tonne of edible food every day: Pune Municipal Corporation", "text": "PUNE: Around 140 tonne of leftover food is collected daily from nearly 1,400 hotels and restaurants located in the city, nearly half of which is fit to be consumed, as per data from the solid waste management department of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Pramod Yadav, officer on special duty with the department, told TOI that 26 trucks of the department collect around 140 tonne of leftover food from various hotels and restaurants in the city per day, making 28 trips in all. \"Fifty percent of the food collected is fit to be consumed. The food is taken to the 11 biogas plants in the city, where bacteria converts it to methane and compost, later generating electricity,\" he said, adding that most of the leftover food consists of rice, curry, non-vegetarian food waste, dough and the like.Though the PMC has not done any laboratory test to justify its claim, the officials say the staff which collects the food from the hotel is trained and can make out that the quality of the leftover food. Yadav said considering that a person consumes about 400 grams food per day, the leftover food can feed about 3 lakh people. He said the trucks collect food leftovers from hotels and restaurants, including 'dhabas', which are registered with the PMC. \"Eateries not registered with us too will have enough leftovers, but we have not compiled that data,\" he said.Another official with the solid waste department said about 65-70 tonne of this food is sent to the vermiculture plant, while about 55 to 60 tonne to the 11 biogas plants here. \"The 26 trucks collect food leftovers from eateries in Aundh, Ghole Road, Yerawada, Dhole Patil Road, Warje, Karvenagar, Kothrud, Sahkarnagar, Dhankawdi, Bibvewadi, Tilak Road, Bhawani Peth, Kasba Peth, Vishrambaugwada and Hadapsar.Most of the food waste, around 22-23 tonne, comes from Ghole Road, which has around 220 eateries. As per January 2012 data, Dhole Patil Road had around 171 eateries. The trucks collect around 19-20 tonne leftovers from eateries in this area,\" the official said.Karve Road comes third when it comes to the amount of food leftovers generated from eateries with about 11 to 11.5 tonne. The area had around 110 eateries till January 2012. \"The biogas plants can convert five metric tonne of waste into electricity. Leftovers not fed to these plants are sent to the vermiculture plant,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16908628", "title": "State ATS brings terror accused Jundal from Delhi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Abu Jundal, the terror accused in connection with 2008 Mumbai terror attack, was brought to the city by a flight from Delhi by a team of state Anti-Terrorists Squad (ATS) on Sunday amid tight security.The ATS team had gone to Delhi to secure the custody of the alleged Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) operative from National Investigation Agency. Jundal is one of the main accused in 2006 RDX blast at Kalupur railway station which had injured 25. The blast had taken place on February 19, 2006 at 1.43 am on platform number 2. A consignment of 1 kg of RDX had been concealed in a suitcase. Police suspect that the bomb was for Mumbai-Ahmedabad Karnavati Express, but mistake in setting the timer of the improvised explosive device had set it off on the station itself which saved many lives. Four persons including a police constable were arrested in connection with this case.\"Abu Jundal was one of the main conspirators in the incident. His questioning will reveal details about the plot. We'd applied for his custody in July this year. Apart from the blast case, we're also probing the case of 2006 where Jundal is named for scouting and recruiting youths from Gujarat and other states for terror training,\" said Manoj Sashidhar, deputy inspector general of police, ATS.Jundal was brought by a flight from Delhi by a team of 15 officers and personnel at 6.45 pm on Sunday at the city airport. Special security arrangements were made by the airport authorities to escort him from the flight to the ATS vehicles. The convoy carrying him was also given an added security, said officials.Jundal, a native of Maharashtra, was handed over to India by Saudi Arabia in June this year when the investigating agencies submitted proof of his involvement in Mumbai terror attack and his suspected role in German Bakery blast in Pune and other terrorist activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909398", "title": "Yash Chopra passes away, tinsel town bids fond farewell", "text": "Filmmaker and producer Yash Chopra , Bollywood's long-reigning 'King of Romance' , died at Mumbai's Lilavati Hospital around 5.30 on Saturday evening. He is survived by his wife Pamela and sons Aditya and Uday.Chopra, who celebrated his 80th birthday on September 27, was admitted to the hospital's intensive care unit last Saturday when the doctors were alarmed by his plummeting platelet count. After tests, Chopra was diagnosed with dengue. He was put on ventilator as he \"developed acute respiratory distress syndrome. His condition kept worsening until Sunday , when he suffered multiple organ failure,\" said a senior doctor from the hospital.In an interview with Shah Rukh Khan recently, the veteran director had announced his decision to hang up his filmmaking boots and his plan to spend time with his wife, holidaying with her. He was even slated to leave for Switzerland-his favourite locale of green fields and snowcapped mountains immortalized in several of his films-where he was supposed to shoot the last song of his still-unreleased movie , 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' , with Shah Rukh and Katrina Kaif . At the end of the song, the film unit had planned a huge celebration to mark Chopra's last shot, but the entire trip had to be cancelled because of his illness.As the news of his passing away spread, the who's who of the film industry, including Karan Johar, Shah Rukh, Mahesh Bhatt and Rani Mukherji, rushed to the hospital. His body was taken to his house in Juhu late in the evening. It will be kept at the Yash Raj studio in Andheri (West) from 9am to 3pm on Monday, during which time people can pay their last respects to him; chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is also likely to visit. At 3pm, the last rites will be held at Pawan Hans crematorium in Juhu.The demise has left the filmmakers of India orphaned, said director and producer Mahesh Bhatt. Chopra not only made films but also fought for the rights of the film industry and even moved court to lessen the heavy taxes imposed on it. \"Our government does not treat us with dignity. Even in our centenary year, we were running from one ministry to another, begging for relief. Even our own state has not given us our rightful due. This was Yashji's major complaint over the past one year,\" said Mahesh Bhatt.Even as the tinsel town mourns the passing away of the \"guiding force\" , Mumbai's civic body was nudged into action to control dengue that proved fatal for Chopra. The BMC now plans to sensitize workplaces and industrial units as dengue is caused by mosquito bites during the day. \"We are going to target workplaces . We will sensitize the housekeeping department of offices and the officials concerned will be asked to keep tabs on places, even the unlikeliest ones, to see if water gets collected there. Our aim is to get rid of the breeding grounds of dengue mosquitoes,\" said additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar.Deadly bite Dengue:An infectious disease borne by tiger mosquitoes or Aedes aegyptiSymptoms:Sudden onset of fever, at times accompanied by rashes Severe headache, back pain, muscles and joint pain Loss of taste, vomiting Falling platelet count, which could occasionally cause shock and haemorrhage (bleeding), leading to deathTreatment:Paracetamol is advised Use of anti-inflammatory drugs should be avoided Patients have to take a lot of fluid , 250-300 ml every hour If patient starts bleeding from nose, take him/her to hospitalYash Chopra's conditionOn Oct 13 Chopra was admitted to Lilavati Hospital where he was diagnosed with dengue Since his hospitalization, Chopra had been put on ventilator as he developed several complications, including acute respiratory distress syndrome By Sunday, he suffered multiorgan failure and passed away in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16908460", "title": "Cong\u2019s bickerings come to the fore", "text": "PATNA: Senior Congress leader Janardan Dwivedi cancelled his visit to Patna on Sunday after he received complaints that two camps of party leaders in Bihar were organizing two separate functions to celebrate the 125th birth anniversary of the state's first chief minister Shri Krishna Sinha.Dwivedi was scheduled to arrive on Sunday morning to participate in the function organized by former Union minister Akhilesh Prasad Singh's group at the SK Memorial Hall. He was also supposed to attend another function on Sinha's birth anniversary organized by Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee at Sadaqat Ashram. Congress Working Committee (CWC) member Mohan Prakash also cancelled his visit.Despite Dwivedi and Prakash not coming, the rival Congress camps organized two separate programmes to remember Sinha. While the 'official' Congress programme organized at the Sadaqat Ashram was inaugurated by Sinha's cabinet colleague and former Union minister LP Shahi, the function at the SK Memorail Hall was inaugurated by former Union minister Shakil Ahmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16910834", "title": "ISI directing Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan: US lawmaker", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan's spy agency ISI is directing the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan, a US lawmaker has alleged, saying his view is based on his meetings with the people and officials in the war-torn country.\"US military commanders at several levels of the chain of command indicated that they believe Pakistan and its intelligence agency specifically, the ISI, is directing the Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan,\" California's Republican Congressman Duncan Hunter told the UTSanDiego.Com.\"The fact that they (Pakistanis) are controlling them was pretty astounding to me. It's bad, but it bodes well I think for long-term stability. That means it's an external threat. It's not an internal Taliban takeover like it was in the '90s,\" said Hunter, who visited Afghanistan as part of a Congressional delegation - the first to visit the country after the recent withdrawal of surge forces from there.Hunter hinted that the Pakistani establishment might also be involved in the insiders attack.\"Everybody is taking the insider threat thing seriously on both sides, especially the Afghans. They are really getting to the bottom of it in every way they can. Now that the army is at its strength, they can kind of re-vet and check everybody,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16913191", "title": "BJP to shift focus on social harmony in next general elections: Nitin Gadkari", "text": "INDORE: Deviating from the set principles of the party, national president of BJP, Nitin Gadkari, has hinted that instead of betting on 'Hindutva', his party would bank on social harmony in the next general elections.\"There will be no discrimination on the basis of religion and the party will rather come up with policies of social harmony in case it comes to power,\" said Nitin Gadkari here on Sunday while giving a peep into party's manifesto for general elections in 2014. He said that his party was preparing a vision document 2025 for last one year and it will focus on development and social harmony by merging the differences among various religions. \"We need to develop a vision for a country for better governance and policies,\" he said.Gadkari was speaking on 'challenges and solution for the development of the country', during a programme organized by Friends of BJP, the party think-tank.Earlier in the day, Gadkari participated in Chunari Yatra organised by BJP MLA Sudarshan Gupta.Gadkari further said that people from all cast and creed can come together to develop the country. He stressed that skills and crafts of people from various sections of the society can be used for indigenous growth of the country.Gadkari indicated towards shifting focus from urban class which is often considered as main vote base of the party, to rural areas.\"Our vision document has special emphasis on rural areas. Providing irrigation and power facility will be our focus. If BJP comes to power, states will get 50% of share for irrigation projects,\" he said adding that growth of the country can be increased significantly by simply increasing the command areas under irrigation. It will increase the productivity and purchasing power of villagers that will ultimately give push to overall growth of the country's economy , he said.He stressed that diversification of agriculture is required so that it can be linked to power generation. \"Every year, foodgrains worth of Rs 58,000 crore and fruits and vegetable worth of Rs 80,000 crore are wasted and all these can be used for generation of power,\" said Gadkari, adding that it will help reduce cost of oil import. Currently, the country imports Rs 6 lakh crore of oil annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911869", "title": "Bala looking for new faces", "text": "National-Award-winning director Bala has dropped hints on his next project that he is looking for two new faces for his film. His upcoming film Paradesi is nearing completion and Bala is keen to have youngsters on board for his next. He was initially suggesting that he may have Vikram or Suriya on board, but now it looks like he might be more interested in the younger lot, like Vikram Prabhu and Gautham Karthik. Paradesi's teaser was released on the internet recently and is received good responses from the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16910788", "title": "Gujarat assembly poll: Rebel BJP MLA to field five candidates", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After Keshubhai Patel's defection from BJP, another rebel MLA from the party has decided to take on Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi under the banner of his Sadbhavna Manch and will field five candidates in the forthcoming state assembly polls.BJP legislator Kanu Kalsaria first rebelled against Modi by dragging the state government to Supreme Court, that too successfully, in opposing, now cancelled Nirma Cement plant in coastal Mahuva area of Bhavnagar, from where he is an elected MLA.\"Our successful movement against the cement plant to preserve the fragile ecology of the coastal area has earned us the goodwill in many areas where we have candid support,\" said Kalsaria.\"To give a logical end to our fight against Modi government we have decided to focus only in five constituencies where we will field candidates,\" he said.While the agitation against the cement plant was on its peak, Kalsaria, a doctor by profession, had formed a socio-political outfit named 'Sadbhavna Manch' and fielded candidates in elections of local bodies too.\"Much before Modi had embarked upon the so called 'Sadbhavna Mission' bandwagon our Manch had fought and won nine seats in Taluka Panchayats and two seats in district panchayats of Bhavnagar,\" Kalsaria asserted.This time he has decided to take his fight a step further and plans to contest assembly seats of Mahuva, Talaja, Rajula, Gariadhar and Savarkundla.\"Our movement was based in coastal areas in and around Mahuva and now we will fight our first assembly battle against Modi government in coastal belt too,\" he said.During the movement against the cement plant, Kalsaria also undertook an awareness yatra in coastal belt areas from Bhal to Dholera, Dhandhuka and in Kutch and Jamnagar.\"Though we have large support base in those areas too we don't want to misdirect our energy. Hence, we have decided to fight only on five seats. But we are ready to lend our support to any like minded party or candidate who are fighting against BJP,\" Kalsaria said.In August this year, Keshubhai Patel left BJP and formed his own party called Gujarat Parivartan Party and has decided to contest on all the 182 assembly seats in the polls scheduled to be held on December 13 and 17.Even though Kalsaria has time and again rebelled openly against the state BJP, Modi has till date never took any disciplinary action against him. He had also voted in favour of Congress nominee Pranab Mukherjee in the presidential elections.\"Time has long gone for the party to take any action against me. Now in this election, I am not going to file my candidature under BJP,\" he said.He charged the BJP government with hurting people's welfare by adopting policies which favours industrialists and people with money.\"The damage this government has done cannot be repaired by anyone. I will consider every one else as lesser evil, but will try my best to see that BJP or Modi don't get a a chance to form a new government,\" he said.He alleged that in Gujarat BJP government has created more distance between 'have and have nots'.\"Though for this, policies of Congress are also responsible but as Modi is endorsing and adopting similar policies at the state level there is not much difference between Manmohan Singh and Modi,\" he added.On the outcome of the Assembly polls he said, \"People of Gujarat are wise and they know everything. The way anti-BJP and anti-Modi under current was responsible for Mansa assembly by-poll defeat, a similar under-current can be seen through out the state for this assembly election.\"\"I strongly believe in people's wisdom and have confidence that they will take the best call,\" he asserted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914628", "title": "Art for social responsibility", "text": "An art exhibition in the city recently saw the participating artists urge people to use guns responsibly. The first-of-its-kind digital art exhibition held at a star hotel had the who's who of the twin cities in attendance.Through their canvases, artists aimed at educating gun license holders to act responsibly with their weapons. Guests were seen bonding with one another and discussing the works on display over cocktails and hors d'oeuvres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16906934", "title": "Car on reverse kills 2-year-old", "text": "NEW DELHI: A two-year-old boy was killed after a Scorpio ran over him while reversing. The victim, Jagiya, lived with his parents in Munirka. He had gone to Ber Sarai area in south Delhi with his father when the accident took place.The father-son duo was standing on the road when the Scorpio hit the boy. The boy suffered injuries on his chest and head, and was taken to hospital where he was declared dead, police said. The SUV driver, Kamal Singh, was booked for causing death due to negligence and rash driving.Elsewhere, nine people were injured after the Eeco van they were travelling in rammed an electricity pole. They were going towards Shahdara, police said. Four of the injured have suffered minor injuries, while the other five, including the driver, are admitted at a government hospital. Cops are awaiting the driver's statement. Witnesses said the driver lost control due to speeding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "cape town", "code": "16906927", "title": "Disappointed on not having qualified for semis: Gambhir", "text": "CAPE TOWN: Kolkata Knight Riders skipper Gautam Gambhir admitted that it was indeed \"very disappointing\" not to have qualified for the semifinals of the Champions League Twenty20 .\"It is very disappointing not to have qualified for the semifinals but this is not the end of the world. We will definitely come back stronger in the next edition of Indian Premier League,\" Gambhir said at the post-match presentation ceremony.The skipper was however happy that his team produced a solid performance to defeat the Nashua Titans.\"I still feel we are a quality side, we put this performance on the field today. When you get 180 in these conditions, you know you have the bowling to defend.\"The skipper was all praise for Manvinder Bisla who started the onslaught and Debabrata Das who finished it with a flourish.\"Credit to Das for the way finished the innings while Bisla batted brilliantly at the top of the order.\"Bengal boy Debabrata who won the man-of-the-match award said, \"I was just told to go out there and play my game. My game is to see the ball and hit it.\"Titans skipper Martin van Jaarsveld said that once KKR scored 188 for five, it was always going to be a catch-up game.\"The moment they got first four through inside edge, we knew that it wasn't our day. They were like a runaway train today. We have a big match against Delhi on Tuesday, and we need to be up for it,\" he lamented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907836", "title": "Son\u2019s testimony nails woman\u2019s lie as court sentences her to life", "text": "MUMBAI: Based on the testimony of her minor son, the sessions court recently sentenced a homemaker and her paramour to rigorous life imprisonment for murdering her husband.Rupa Khot (38) had an extra-marital affair with one of her husband's employee, Sunil Chavan (30). Rupa's husband Vilas found out about the affair and would regularly fight with her. Rupa also suspected that her husband was having an affair with his 57-year-old adoptive mother and plotted his murder with Chavan.Senior inspector (MIDC police) SL Hujband said Rupa took Chavan's help to kill her husband on the night of April 11 in Vilas's first-floor flat in Subharamb cooperative housing society at PMGP Colony, Andheri (E). \"The duo then tried to pass it off as an accidental death. We nailed her lie because her eight-year-old son had seen Chavan killing his father on his mother's instruction. The post-mortem report also showed that Vilas had suffered severe internal head injuries and was strangled to death.\"Vilas was a local NCP leader and had a cable bill collection business. \"Rupa confessed she committed the crime as she suspected her husband was having an affair with his adoptive mother,\" said Hujband.To take revenge, Rupa befriended Chavan and had an illicit relationship with him. Rupa and Chavan were later arrested by the police. \"During the trial, the prosecution argued that Rupa and Chavan killed Vilas as they found that the latter was a hindrance to their affair,\" said the police.What bolstered the case was that Rupa's minor son identified Chavan in the court as his father's murderer. He, however, added that his mother was not present at the time of the incident. But the court held the view that the boy was just trying to protect his mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16913212", "title": "Pumpkins and coconuts shells should be disposed safely", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Corporation will fine people who break pumpkins and coconuts on the road during the Ayudha Pooja festival and do not dispose them immediately. During Auyudha pooja it is customary to break coconuts and pumpkins.Officials said large broken pumpkins and coconuts cause accidents among two-wheelers and cyclists, the civic body has asked people to remove the debris after the puja is performed. If debris is found on the road, corporation's health department officials will levy a fine on the house or shop the pumpkin is found in front of. The fine amount has not been specified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16906120", "title": "Durga Puja provisions shop struggling for survival", "text": "GUWAHATI: The labyrinthine alleys of Fancy Bazar are always abuzz with traders and customers scuttling to get the best deal. Changes in the outside world have little impact on business here where thousands are in the race to survive amid cut-throat competition.However, a one-stop-shop for puja provisions - one of the oldest in the area - has been a victim of changing times. Messers Kunjo Behari Bannerjee and Sons, popularly known as Kunjo Thakur's shop in the locality, has been selling puja condiments since 1868. But with many shops coming up in the area, Kunjo Thakur is losing its monopoly. Barring the festival season, the shop wears a deserted look. Its proprietors are trying hard to stay afloat.\"The business was established in 1856 but the shop opened in 1868. My grandfather had three shops in Dhaka, Calcutta and here. It is a family business that is run by my brothers and cousins. The shop had a monopoly as there were no other shops that had such variety under one roof. But that is not the case anymore,\" said Utpal Bannerjee, grandson of Kunjo Thakur, and one of the proprietors. The shop sells anything needed during pujas, wedding, shraadh and other Hindu rituals.A strong smell - a psychedelic mix of agaru (a fragrance extracted from a bark of a tree), pure ghee, turmeric, spices and dried herbs - welcomes a person walking into the shop. The old wooden shelves and walled cupboards take one back in time.The shop is also among a few in the city selling ayurvedic items.It gets back to life during the festival season. Proprietors get busy catering to customers from Sashti.The queue outside the shop only proves its popularity and age-old branding. More than 120 items, like vermillion, umbrellas, kharam (wooden sandals), threads, kumkum are required for Durga Puja rituals and all these are available here. The shopowners have always been careful about quality, and this is the reason that it is considered a brand in itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909664", "title": "Pilot Project", "text": "Steven Joyce, minister for economic development, science and innovation, tertiary education, skills and employment, and associate finance minister, New Zealand, talks to Vishakha Sharma on the areas of partnership in aviationWhat brings you to India?I am in India with a delegation of aviation and education companies to strengthen the relationship between India and New Zealand in these sectors. Also, we are keen to develop partnerships with Indian providers and institutions in the areas of pilot training, air traffic control and helicopter and flight training . The visit is part of an aviation arrangement with the Civil Aviation Ministry of India and Delhi University respectively. Also, the visit includes initiating partnerships with universities and education agencies in India, exploring opportunities between the countries for training programmes and professional development and introducing new and emerging media and technologies to deliver educational resources.Why did you decide on partnering in these specific areas?New Zealand is an aviation-focused country and has some of the highest numbers of private pilots in the world. The country has a strong aviation culture and it also has an advantage of reasonably underused airspace around some of the bigger airports, which gives pilots the opportunity to learn in a favourable environment and get more flying time. This, however, is not the case with India. Therefore, aviation is an area where both the countries can work together. While India is going to need a lot more pilots in future, we have the resources to help the country achieve that. We are looking for a partnership, wherein students of both the countries are able to opt for the programmes in pilot training, air traffic control and helicopter and flight training.What does the partnership between the countries aim to achieve?Although we have a significant number of Indian students studying aviation in New Zealand, we want the existing numbers to increase. We can train pilots in a shorter period of time than most countries as we can offer them more time in the air. Also, it is an opportunity for New Zealand providers to partner with Indian providers.Will there be any internship opportunities/exchange programmes for Indian students in New Zealand?There is no problem with international students seeking internships in New Zealand. However, internships for international students will only be possible if providers in New Zealand are willing to offer it. So it will depend on the company. As far as exchange programmes are concerned, substantial opportunities are likely to be on offer.Could you elaborate on the work permit conditions in New Zealand?Students who have completed a qualification in New Zealand, but do not have a job offer, may be eligible for a 'Graduate Job Search Work Visa' for a maximum of 12 months. However, when they find a job, they can apply for a further visa for up to two or three years under the 'Study to Work' category.If students have an employment relevant to their qualification, they may be eligible for a work visa for a maximum period of two years. For details, visit the website, www.immigration.govt.nz", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16907672", "title": "Hooda government yet to implement Ashok Khemka\u2019s cancellation order on Vadra-DLF deal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government has still not implemented the order of whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka, cancelling the mutation of Robert Vadra-DLF land deal on October 15. And now Gurgaon deputy commissioner PC Meena has sought advice from the Hooda government on Khemka's order, which claimed the mutation was not sanctioned by a \"competent\" authority. Meena, in his letter, has also justified the land deal and claimed that the mutation order was also cleared by a \"competent\" authority.Khemka had ordered a probe into all land dealings of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Vadra on October 11 and was issued transfer orders by the Haryana government within hours of doing so.Haryana's additional chief secretary Krishna Mohan on Sunday confirmed that the government had received Meena's letter. \"We'll put this letter before the committee inquiring into the issue,\" said Mohan, who is heading the three-member probe panel.Khemka had set aside the mutation of Vadra-DLF deal on the grounds that the assistant consolidation officer, who had sanctioned the change of title in the revenue records, was not the competent authority to do so.A senior officer in the revenue department said, \"Meena has said that the mutation of Vadra's land in favour of DLF, which was executed by an assistant consolidation officer on September 20, was correct, because thousands of such land mutation orders were cleared by assistant consolidation officers in the state.\"Asked why the Vadra-DLF land mutation was not cancelled following Khemka's order, chief secretary P K Chaudhery said, \"A committee has been constituted which is looking into the aspects related to this (Khemka) order and other matters.\"On the validity of Khemka's order, Anupam Gupta, a senior advocate in Chandigarh, said, \"Khemka cancelled the mutation on behalf of the government. He represented and acted as the highest statutory authority under the respective laws. The parties adversely affected by the cancellation of the mutation are Vadra and DLF. If they have any grievance, they should challenge Khemka's order before the Punjab and Haryana high court. How can the state government claim to be aggrieved by Khemka's order if Vadra and DLF are not?\"Gupta added, \"Any such action by the government would be testimony to the patronage extended by it to Vadra and DLF.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16907017", "title": "LeT man killed, had a hand in Delhi HC blast", "text": "SRINAGAR: In a major success, security forces on Sunday shot dead two top Lashkar-e-Taiba militants, including an accused in the Delhi high court blast case, during an encounter in Sopore area of Kashmir.\"Two bodies have been recovered from the debris of the house where the militants were hiding. One of them has been identified as Muzammil alias Urfi, a self-styled divisional commander of Lashkar,\" a police spokesman said.Muzammil was one of the militants wanted in connection with the blast inside the HC last year in which 17 people were killed. He was also involved in a series of attacks on security forces and civilian killings in north Kashmir, the spokesman said.The other slain militant has been identified as Abdullah Shaheen, a resident of Pakistan, he said.Three security men \u2014 an assistant sub-inspector, an Army jawan and a CRPF jawan \u2014 were injured in the encounter that began in Chanakhan locality of Sopore, 52km from here, in Baramulla district on Saturday.Security forces had cordoned off the Chanakhan locality following a tip-off about the presence of militants in the area. The house in which the militants were hiding was razed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16912438", "title": "Don't give mobile phones to girls, BSP MP Rajpal Singh Saini says", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) Rajya Sabha MP Rajpal Singh Saini has landed in a controversy following his statement, at a public meeting in Muzaffarnagar district of Uttar Pradesh (UP), that woman and children, particularly girls, should not be given mobile phones because it \"only invites trouble.\"Though Saini blamed the media for twisting his statement after it was aired and drew flak from all quarters, the video footage shows Saini saying that he has been asking people in all his public interactions not to allow girls, women and children use mobile phone. Recently, he said that he had met a father of a girl who was kidnapped. He came to know that the father had given a mobile phone to the girl.Saini said that he told the father that giving cell phones to girls only invites trouble. The BSP MP said, \"I exhort people in every public interaction that our mothers and sisters did not have mobile phones but did they die because of it.\" Saini said that his own mother, wife, sister and daughter never used cell phones and all were doing well in life. He said that men could allow their mobile phones to be used by children, girls and women in the house in case they need to talk to somebody on an important issue.A senior BSP leader when contacted refused to comment over the issue and described Saini's statement as his personal view. However, sources in the party said that BSP chief Mayawati was angry after she saw the news and directed senior leaders to ask Saini to take 'corrective measures'.The statement has invited widespread criticism by several women organisations, members of the National Women Commission and Samajwadi Party (SP).Later, Saini issued a press release stating that the news channels had shown the edited version of his statement. \"I was quoted out of context. I had said that the students upto a certain age should be discouraged from using mobile phones as it distracts them from studies. I am in favour of women and girls carrying cell phones, particularly when they venture out of house for some work, because it helps them to call their family members in case of an emergency,\" he clarified in the press release.While Saini did 'damage control' as directed by the party's top brass, the issue is not new in Muzaffarnagar which falls in west UP. The area, despite economic progress, still has a highly patriarchal society and is known for Taliban like diktats issued by Khap panchayats.In July, a panchayat in Bagpat district had banned love marriages, barred women below 40 years of age from going out for shopping and girls from using mobile phones. The region is also known for honour killings and female foeticide. Major political parties avoid commenting on panchayat diktats.Sushil Kumar, a social activist, said that politicians in west UP publicly say that they are in favour of freedom for women but in private follow and support the diktats of Khap panchayats. He said that politicians, including those who have studied abroad, do not speak against panchayats and patriarchal traditions as it would lead to electoral losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "miryalaguda", "code": "16908438", "title": "Harassed by eve-teasers, student commits suicide", "text": "MIRYALAGUDA: A harassed degree student committed suicide in Miryalaguda in Nalgonda district on Sunday.According to the police, Harika, who was a first year B Sc student of a local college, was being harassed by some youths for some days. Unable to tolerate the harassment, she hanged herself in her house.Relatives staged a dharna with the body of the girl at the local bus stand, demanding stern action against the eve-teasers.They said they had approached the cops a month ago seeking action against the pestering youths but no action was taken against the accused. \"Harika complained in the police station a month ago. But the harassment of the youths increased after that. Anguished over their behaviour, she took the extreme step,\" a relative said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16907927", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation mulls subway linking both sides of railway station", "text": "NAGPUR: Though this may sound an improbable task but if implemented, it has the potential to solve traffic problems witnessed around the Nagpur railway station. Keeping on hold its earlier proposal to construct a foot-over-bridge, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is now planning a subway which will link the western and eastern sides of the railway station. Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane has mooted the proposal in the meeting held with the divisional railway manager of Central Railway Brijesh Dixit.Confirming this, Wardhane told TOI that the plan is in very initial stage. \"When I came to know about the proposal to construct the FOB, I thought constructing a subway on the lines of CST, Mumbai, would be an ideal option. NMC may ask the CST subway's consultant to prepare a feasibility report. The proposal would be prepared only if the subway plan is feasible,\" he said.Sources told TOI that NMC proposed the Central Railway to share expenses of the subway to make it feasible. \"However, the railway officials expressed their difficulties. The NMC may not go for such a big expense unless it receives funds from one of the government's schemes like the JNNURM or other. The subway may be feasible if it is constructed on BOT basis or shops are allotted in the subway,\" said sources.The Central Railway had urged the NMC to construct a FoB at Jaistambh Square for the convenience of passengers in April this year. Accordingly, NMC was preparing a plan to construct the FoB for connecting the DRM office and three roads, which meet at the square, with the railway station. The proposal to connect the FoB with the platforms was also under consideration. However, the entire plan was in initial stages.Wardhane, who has worked in the state urban development department, has good knowledge about urban planning. He wished to replace the FoB with the subway. He is of the opinion that the FoB may be not feasible, technically as well as financially.Instead, if the subway materializes it might solve many problems, feels Wardhane. The Jaistambh Square witnesses huge and haphazard traffic for most parts of the day as the flyover in front of the railway station, the railway over bridge (ROB) connecting Central Nagpur and Kingsway converge here. Besides, there is no easy connectivity between Santra and Cotton markets with Civil Lines due to which citizens have to either take route from Loha pul direction or use the ROB. The subway would connect these markets directly with the railway station's platforms and also to Civil Lines through Kingsway.Meanwhile, the Central Railway has given approval for laying water pipeline at three stretches of its route at Godhani, Narendra Nagar and Kalamna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907751", "title": "Builder told to pay Rs 23L to shopkeeper", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission recently ordered a builder to hand over a 245 sq ft shop in Navi Mumbai along with Rs 5 lakh compensation to a man who had bought the property in 1996 but never received possession. Alternatively, the builder will have to give the buyer Rs 18.21 lakh, the market value of the shop along with Rs 5 lakh compensation.In July 1996, Anil Dighe had booked the shop worth Rs 3.43 lakh to be constructed by M/s Subham Commercial Enterprises Pvt Ltd. The possession of the shop was to be delivered in June 1997 and he made a payment of Rs 2.05 lakh over the years.The builder did not complete the construction and didn't obtain the occupation certificate and the completion certificate. Even when Dighe approached the builder, there was no response. He filed the complaint in the commission in 2010.The builder contended that after paying a few instalments Dighe defaulted and did not adhere to the payment clause.The commission observed that the various letters written by the builder to Dighe for making the payment are not accompanied by the architect's certificate showing the stage of construction. The commission said that Dighe cannot be blamed for not paying the remaining amount as the builder has not communicated the stages of construction. \"It establishes the deficiency in service on the part of the opponents. From the evidence available in the complaint compilation, we are doubtful whether the opponents will complete the construction and hand over the possession of the shop to the complainant,\" the commission said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907764", "title": "Documents of trio in 4kg gold loot case fake", "text": "JAIPUR: Police investigating the case in which three persons had duped an MI Road-baseds jeweller of 4kg gold were put on the back foot after the documents submitted by the trio turned out to be fake.One of the fraudsters, a woman, had submitted an identification document saying her name is Manisha Mehta while renting an office in Salimar Complex where the fraud took place. However, police found that she had posted her photo on a fake identification document mentioning that she is from Surat in Gujarat. The matter came to light when a police team rushing to Surat found that both the name and the address were fictitious.Police are now suspecting involvement of the trio in a fraud case in Surat in the past.Commissioner of police B L Soni told TOI that his department is in touch with the Surat police. \"They are co-operating with us. Some clues have come up and the probe is moving ahead on their basis. We hope to crack the case soon,\" Soni said.Three persons, identifying themselves as Rakesh Mehta, his wife Manisha, and Jitendra Mehta had defrauded a prominent MI Road-based jeweller of 4 kg of gold worth nearly Rs 1.25 crore at Vidhayakpuri area on Saturday.The accused, pretending to be owners of a firm named Mehta Investment, called the jeweller's son Deepak Mosun to their office in Shalimar Complex saying they would buy gold bars from them. On pretext of checking whether the gold was genuine, they went into another cabin with the bag containing the gold and replaced it with iron bars. They then gave the bag back to Deepak and told him they would withdraw money for buying the gold from the bank.Police have cited negligence on the part of the jeweller too. \"The entire incident took place around 3.30 pm. Deepak realised the fraud around 4.30 pm; however, the police were informed two hours later. It gave the thugs enough time to disappear,\" a police officer said, adding the jeweller should not have believed them so easily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16909102", "title": "Government to seek review of steep airport charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: A massive 12.4% slump in domestic passenger traffic in September - over the same month last year - has set off alarm bells in the government. Worried about the potentially disastrous impact it could have on already ailing airlines, the aviation ministry will ask the Airports Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) to review airport charges as high user development fees levied on passengers is being seen as a deterrent to flying.\"The user development fee (UDF), especially at Delhi airport, is quite high and needs to be reviewed. We will make a reference to AERA for that,\" said a highly placed source in the ministry. Airlines, foreign and domestic, consider Delhi the most expensive airport in Asia.While September 2011 saw 45.9 lakh flying within the country, the number fell to 40.2 lakh last month. Steep airport charges and fares amid a slowing economy is seen to be behind the double digit fall.Fear of flyingSeptember 2011 saw 45.9 lakh flying within the country, this number fell to 40.2 lakh last month. Besides Kingfisher fiasco and AI bleeding, aviation ministry feels high airport charges deterring flyers. Delhi among costliest airports in the world; only airport to levy UDF on incoming passengers as well.Airlines see Delhi among costliest airportsThe move to seek review of airport charges comes within days of the aviation ministry realizing that its order to scrap airport development fee (ADF) in Delhi and Mumbai may not translate into cheaper flying. Airport authorities and the Airports Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) had warned that it could lead to higher UDF for flyers and an overall hike in aeronautical charges on airlines, which would be passed on to flyers.Airlines, foreign and domestic, consider Delhi among the costliest airports in the world and the most expensive one in Asia. It is also the only airport levying UDF on incoming passengers as well. \"Such high charges prevent traffic from growing and thus make it difficult for Delhi to compete with nearby Asian airports like Dubai or Kuala Lumpur in becoming a big regional hub. It's high time the government intervened,\" said an airline official.The ongoing Kingfisher fiasco, and the burden of keeping Air India alive on thousands of crores of taxpayers' money, has made it clear that the government will have to improve the cost environment for airlines.\"Kingfisher and Air India may be suffering from mismanagement and lack of proper business model, but even airlines believed to be run professionally are struggling to survive. The price of aviation turbine fuel (ATF) in India alone is enough to kill an airline,\" admitted a senior official.The government has allowed airlines to import jet fuel and use oil companies' infrastructure, but these steps haven't gone very far. Aviation minister Ajit Singh has yet again asked the finance ministry to put ATF in the declared goods category so that it attracts a uniform low rate of sales tax across all states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16912188", "title": "50-year-old Corrine Rasquinha feeds the city and believes no one should go hungry", "text": "MANGALORE: When most people in the city rush home after a day's work, 50-year-old Corrine Rasquinha goes to railway stations, bus stops and other places in search of the poor and the hungry and serves them free food. For the past 18 years, this has been the routine of this political science postgraduate.Every day she serves free food to poor patients in government hospitals and over 60 labourers who come to the city in search of greener pastures.A breast cancer and Hepatitis B survivor, Rasquinha visits hospitals and interacts with cancer patients to help them overcome their fear of death. She also provides financial assistance to children battling cancer, helps them complete their education and also pays medical bills of several poor patients.To carry forward her activities she founded White Doves, a non-governmental organization. The NGO runs two homes for the destitute in the district and at present, it gives shelter, food and medical treatment to 85 people. Rasquinha also takes time out to reunite the destitute with their families. So far, she has reunited 45 persons with their families in Madhya Pradesh , Bhopal , Kolkata and other places.With the help of like-minded people she has built six houses for the poor and two more houses are under construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16908767", "title": "City hospital accused of indiscriminate disposal of medical waste", "text": "COIMBATORE: In yet another incident of illegal dumping of medical waste mixed with solid municipal waste , a light green polythene bio bag was found along with garbage containing one kilogram of medical waste. The bag contained used blood bags, IV tubes, soaked cotton and used syringes. Corporation officials claimed on Sunday evening that based on the blood bag numbers they traced the origin of the medical waste bag to a hospital in Thudiyalur. The health section of the civic body plans to issue a public health notice to the medical facility.\"We have found that the blood bags were used at a private hospital in Thudiyalur. We will issue a notice under Public Health Act 1936 and would seek an explanation from the hospital authorities within the next 14 days,\" said Dr R Sumathi, Chief Health Officer, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.According to corporation officials, the biomedical waste was found in a green plastic bag inside a garbage collection truck deployed by the civic body. The green bag is generally used for disposing normal garbage and waste from hospitals while bio medical waste is segregated in yellow and red coloured bags depending on the nature of the waste. Some residents had tipped off corporation officials that the garbage truck contained bio medical waste.\"We found the medical waste mixed along with regular garbage in the truck. Appropriate action will be taken against the responsible hospital,\" said TK Ponnusamy, Commissioner, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.Initially the civic body officials claimed that the bio medical waste was dumped from a private orthopedic specialty hospital on Mettupalayam road but later claimed that the waste was disposed from Shri Lakshmi Medical Centre and Hospital in Thudiyalur. The blood bags were issued from a private facility, Swaasam blood bank near Aavarampalayam to the hospital to conduct a surgery earlier this month.\"We give our bio medical waste regularly to the authorised Technotherm for disposal. It has been brought to our notice that the blood bags were found at the dump yard. But we did not dispose it off along with regular waste since we already pay for its disposal,\" said Dr Suresh Kumar , Chairman, Sri Lakshmi Medical Centre and Hospital, Thudiyalur.Meanwhile, the representatives of Techno Therm, the private agency involved in collection and disposal of medical waste in Coimbatore city also claimed that the Thudiyalur based hospital was one of their clients from whom they regularly collect medical waste for incineration.\"We are involved in regular collection and disposal of medical waste from all major hospitals in the city including the Thudiyalur based Sri Lakshmi Medical Centre. This seems to be an isolated incident,\" said S Sudhakar, partner, Techno Therm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "what an end", "code": "16911911", "title": "Party animals in the barn", "text": "What an end: The weeklong festivities of a club in the city came to an end with a bang with a barnyard party. The do saw members of the club dressed as farm ha nds in cowboy hats, boots, jeans and checked shirts. The women also complemented them with most wearing hats, boots and skirtsThe hunt for the winner: The guests were entertained by various competitions organized for them. The members were divided into five teams and each team had to sing, perform a group dance and each member had to showcase his or her talent to win the prize for the best team. The judges, Namrata Bhardwaj, Lalit Srivastava and Simran Sahni had a tough time choosing the winners. Finally, the Dabangg team won the coveted prize. The evening ended with a brilliant fir cracker display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16913007", "title": "State\u2019s NET coaching plan runs into rough weather", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government's coaching programme for NET aspirants has hit a roadblock even before its launch. BJB College has turned down the state government's proposal to run one of the coaching centres on the campus.\"We are an undergraduate college. Preparation for NET is not relevant here because the test is for PG students,\" BJB College principal Suresh Patnaik told TOI.Patnaik, who wrote the 'rejection' letter to the higher education department earlier this week, said the college infrastructure is overburdened to allow another coaching centre on the campus.Students and college authorities elsewhere too don't seem very keen on the proposed coaching. Only 10 students have shown interest for the coaching in GM College so far. \"Nobody knows the past track records of the agency. Our money and time may go to waste,\" said a GM College student.GM College principal Gangadhar Mishra, however, is hopeful more students will come forward after puja vacation. \"I think many students will come forward for the coaching when the college re-opens,\" Mishra said.To improve Odia students' performance in the National Eligibility Test (NET) conducted by University Grants Commission (UGC), the state government is planning to launch an ambitious programme of imparting coaching classes to post graduate students. Qualifying NET is the minimum eligibility criteria for a college/university teacher's job.Government authorities argue that such a coaching programme will maximize the state's performance at the NET. \"Only two per cent PG students in Odisha qualify for NET not because our students are not brilliant but because they are not acquainted with the NET pattern. The coaching will motivate and orient them towards NET,\" said higher education minister Badrinarayan Patra.Only 45 students from Odisha had cleared NET in 2011 out of around 4,000 students who took the test. Currently, colleges and universities have around 1,200 vacancies considering sanctioned posts.The actual requirement of college teachers is said to be over 3,500. Since the government is planning to open new evening colleges and universities to improve gross enrolment ratio, the need of NET qualified teachers will go up further.The government has engaged OJAS Education System, a private organization, to offer the coaching at four autonomous colleges: BJB College (Bhubaneswar), GM College (Sambalpur), Khalikote College (Berhampur) and FM College (Balasore).OJAS will conduct the two-month coaching for a fee of around Rs 7,000. OJAS, in association with a Chandigarh-based institution, was supposed to start the coaching later this month.Educationists feel the coaching may not be of big help anyway.\"I am sceptical about the success of such a plan. The government should fill up college vacancies by posting ad hoc faculty members forthwith and restore proper teaching in colleges. Without proper classroom teaching, these short-term coaching classes are not going to help students excel at the national level,\" said Utkal University PG Council chairman P K Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912975", "title": "Old magazines at dentist\u2019s clinic spread germs", "text": "Magazines in the waiting room can provide a welcome distraction before facing the dentist, but they could do more harm than good by spreading germs, infection experts have claimed.Experts insist that magazines should be thrown out or recycled after just a week and not left out to be leafed through by patients for a very long timeThe advice was handed out to Monica Symes, a dentist in Lyme Regis, Dorset, by an NHS infection control worker.The 65-year-old was also warned that ignoring it could lead to her failing an inspection by the Care Quality Commission.\"I can't believe the magazines would pose any risk to patients,\" the Daily mail quoted Symes as saying.Symes, who has been practising since the past 30 years, has some magazines dating back to 2004.\"Generally we try to keep up-to-date but plenty of old magazines are quite interesting,\" she said.The adviser, from Dorset Primary Care Trust, also warned Symes that Blu-tack on posters in her waiting room posed a health risk if re-used.The General Dental Council said it was heavy-handed to wage war on magazines.\"Providing magazines in waiting rooms for patients is a good way of helping them relax and can ease the concerns of anxious individuals,\" Dr John Milne, chairman of the organisation's general practice committee, said.He added that posters are used to give advice on oral health or provide information about the surgery and its services.The Care Quality Commission stressed that it has not banned magazines from waiting rooms, or set any rules about Blu-Tack.\"The only time these things would be an issue would be if they were used in such a way as to compromise someone using the service - and it's pretty hard to see what these circumstances might be,\" a spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914708", "title": "Emma Watson to return to Brown University", "text": "It's the end of the road for Emma Watson's unofficial gap year as Emma Watson is said to be returning to America's Brown University in January for her third attempt at getting an English degree.The 22-year-old actress, enrolled there in 2010 but dropped out to work on the final Harry Potter film.She then transferred to Oxford University for another stab in 2011, saying at the time she loves studying 'more than anything'.But on landing a role in The Perks Of Being A Wallflower, she dropped out to concentrate on grown-up films.\"Emma is planning on returning to studies in January,\" a spokesman told the Daily Mail. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907739", "title": "Japanese agency to aid government in controlling vector-borne diseases", "text": "JAIPUR: A Japanese agency has decided to help the state government in controlling vector-borne diseases. The medical, health and family welfare department with the help of Japan International Cooperative Agency (JICA), would construct gambusia fish hatcheries in 20 districts, which are vulnerable to the mosquito-borne diseases. Gambusia fish grows fast and multiplies in very little time. The fish eats the larvae of the mosquitoes in water bodies. Health director Dr BR Meena said, \"We have plans to increase the number of gambusia fish hatcheries in the state with the funds from JICA.\"He said that there are already many hatcheries in the state but the new hatcheries would help in intensifying fight against vector-borne diseases. The department has sought details from districts about existing hatcheries and also the possibilities to develop natural water bodies into gambusia hatcheries.As of now, the department has prepared a list of 20 such districts in the western and eastern parts of the state. At each of the 20 districts there would be a mother hatchery and one small hatchery would be constructed at the community health centre or primary heath centre area. In the coming days, the medical, health and family welfare department would use gambusia fish in a big way to check the spread of vector-borne diseases.Meena said, \"We will add gambusia fish in the pond where mosquitoes lay eggs and later the eggs develop into larvae. The gambusia fish will eat the larvae hence preventing the spread of mosquitoes in the district.\"A department official said that JICA has approved funds of Rs 40 lakh for the hatcheries. He said the Japanese agency wanted to control spread of malaria without using chemicals. The use of gambusia fish is a more natural way of keeping a check on the spread of mosquito-borne diseases.Recently, Rajasthan State Action Plan on Climate Change (RAPCC) report was prepared by the Rajasthan State Pollution Control Board where it was mentioned that vector-borne diseases are probably the most sensitive to changes in climate parameters. Malaria is a major health problem in Rajasthan, especially in the north-western part of the state. Dengue and chikungunya are the other major diseases in the state. The report stated that the period of vector-borne diseases in Rajasthan would increase with the change in climatic conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16907893", "title": "Auto dealers load non-existent 'RTO charges' on customers", "text": "NAGPUR: Automobile dealers across Maharashtra can now charge road tax, excise duty and VAT on any new vehicle they sell. As per transport commissioner's notification dated May 1, 2012, the dealers can also charge customer for preparing smart card registration certificate. However, automobile dealers in Nagpur seem to be overcharging their customers.The RTO fee for smart card is Rs 350 and another Rs 50 towards speedpost. However, automobile dealers are charging Rs 150 to Rs 300 extra from the customers. This is one of the many instances when dealers add charges surreptitiously. Enquiries by TOI from many dealers in city revealed they were collectively charging 'excess' money from gullible customers.There are around 38 dealers for two and four-wheelers in the city. On an average, the city witnesses sale of around 800 four-wheelers and 8800 two-wheelers per month. Modus operandi of dealers is simple - they deliberately mention cumulative amount as 'RTO charges', which includes vehicle registration, issuance of smart card and service charges (if any inspector visits the showroom to inspect the vehicle).A two-wheeler buyer Prashant Dhake (name changed) booked an Honda Activa from the company's local dealership. Dhake was asked to pay Rs 58,520 as on road price of the vehicle, whereas the ex-showroom price was Rs 47,527 (a difference of Rs 10,993). The dealer charged almost Rs 6,000 from Dhake as RTO charges which was about Rs 2,000 more than actual due. Dhake was issued receipt of cumulative amount and not given break-up.Sources said even four wheelers dealers were extracting their pound of flesh. The car purchaser is made to pay Rs 1,500-Rs 10,000 extra in the name of RTO charges. If a consumer buys a Tata Xeta EV2 GLE LPG car with an on-road price of Rs 4,72,299, the dealer would charge about Rs 4,000 more. This overcharging is not only in violation of Rule 30(2) of Motor Vehicle Rules, 1993, but also in contravention of terms and conditions of Trade Certificate and Empowerment of Registering Authorities.A dealer in Civil Lines is charging an additional Rs 3,500 as logistic charges from consumers. The dealers are not supposed to charge handling or logistic charges while selling new automobiles. \"The dealer and officials of transport department are involved in large-scale fraud on customers,\" alleged Sudhir Deshpande of International Society for Road Transport and Safety.\"They make these charges appear like government levy. How can they charge customers when they have not been authorized? Where are the rules in the Motor Vehicles Act that empowers them? It seems the manufacturers have asked the dealers to recover their commission from the buyers,\" feels Desphande.He added, \"the RTO and manufacturer are aware of these illegal charges but take no action. Since the customers are not acquainted with this practice, they end up paying more.\"Despite repeated attempts, president of Vidarbha Automobile Dealers Association Ashish Kale was not available for comment. Representatives from Tajshree Honda (Deo Nagar), Sudarshan Honda (Civil Lines) and Jaika Motors (Civil Lines), whose quotations are with TOI, refused comment saying they were very busy till October 24.RTO Sarjerao Shelke said they had not received any complaint in this regard. \"If a customer complains to us, we will take action against the automobile dealer,\" he said. The RTO clarified that all dealers across the city were recently directed to display boards in their respective showrooms about various charges including RTO fees and insurance amount to be collected from the customer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16913401", "title": "Actor Jackie Shroff to lead Bihar campaign against female feticide", "text": "PATNA: The Bihar government has roped in Bollywood actor Jackie Shroff to lead a campaign against female feticide in the state.Shroff, who met health minister Ashwini Choubey has agreed to lead the campaign against killing of girl child through the state government's scheme 'Bitiya Bacho Andolan' (save the girl child movement) launched in May last year.Shroff promised to create awareness among people to fight the social menace, Choubey said.The minister said the actor who met him on Sunday shared his concern against the social malady and readily accepted the request to be a part of the programme.Taking a cue from Aamir Khan's serial 'Satyamev Jayate', the Bihar government had launched the 'Bitiya Bachao Andolan'.Choubey said involvement of a popular figure like Jackie Shroff would popularise the scheme.The minister said killing of girl child was a crime and should be stopped immediately.He said while people were worshipping Goddess Durga, the girl child in many cases was being killed in the mother's womb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16907636", "title": "12-year-old skater's feat wins praise", "text": "THANE: Nearly a dozen contestants lined up at the skating competition on Saturday. The eventual winner will make it to the zonal event. However, one of the competitorshas already won the crowd's admiration.Pranav Desai (12) stepped into the arena having adjusted his prosthetic left foot. He slipped on the skates without any help, unmindful of the fact that he does not have three fingers on his right hand and two on his left.The Std VI student of Vasant Vihar school stood out from the assembly of participants showing grit. \"Pranav was a blue baby since he was born three months prior to his scheduled date. But that has not affected his competitive spirit as he has been participating in skating competitions in Pune, Mumbai and Thane,\" said his father Prashant Desai. Pranav does not consider his missing limbs as an obstacle.\"I have participated in competitions and play cricket and go cycling with all my friends. I don't feel I am different from others,\" he said.The Desais are proud that Pranav is competing with his peers and displaying greater strength, endurance and determination inside and outside the skating rink.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16907361", "title": "Law student rape: Two accused returned to crime spot to cut sandalwood", "text": "BANGALORE: On Saturday, police announced the arrest of six of the eight culprits in the gang-rape of a 21-year-old undergraduate student of NLSIU in the Bangalore University campus on October 16. Even as the announcement was flashing on TV screens, the two remaining gangsters turned up in the evening at the spot in Jnanabharathi campus where they had committed the crime just a week ago.The absconding men, Rama and Raja, were in the campus with two others, apparently to cut sandalwood trees. When two police patrol teams questioned them, Rama attacked a constable, prompting police to fire in self-defence. Rama was injured in the leg but Raja and two others fled from the scene.Former police officers are puzzled by the fact that Rama and Raja turned up at the same place where they had committed the crime even when police were announcing the arrest of their accomplices. They point out that it is sheer common sense that criminals don't visit the place where they have committed a crime.\"Its elementary human psychology that one would run and hide after committing a crime and get away from the scene of crime where there are chances of any police presence. Even if they happen to be there, they would do so surreptitiously rather than cut trees, a noisy affair,\" a retired police officer said on condition of anonymity.A top city police officer, however, said these men are hardcore criminals. They may not have been aware of the news of the arrest of their associates. The retired officer also pointed out that the sandalwood smugglers came to the campus around 5.30pm. \"Most sandalwood smugglers operate at night. These men were cutting trees in the twilight despite knowing there would be people and police moving around,\" he said.The cracking of the gang-rape case within a week of the crime comes in the wake of police officials initially expressing doubts over the victim's claims, inconclusive findings of medical tests and police trying to subject her friend, the prime witness, to a virility test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "16908754", "title": "Potato cultivatio?n dwindles this season in Nilgiris", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A recent study showing that potato cultivation has been dwindling in Nilgiris has prompted officials from the Horticulture Research Centre and Directorate of Marketing Intelligence Centre to initiate steps to encourage farmers to cultivate potato in the hill district.Potato is cultivated in the Nilgiris in about 1500 acres, every three months. However, farmers generally switch to other vegetables once the potato crop is harvested to maintain the soil standard. According to a survey conducted by the horticulture department, farmers preferred other crops like carrot which is an ideal cash crop. This is because of the risks involved in cultivating potato in the rainy season as it is vulnerable to changes in weather. The cost involved in cultivating carrot is less than that of potato. While it costs around Rs 65,000 to cultivate an acre with potato, it is only Rs 25,000 for cultivating carrot in an acre.N Selvaraj, President, Horticulture Research Centre said, \"This time the area of cultivation of potato has declined as farmers seem to prefer cash crops like carrot where the investment is low. Also, potato is vulnerable to climatic changes where excess rains and high humidity, expected this season, may affect yield\". Carrot seed are cheaply available. This is not the case with potato. Besides, seedlings sometimes need to be shipped from North India, which adds to the cost.The potato research centre in Ooty and the Horticulture Research centre produce potato seedling in their farms which are sold to farmers at a nominal price which is at least 30 percent less than the open market price. Currently, they have 10 tonnes of four varieties of seeds. Potato varieties like 'Kufrigiridari', 'Kufrijothi',' Kufrigiriraj' and 'Kufriswarna' are recommended by the horticulture research centre for cultivation as this autumn crop. \"This 'Kadai bogum' is a very important cultivation as its yield is the source of seedlings for the main crop in April and May,\" said Selvaraj. According to him, seeds procured from North India contain Aphids, a kind of virus, which affects yield.The Directorate of Marketing Intelligence Centre in TNAU has come out with a forecast for procurement price for potato this season. According to their analysis, the yield in December - January would fetch farmers Rs.20-22 per kg. This forecast is based on analysis of the selling price of potato in the Nilgiris Cooperative Marketing Society for the past 22 years.According to records, potato, an important food staple and the number one vegetable crop in the world, was cultivated in 18.10 lakh hectares in India during 2011-12 and the production amounted to 413 lakh tonnes. According to National Horticulture Research and Development Commission, in Tamil Nadu , about 62,940 tonnes of potato was produced in an area of 2,950 hectares during 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909225", "title": "With more judges retiring, Madras high court backlog likely to go up", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court, which has been topping the national chart for the highest disposal of pending cases for the past few years, may find it difficult to repeat the feat this year or the next.Reason: the 60-judge high court is grappling with vacancies following the retirement of 10 judges. In 2013, a dozen more judges will retire. The last person to retire this year will be Justice P Jyothimani . He will retire on October 25.In 2012, only one judge was added to the sitting strength. With no new names having been finalized so far, the prospect of the court losing its top position in disposing of cases is imminent. Given the fact that it takes anywhere between six months and one year for one batch of short-listed candidates forwarded to the Supreme Court to be cleared, the process of making new appointments is bound to take time.Usually, a collegium of judges, comprising three senior-most judges of the court, evaluates the courtroom performance and off-court conduct of candidates, short-lists them, obtains their nod and recommends their names to the apex court for appointment . As various state agencies, governments and ministries are involved, it takes several months to decide the list.The largest batch of 17 judges was appointed to Madras high court in December 2005, and in March 2009 another 14 judges were sworn in. By 2009-end , the court was nearing its full complement of 60 judges, and it was reflected in the high case disposal rate too.As the elevation of Chief Justice M Y Eqbal to the Supreme Court is said to be only a matter of time, the need to put together a list has become all the more urgent , because a new chief justice may take time to fill vacancies. Conventionally , a three-month period is taken before a new chief justice recommends anyone for appointment as judge.It is no secret that a long list of biodatas obtained from eligible advocates is pending before senior judges. \"It is not just a job. It is a constitutional position , which is made on invitation and not by application,\" a former judge said, disapproving of advocates lining themselves up to be appointed judges. \"To maintain the judicial tempo and to end endless wait of eligible candidates, the high court should sew up a list and dispatch it as early as it can,\" he added.Adequate representation of women advocates soughtThere is no dearth of names though . Already advocates' associations and social forums have started discussing the names likely to figure in next list. While Women Lawyers Association president D Prasanna has sought adequate representation for women advocates in the bench , the Advocates Forum for Social Justice president K Balu has reminded the judiciary about its duty to accommodate candidates from under-represented sections of society .It will be a challenge communal , political , governmental and regional aspirations and expectations while preparing the list.Though the non-transparent system has no quota scheme as such, efforts are always made to ensure that the list represents all sections and regions of the state .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16910285", "title": "Yash Chopra wasn\u2019t responding to treatment, say docs", "text": "Nine days after he was diagnosed with dengue and taken to hospital, iconic filmmaker Yash Chopra passed away at Lilavati Hospital following multi-organ failure on Sunday evening. Chopra was 80.Sources at Lilavati said that Chopra - who was brought in on October 13 - had not been responding to treatment at all. \"On day one, he was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) and put on the ventilator. His wife Pamela and son Aditya were by his side round the clock,\" a source told TOI.Chopra was under the care of Dr Prakash Jiandani, specialist in the critical care unit.\"He had already developed acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) when he was brought to the hospital,\" a doctor said. \"Apart from that, other organs like his kidney and liver had also stopped functioning.\"The doctor added his platelet count was 44,000 when admitted and the count kept going down drastically. On Saturday, Oct 20, it had dropped to an alarming 15,000. The normal count in a healthy person is 1,50,000-4,50,000.Doctors at the hospital also pointed out that in cases of dengue, treatment should ideally start as soon as possible. However, in Chopra's case, 48 hours had already passed at the time he was brought to Lilavati. Chances of survival, at such a critical stage, and given his age, were slim, his family was told.At 5.40 pm on Sunday, the doctors broke the news of his passing away due to multi-organ failure to his son Aditya.Shah Rukh Khan, who hosted a televised interaction with Yash Chopra three weeks ago, was the first to reach the hospital with his son Aryan. Shah Rukh also left with the ambulance carrying Chopra's body at around 9pm. That day on stage, Chopra had spoken to him about his latest film, his retirement, and his plans to spend more time with his family. Jab Tak Hai Jaan, starring Shah Rukh, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma , is slated for a Dilwali release, and only the title song remains to be shot.Dilip Kumar and Saira Banu , Vishal Dadlani, Parmeet Sethi and Archana Puran Singh, Rani Mukerji and her mother were also among the first at the hospital.The body, we've learnt, will be kept at YRF Studio from 9 am to noon for people to pay their last respects, while the cremation will be at Pawan Hans, Juhu at 3pm. \u2014 Inputs by Prachi Kadam", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "16908485", "title": "Search for robbed gold on tracks ends in tragedy for mother, daughter", "text": "WARANGAL: In a tragic incident, a woman and her daughter who were searching for their lost gold chains on the railway tracks were mowed down by a train between Kazipet-Vijayawada in the early hours of Sunday.The mutilated bodies of Tatipamula Prameela, 55, and her daughter Anitha, 28, were found by relatives beside the tracks near Tallapusalapally village later in the day.The women had gone to the village in the early hours to retrieve their gold chains which fell on the tracks after robbers tried to snatch them.Prameela and Anitha boarded a train at Warangal station on Saturday evening to go to Mahabubabad for taking part in the Saddula Bathukamma celebrations.When the train reached Tallapusalapally, the robbers tried to snatch their mangalasutras from their necks and in the scuffle, the gold chains fell on the tracks.\"Since it was night time, the women did not pull the chain. They came back to the village on Sunday morning in a passenger train to salvage the gold chains. But fate played a cruel joke as both were run over by the Navjeevan Express,\" an official said.Sources said the victims had found one gold chain and two small gold 'pusalu' (beads). They continued their search for the mangalasutras. It was during the search that the Navjeevan Express ran over them. Both died on the spot.The railway police have registered a case and sent the bodies for postmortem to Mahabubabad, which is close to the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16911958", "title": "Kids who spend more time online see world only in 2D", "text": "LONDON: The culture of encouraging children to use computers from their earliest years is harming their brains, experts have warned.Baroness Greenfield from Oxford University issued a stark warning over the growing trend of primary school age children spending hours on keyboards and 'juvenile social networking'.According to her, children cooped up indoors staring at screens were likely to have a 'different mindset' as compared to who played out.She also said that children who spend hours online every day grow up only seeing the world in 2D, whereas those with a proper balance between computer use and the wider environment 'live in 3D'.The neuroscientist's warning comes days after a study revealed how more than a quarter of children aged just nine and ten have their own profile on social networking sites like Facebook, Bebo, Myspace or Twitter.Studies have also warned that today's children are reading less than previous generations.\"There are attempts to get every young child into juvenile social networking under parental supervision, but they are not protected by anyone saying kids are too young to be on the internet,\" the Daily Mail quoted Baroness Greenfield as saying.\"One shouldn't be surprised if a child playing in a park or in the street has a different mindset from a child limited to their room. I am worried about what amount of time a child spends in front of a screen. I feel they are not living a full life, they are living a 2D life,\" she said.She said that the brain is \"exquisitely sensitive to the environment. Therefore it is crucial to think about what environment young children are in. The 21st century environment is unprecedented.\"\"The issue for parents and teachers and for all of us as a society is to shape the environment for children so that it's appealing to a child not to sit in front of the computer, so that they choose to live in 3D,\" she told the Times Educational Supplement.\"I'd like to see the computer reclaimed as a means to an end, not an end in itself,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16911376", "title": "Steal from Google, govt exec tells start-ups", "text": "LONDON: Founder of leisure website, lastminute.com, Martha Lane Fox has urged companies in the UK to \" steal from Google\" and put the internet as a priority in all their decisions, so as to ensure a long-term future.\"If you're considering a new aspect of your business or changing an existing process, think internet first. If you were starting your company now, you would put the internet first. That's what will make businesses robust into the future,\" The Telegraph quoted Fox, as saying.According to the paper, Fox said that while companies have invested in their customer-facing websites, there is far more they could be doing online that would save them money and help them expand.\"Going online for buying, dealing with suppliers and other more back room processes is not there,\" she said.In her government role pushing for wider internet access in the UK, Fox also stressed that getting more people online would \"unleash entrepreneurialism and increase skills.\"\"Anyone can start a business\" because the barriers are lower when you start online, she said. \"A kid can build an app in a bedroom and become a success,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16907643", "title": "Showdown looms as cops descend upon Mandur", "text": "BANGALORE: The garbage crisis threatened to take an ugly turn on Sunday when police were called in to end protests by villagers in Mandur. Angry villagers at the landfill site, off Old Madras Road, near Hoskote, blocked BBMP trucks from dumping waste and refused to heed warnings by the huge police contingent posted in the village. The BBMP had on Saturday said dumping would resume in Mandur since it had no other option.As the demonstrators mounted a night-long vigil and policemen pitched camp at the spot, civic sources hinted that the villagers could be taken into preventive custody later in the night to allow dumping to resume.\"We are ready to go jail to save our village from the garbage menace. We have not agreed to the dumping. We won't change our decision at any cost,\" said M Munegowda, a resident of Mandur.But the BBMP said: \"The garbage has to be dumped somewhere. We have no other option left. Till the process of segregation at source stabilizes and biofuel units are set up, we have to send the mixed waste out of Bangalore,\" said a senior officer in the civic body.BBMP commissioner Rajneesh Goel claimed that representatives of Mandur had agreed to allow dumping in the village. \"We are not just dumping; we will be setting up waste-processing units at the landfill. Over 220 trucks per days will be sent to Mandur from Sunday night.\"Even as the situation at Mandur turned grave, deputy chief minister R Ashoka blamed realtors for the resistance at the landfills. He said: \"They are not villagers but outsiders who have no role. We will initiate appropriate action to ensure that they don't meddle with the BBMP work.\"At around 11am, police warned the protesting Mandur villagers to call off their protests, failing which a lathicharge would be ordered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16914676", "title": "Authorities keep tabs on hygiene at food stalls", "text": "RANCHI: Come Durga Puja and pandal premises are peppered with food stalls selling a wide array of street food. The marketing mantra is simple but effective: Whoever comes pandal-hopping, is drawn to the stalls, as the aroma wafting from their kitchens assails their senses and leads them to the stalls for a quick bite. From chowmien, golgappa, chaat, dosa to icecreams, you name it and they've got it. While the prices are an added attraction, the hygiene levels are questionable.While some stalls are stringent about hygiene, for a vast majority of them hygiene is last on their tick list. Many of them are situated next to open drains and have dogs moving around to feast on the leftovers.Director-in-chief, food safety department, TP Barnawal said, \"An order has been issued to the food inspectors asking them to collect samples from various food stalls and send them to our laboratory. The work is underway and the samples are coming to the laboratory. We are checking them and the stalls whose food do not meet the given parametres will be shut down.\"ACMO Dr N N Sengupta who is in charge of checking the food quality is himself patrolling various areas. \"Wherever I found food being prepared in unhygienic conditions, I gave the stall owners a warning asking them to improve the conditions or face a forced shut down. Since it is festive time, we cannot force them to shut the stall immediately on humanitarian grounds.\"The Ranchi Municipal Corporation is also trying to maintain hygiene around the food stalls. Health officer of RMC Dr Rajan Singh said, \"We will be giving dustbins to every stall owner. Our workers will be deployed throughout the city to keep the area where food is cooked, clean. Once the crowd disperses, proper cleaning will be undertaken.\"The medical director of Gurunanak Hospital Dr N N Agarwal said that both the administration as well as those consuming food from these roadside stalls should be careful during festive times. \"If the food is unhygienic, it could lead to health problems. In such a situation, the health authorities should be on vigil and check the quality and hygiene of the food stalls.\"People should make sure that they are eating at a place were food is properly covered. They should also avoid semi-cooked food, cautioned Dr Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16914457", "title": "Why Britons prefer shopping offline", "text": "LONDON: Most Britons are using smartphones to research high street purchases before buying them physically from branded stores, a new survey has revealed.The survey, YouGov for mobile shopping app Udozi, found that a quarter of smartphone users and more than a third of tablet owners said they research their shopping on their device and then go to High Streets to make their purchases.According to the survey, 44 percent of British shoppers say that they would do more shopping online if it weren't for delivery fees, while two-fifths of Britons said they would rather shop in a physical store than online.\"Even though a large chunk of online Brits now own internet-enabled devices that they can make purchases from, mobile and online alone simply can't compensate for the in-store shopping experience, as the majority of people still want to 'try before they buy' and speak to experts in-store,\" the Telegraph quoted Alan Gabbay, Udozi's founder, as saying.The survey, which covered more than 2,000 people in the UK, also found that people would use their smartphones for shopping more often if they could reserve items to collect in their local store.Almost a quarter of those surveyed, 24 percent, said the online shopping experience itself was what put them off, the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16908420", "title": "People throng Patna Durga Puja pandals", "text": "PATNA: The Durga Puja aura was clearly visible on Mahasaptami. Continuous blaring of 'bhakti' songs from different puja pandals, colourful lights, glittering decorations, huge pandals and beautiful idols filled every heart in the city with devotion. Pandal hoppers were out on the streets from morning itself and were seen thronging various pandals across the city till late night.Traffic was normal in the morning across the city, with few diversions and one-ways. But as the day progressed and the crowd swelled near pandals, the cops started diverting vehicular movement as planned. The vehicular movement was slow throughout the day at Dak Bungalow, Kadam Kuan, Boring Road and Patna City. With the crowd increasing in the evening, vehicular movement came to a halt from the Dak Bungalow crossing to Kotwali station. Those who wished to go to Bailey road from Gandhi Maidan had to take the alternative route via Patna Museum and those coming from Nala road preferred going via Patna junction.The measures taken by traffic cops seems to be working and traffic movement was smooth on the first day at all places that did not have any pandals near them. The stretch from Sheikhpura to Rukanpura, Ashok Rajpath to Sabzi Bagh and Nala Road was having slow traffic near every pandal.Like previous years, this year too there are some pandals with unique features spread across the city to welcome and surprise the visitors. The jute pandal at Dak Bungalow is the biggest hit of the year. A fair at Sheikhpura attracted kids while the pink-coloured Durga at Kadam Kuan Shiv Mandir was among the most beautiful idols.Sindoor game at Jagdeo Path, laser show at Rukanpura, Raja Bazar's pandal symbolizing Himalayas, and moving idol of goddess Durga killing a monster with fireballs at Sheikhpura were among the major draws this year. Besides, Badi Patan Devi, chalti-firti-bolti devi at Marufganj, Chandi Ki Devi at Sonar Toli, Kalibari and the Kali temple at Darbhanga house attracted a large number of devotees throughout the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907989", "title": "Banasthali University hid facts, locked up molestation victims", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan's State Women Commission has indicted the Banasthali University management for suppressing facts about the molestation of two girls in the University campus in September leading to demonstrations by the students which paralyzed the University for almost a week.The commission submitted its probe report to chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Sunday and urged him to direct the police to take appropriate action. The report suggests that majority of the top positions in Banasthali University are held by members of a single family and they tried to suppress news of the incident to save their skin. The role of the police is also under the scanner.The report alleged that the Banasthali administration hid information, misrepresented facts and tampered with evidence. \"Initially, they refused to share information on the unrest. Our team had to use judicial powers to access information, which shows the dark face of the University,\" said Lad Kumari Jain, chairman of the State Women Commission in a press conference on Sunday. The report also revealed that between August and September 2012 around 213 girls left the University in the middle of a session, indicating the need of a thorough probe.The committee found that the molestation bid took place on the evening of September 13, followed by a written complaint to the hostel warden Lalita Rautela on September 15. Rautela reported the matter to V-C Aditya Shastri on October 4 after students protested.To cover the University's poor response, Shastri told reporters he was on leave from September 15 to October 4, which turned out to be a lie. Jain backed his assertion with University attendance and raised concern for both victims who had not returned to the campus since they left on October 5.The report further established that both victims of molestation were locked inside the hostel for hours by the warden to pressurize them. They were freed only after the police broke the lock.Police was also in the line of fire. The report accused the police of hushing-up the matter by booking the accused under sections 107 and 116 which are bailable and don't cover the entire incident. \"The commission will appeal for a supplementary challan as they didn't include sections like 354 and 509,\" the report said.Banasthali was also accused of violating Vishaka Guidelines for girls/women laid down by the Supreme Court. The university, which has 10,000 students, doesn't have any grievance redresser cell or any formal platform for girls to raise their problems, the report said.Jain also expressed surprised at the fact that all top administrative positions\u2014 from director, chancellor, pro-vice chancellor, registrar and most of governing members\u2014were from a single family. She feared that until an administrative officer or an NGO gets involved in the administration, justice won't possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16912874", "title": "Man shoots waiter in Bhubaneswar for refusing food", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An unidentified man opened fire at a waiter of a restaurant in the city after the latter refused to serve him food late on Saturday night. The waiter Mithun Pradhan (20) received a bullet in his right thigh. A profusely bleeding Pradhan was first rushed to a private hospital and was later shifted to SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack. Though doctors took out the bullet from his body, he is still under observation in the ICU.Five men, including the shooter, reached the restaurant at Patrapada on the outskirts of Bhubaneswar at around 1.00 am in an auto-rickshaw and banged on its door demanding food. \"Pradhan came out and asked them to leave as the hotel was already closed and there was no food left. A heated argument took place between them. In a fit of rage, one of the five men shot at Pradhan and the group fled,\" said the restaurant's owner Ramesh Chandra Padhi.Seven other employees of the restaurant, who were sleeping, ran out upon hearing the gunshot and rushed their colleague to the hospital. \"The goons were drunk. We had never seen them eating at our restaurant before,\" said another staff.\"We are inquiring into the matter. Since the incident occurred late at night, nobody, including the injured waiter saw the faces of the accused clearly,\" said an officer of Khandagiri police station.In another incident, some miscreants snatched a woman's chain at gunpoint near Damana Square in Chandrasekharpur on Sunday morning.The city has witnessed nine shooting incidents in the past eight months. Easy availability of pistols is cited as a reason behind the spurt in such incidents. Police arrested one Ranjit Mohapatra in Nayapally area on Saturday for illegal possession of an unlicensed revolver. Earlier on September 9, police nabbed notorious arms dealer Sangram Nath in Old Town area and seized six revolvers from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "16914641", "title": "Security beefed up in Garhwa for Durga Puja", "text": "GARHWA: Garhwa deputy commissioner (DC) R P Sinha has appealed to people of the district to celebrate Durga Puja with enthusiasm, but peacefully . \"A hassle-free puja is a happy puja,\" Sinha said.Police officers and magistrates have been assigned to ensure security and peace during the festival who will remain on duty at their respective places till immersion of idols on October 24. Besides, all police station officers in-charge have been directed to keep a tab on anti-social elements.Moreover, the administration has set up a surveillance room where pandal-hoppers can dial 222223 for help. Sub-divisional officers (SDOs) of Nagar Untari and Ranka, too, have been directed to set up surveillance chamber in their respective subdivision.Policemen in plain clothes have been deployed at most of the puja pandals to look out for children and girls who are often targeted by goons.Meanwhile, special security arrangement has been made around local Garhdevi Temple located in the heart of the town where thousands of devotees throng to offer Prasad to Garhdevi Maa during the eve of Durga Puja.Meanwhile, the district is gearing up for Durga Puja. This time devotees will get to see the goddess in a Gurudwara, a replica of Gurudwara in Pakistan's Punjab province constructed by Jai Bhawani Sangh.At Ramuna block headquarters, a pandal depicting Ram Darbar has been the centre of attraction for the people , particularly from the rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16908787", "title": "Singing bhakti garba runs in this family", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Contrary to Hum Paanch, a popular sitcom that was aired during 1995 to 2006, which was the story of a middle-class white-collar worker, Anand Mathur, who always finds himself in trouble because of his five daughters, here is a white collar singer who is the happiest especially during Navratri festival because he has four 'nightingale' like daughters.Bhumika (22), Sheetal (20), Jhalak (18) and Devanshi (15) - four daughters and their father - a fulltime professional singer Jayesh Soni (47) - is a team of five and singing garba is their family profession. \"My four daughters have amazing voices and as a team, we are able to perform greatly,\" says singer and key board artist Soni, who is a specialist singer of garba and devotional songs and has lent voice in about 25 devotional music albums.Soni has also imparted rigorous training to his four daughters who now accompany him in stage shows and exclusive garba programs organised during Navratri or on occasions like weddings. \"My daughters have won various local and state-level music competitions during their school years and are interested in making a career in music, hence we are keen that they get their Visharad degree in music,\" says Soni who is very selective in singing on stage. \"I only take in bhakti (devotional) sangeet programs as I do not want to encourage my daughters for singing filmy songs,\" he categorically admits.Dr Monica Shah, founder of Aradhana academy, who professionally trains Soni's daughters and has also voided her fees, says, \"These girls come from an economically challenging background but have a cultured voice and a keen music sense. They are learning music faster due to their enthusiasm and deep interest. They are also pursing a degree in music and we encourage them to perform on stage during garba and music shows. Their father's support has enabled them to pursue the career of their interest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16909041", "title": "'Man's first ancestor looked like a squirrel'", "text": "WASHINGTON: First human ancestor - a primitive tiny animal - looked like a squirrel, a new study has claimed.Newly discovered fossilized bones for the world's oldest and most primitive known primate, Purgatorius, reveal a tiny, agile animal that spent much of its time eating fruit and climbing trees. The fossils are the first known below-the-head bones for Purgatorius.\"The ankle bones show that it had a mobile ankle joint like primates today that live in trees,\" co-author Stephen Chester, a Yale University vertebrate paleontologist, said. \"This mobility would have allowed for rotating the foot in different directions as it adjusted to different angles presented by tree trunks,\" Chester said.\"It also shows that the first primates did not have elongate ankles that you see in many living primates today that are thought to be related to leaping behaviours,\" added Chester.He conducted the study with colleagues Jonathan Bloch of the Florida Museum of Natural History and William Clemens, a professor emeritus at the University of California . Researchers believe the specialized ankle bones of Purgatorius played a key role in the evolutionary success of early primates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16913072", "title": "Citizens desert malls for Durga puja pandals", "text": "KANPUR: The beautifully decorated pandals and fun events organised in them offered a bouquet of Bengali culture and modern entertainment to residents of industrial city on the second day of Durga Puja here on Sunday. The pandals are proving to be a major source of entertainment and destination for outings for crowds that flock them at various places and enjoy events and delicacies served at the fair.Women in Bengali 'taant' sarees and big 'bindis' turned up at the pandals while the men wore kurta-pajama and dhoti-kurta, kids in colourful attires adding to the beauty of the celebration. People took active part in the fun events and musical nights at puja pandals which started from evening and continued till midnight.In the row of entertainment programmes organised at various pandals, the classic 'dhunuchi' dance and 'sankha dhwani' (conch-blowing) competition organised at Arya Nagar and Ashok Nagar hogged the limelight. People also enjoyed the sangeet sandhya organised at Shastri Nagar where devotional lyrics set to modern tunes made everyone dance. The competitions of art and rangoli making also attracted participation of a large number of kids who took active part in the events.The fun games at other pandals including Kidwai Nagar, Kali Bari and Lalbangla also remained successful in attracting crowd. As majority of schools declared Dussehra holidays from Monday, kids enjoyed the most with no pressure of homework and school, on Monday. \"Visiting the puja pandals sometimes becomes a boring affair for children as they are not interested much in puja. Fun games and musical events at pandals give us sometime to meet Durga Maa which was hardly possible with kids till some years back,\" said Deepti Basu, a resident of Lal Bangla.\"Durga Puja is part of celebration during Navratri across the country. It allows us to spend quality time with one another. We socialise, share our joys and pains with one another. It cements our bond with the city people, those who are not Bengalis,\" said Mithu Goswami, a Bengali devotee, living in Kanpur for the past three years.Beside the fun games, Durga idols and social gatherings, the traditional and tasty food served at the stalls around pandals are also attract huge crowds.The stall food owners near puja pandals are offering chaat-tikki, noodles and several tasty items without onion and garlic which can be enjoyed even by those who quit eating this stuff during Navratri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16908814", "title": "NaMo TV funding details sought", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Congress has demanded details from the state election commission regarding expenses of NaMo TV, the channel named after chief minister Narendra Modi , its sources of funding among other information.In its letter to Gujarat chief electoral officer Anita Karwal, the Congress alleged that the channel was \"misrepresenting\" facts to show Union government in poor light. \"Its source of funding, details about its expenses must be sought by the chief electoral officer to verify whether it violates the model code of conduct or not,\" Congress election coordination committee chairman Babubhai Patel said.Meanwhile, the convenor of BJP's election legal cell Parindu Bhagat has also dashed a missive to the Election Commission seeking ban on ads by various ministries of the UPA government in newspapers, All India Radio and Doordarshan (Girnar) to ensure fair elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16907704", "title": "Ropeway soon in Pushkar", "text": "AJMER: Tourists visiting internationally famed Pushkar will soon have an added attraction of travelling to Savitri temple located at a hilltop on ropeway. The state government has issued the work order for the ropeway project to a Kolkata-based company at a cost of Rs 13 crore.The temple is situated on a hard rock hill and it is not possible for every tourist to climb all the way to the peak.\"The company has started work for the ropeway to Savitri temple and it will be completed soon,\" state education minister Naseem Akhtar said.A biological park has also been planned for Pushkar and all formalities have been completed. \"The main objective for constructing the biological park is to showcase the biodiversity of this place, including the flora and the fauna to the tourists,\" Akhtar said.The minister informed the public of the new projects during inauguration of a new bus stand in Pushkar as part of infrastructure preparation for the upcoming international cattle fair next month. The new bus stand is behind the Varha temple and now buses of the state roadways will depart from here to different parts of the state. Earlier, the bus stand used to be at the main entrance of the Pushkar.The new bus stand is constructed on 10 hectare land to facilitate a large number of buses coming at the time of the fair. Speaking on the occasion, Akhtar also promised for better roads to Pushkar and development of this place. Pushkar is the part of Akhtar's assembly constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912221", "title": "Yashji &amp; me bonded over Punjabi food: Parmeet Sethi", "text": "It wasn't long back when Yash Chopra announced his retirement and Parmeet Sethi, who shared a great rapport with the director expressed that Yashji should continue to direct for next 20 years.Now, with the sudden demise of the legendary director, Parmeet is shocked and claimed that it's difficult for him to believe that Yashji is no more. \"The news is very shocking and his contribution to the industry is so much. It's difficult for me to believe that he is no more,\" said Parmeet, who was on his way to attend the last rites of Yash Chopra.\"We weren't allowed to meet him when he was hospitalized. However, he is someone whom I can never forget in my life,\" added Parmeet.The actor grabbed eyeballs with his effective portrayal as Kuljeet in Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge and while sharing his memories, Parmeet expressed, \"Yashji and I connected on various things. We both loved food and when I used to go to Delhi, I used to get mithai for him and he did the same for me. We bonded over Punjabi food.\"Parmeet Sethi directed Badmaash Company under Yash Raj Films' banner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16909547", "title": "Bangalore law student's rape case: Why did two \u2018rapists\u2019 return to crime spot?", "text": "BANGALORE: On Saturday, police announced the arrest of six of the eight culprits in the alleged gang rape of a 21-year-old undergraduate student of NLSIU in the Bangalore University campus on October 16. Even as the announcement was flashing on TV screens, the two remaining gangsters turned up in the evening at the spot in Jnanabharathi campus where they had committed a crime only a week before.The absconding men, Rama and Raja , were on the campus with two others, apparently to cut sandalwood trees. When two police patrol teams questioned them, Rama attacked a constable , prompting police to fire in self-defence . While Rama was injured in the leg, Raja and two others fled.Former police officers are puzzled by the fact that Rama and Raja turned up at the same place where they had committed the crime even when police were announcing the arrest of their accomplices . They point out it's common sense that criminals don't visit the place where they had committed a crime.\"It's elementary human psychology that one would run and hide after committing a crime and get away from the scene of crime where there are chances of any police presence. Even if they happen to be there, they would do so surreptitiously rather than cut trees, a noisy affair,\" a retired police officer said on condition of anonymity.A top city police officer, however, said these men are hardcore criminals. They may not have been aware of the arrest of their associates.Gang arrived in the campus when police were on patrol.A retired police officer points out that the sandalwood smugglers allegedly involved in the gang rape of a NLSIU student came to the Jnanabharathi campus around 5.30 pm on Saturday . \"Most sandalwood smugglers operate at night . These men were cutting trees in the twilight despite knowing there would be people and police moving around ,\" he said . The cracking of the gang rape case within a week of the crime comes in the wake of police officials initially expressing doubts over the victim's claims and inconclusive findings of medical tests. Police were also trying to subject her friend , the prime witness , to a virility test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913233", "title": "Simple hormone test can predict breast cancer risk", "text": "In the breast cancer awareness month, a new study suggests that predicting a woman's risk for developing breast cancer will soon be as simple as undergoing a blood test. Women with hormone levels in the highest 25 % bracket for hormones estradiol, testosterone and DHEAS had a 50 percent to 107 percent greater chance for developing breast cancer in comparison to women in the lowest 25 %, said researchers from Harvard University's Brigham and Women's Hospital.They said these tests would predict the chances of a woman getting cancer in the long term of up to 20 years. Around 800 patients with postmenopausal breast cancer who had not received hormone therapy were studied for the research.The researchers conducted blood hormone tests at two time points: between 1989 and 1990 and between 2000 and 2002. They matched each patient with two control groups who were not diagnosed with breast cancer. \"We found that a single hormone level was associated with breast cancer risk for at least 16 to 20 years among postmenopausal women not using postmenopausal hormones,\" said the study's main researcher Xuehong Zhang. Increased hormone levels, except for DHEAS, tracked closely with increased risk for receptor-positive breast cancer.How will this research help future generations of women? For one, it will help doctors identify high-risk women who would benefit from enhanced screening or preventive chemotherapy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912433", "title": "Demi and Ashton 'battling over financial terms of divorce settlement'", "text": "Despite being separated for more than a year, Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher are said to be locked in a bitter battle over their enormous fortune.Sources told the New York Post that lawyers for Kutcher, the highest-paid TV actor last year, and Moore \"are trying to negotiate a settlement out of court and out of the public eye.\"But \"they still haven't reached an agreement over money, because Ashton earned substantially more during the final years of their marriage, but he doesn't want to pay a large settlement.\"And one source added that if they don't reach a private agreement, \"the discussion could boil over into a public court battle.\"Kutcher, who made 24 million dollars last year, and Moore split up after six years of marriage when he was reportedly caught cheating during their anniversary weekend. He has since moved on with a very public romance with former \"That '70s Show\" co-star Mila Kunis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16908444", "title": "Jail administration to auction seized cellphones", "text": "PATNA: A Patna district administration team comprising 260 police personnel carried out a raid inside the Beur Central Jail in the wee hours on Sunday and recovered six cellphones, three sim cards and three phone chargers from its male wards.Beur jail administration proposes to auction the unclaimed cellphones seized from the jail to augment its revenue. The move was initiated by Beur jail superintendent Shivendra Priyadarshi in January this year. His proposal, which was sent to IG (prisons) Anand Kishore, has been approved by all the departments concerned.The home (prisons) department will soon fix a date for the public auction of the 550 odd seized cellphones and advertise the same in the newspapers.Meanwhile, police searched the Ganga, Saraswati, Saryu, Godawari wards and the special ward for four hours. The cellphones and sim cards and chargers were hidden in blankets and beds.Patna SP (City) Jayant Kant said, \"Keeping in mind the ongoing festive fervour, the administration decided to raid the jail. Prisoners tend to take advantage of the festive mood. However, no major recovery was made during the raid.\"Priyadarshi said, \"The women ward was not raided. But it is a positive sign that no major objectionable things were found.\" He said, \"Security in and around Beur jail has been beefed up following the attack on Beur jailor and hoax calls to blow up the jail. We have also sent a proposal to the home department to increase the height of the jail's boundary wall.\"He further said, \"There are residential colonies near the jail premises. Notorious criminals take advantage of the dense population. Their associates throw mobile phones into the jail premises. If the height of the wall is raised, such malpractice could be checked,\" he said. Patna DM Sanjay Kumar had ordered round-the-clock surveillance on movement of passersby near the jail gate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908538", "title": "Fake CPI leader held for property fraud", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cyberabad police have arrested a self-proclaimed Communist Party of India (CPI) leader for allegedly duping 200 persons to the tune of Rs 42 lakh by handing them forged land-ownership documents. Accused Shankar Naik, a resident of Singareni Colony, had claimed that he was a CPI leader.On October 9, nearly 200 people approached Ibrahimpatnam police alleging that Naik had collected between Rs 20,000 and Rs 50,000 from each of them by promising them patta land under the supervision of 'Bhoodan Yagna Board' at Adibhatla village on the outskirts of the city.After collecting the money, Naik gave the victims forged land-ownership documents in 2011. However, after a few months, the victims, mostly autorickshaw drivers and daily-wage workers, discovered that they had been duped. After failing to get their money back from the accused, the victims have lodged a complaint with police.In their preliminary probe, police discovered that the land documents provided by Naik were forged. On Sunday, police arrested Naik along with four of his associates and remanded the group in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909483", "title": "Pre-School Learning", "text": "The early years of one's life are important . Therefore, a strong foundation is imperative. Understanding children as they are, helping them develop the right skills, moulding their attitude towards learning are some of the things that one needs to pay attention to.With this in mind, Ansal API has tied up with Maple Bear, India to open Learning Centres and Canadian pre-schools across North India. Elaborating on the tie-up , Alok Modi, chairman, Maple Bear India, says, \"Our goal is to establish Maple Bear Canadian pre School and elementary schools throughout India. There are currently 30 Maple Bear Schools in India.\"Gerald Macleod, vice-president , Maple Bear Global Schools Ltd, adds, \"In my visit to India, I am thrilled to rediscover my favourite images of the country: vibrant colour, intense activity, traffic, lots of people , wonderful hospitality, beautiful use of English, high respect for education and the strong desire to teach children well. All of these characteristics were evident in and around the schools I have visited in last two days that is at Ansal Plaza, Gurgaon and Modipuram.\"Pranav Ansal, VC &amp; MD, Ansal API, further adds, \"We are delighted to partner with Maple Bear, India for coming up with Canadian styled preschools in India. There is a huge opportunity open in the education sector here. One out of hundred children is enrolled in a pre-school . We plan to open Maple Bear pre-schools in most of our upcoming townships in all major towns in India.The Maple Bear programme is written by Canadian educators and is based on best practices in Canadian schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907725", "title": "Health department plans HIV screening on migrants", "text": "JAIPUR: The residents of Rajasthan working in Mumbai, Thane, Surat, Delhi and other placing having high prevalence of HIV would be tested for HIV/AIDS when they return home to celebrate Diwali.These people are on the health department's scanner as they are more vulnerable for HIV infection. With the help of employment department, the health department has identified nine districts in the state from where thousands move to other states for jobs. Ajmer, Udaipur, Jodhpur, Pali, Sriganganagar, Bhilwara, Sikar, Nagaur and Bikaner are the nine districts.Project director, Rajasthan State AIDS Control Society (RSACS), Dr JP Dhamija said: \"It would not be a forceful testing of HIV. We will only provide the facilities for HIV testing. Auxiliary nurse &amp; midwives, Anganwadi workers and ASHA workers have been roped in for spreading awareness about the facilities which we are providing in the nine districts. The aim for doing this is to halt or reverse the HIV/AIDS epidemic.\"Meanwhile, a health official said that there is a link between spousal migration and women's HIV status. It is seen that more HIV positive had migrant husbands than HIV negative women .A Behaviour Sample Survey on single male migrants in Maharashtra in 2009 shows a very high proportion -76% of migrants did not perceive any risk of HIV. Of the total migrants, only 13% have ever tested for HIV.RSACS would organize camps in every nine districts from November 1 to 10. Also, it would make use of folk artists, announcements and also take the help of gram sabhas to spread awareness about the camps.The other facilities that would be provided at the camps would be general health check-up, antenatal checkups, condom promotion activities, HIV &amp; STI counselling, inter-personal communication, HIV screening facilities, health exhibitions etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16908623", "title": "Woman files rape complaint against boyfriend in Meghaninagar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 26-year-old woman has lodged a rape complaint against her ex boyfriend with Meghaninagar police officials.The victim alleged that the youth was blackmailing her using a video clip of her intimate moments with him. The woman, now married, alleged that Sandeep Panchal had a physical relationship with her and had made the video clip during Navratri of 2008.\"Panchal ended his relationship with her after her marriage and started blackmailing her for money. The woman alleged that threatening to expose her before her husband, Panchal had forced her to meet him at various places and raped her,\" said an investigating official. tnnAccording to police investigators, the woman, now married in the same area, was in love with Sandeep Panchal, a resident of Meghaninagar, in 2008. During Navratri that year, Sandeep was physically intimate with her of which he had made a video clip. The duo ended relationship the following year after the woman's marriage.\"As per the complaint, Sandeep revealed the video clip and kept on blackmailing her with it. He used to call her frequently to various places in the city and rape her. He had threatened to expose her to her husband. When the demands continued till recently, she got fed up and filed a police complaint,\" said a Meghaninagar police official. Investigators said that Sandeep has been rounded up on Sunday for questioning.It is second incident in past 10 days with Meghaninagar police where the mobile video clips were used for rape. Earlier, daughter of an army jawan had filed a complaint of rape using the clips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16907357", "title": "Residents say cops threatened them", "text": "BANGALORE: Residents of Mandur village on Sunday claimed police threatened to book cases against them.\"We are protesting to save our village. What's wrong in it? Why should the BBMP bring police to the village? Is this democracy or police raj?\" asked a gram panchayat member.A BBMP official who tried to mediate was gheraoed by villagers. H C Ananthaswamy, chief engineer, solid waste management, BBMP admitted his meeting with the Mandur villagers was not successful. \"There are certain miscreants among the protesters,\" he said.Police, however, denied any plans to carry out preventive arrests. Additional superintendent of Bangalore Rural district police N Nagaraj, who was at the spot, told TOI the situation was under control.SP D Prakash attributed the police presence to prohibitory orders in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "16912225", "title": "Trader booked for illegal sale of petrol and spurious diesel", "text": "SHRAVASTI: The district magistrate Shubhra Saxena raided a diesel trader and recovered 200 litres of illicit petrol and 2,500 liters of adulterated diesel. The sale licence produced by the traders was also found to be of Ratnapur instead of Bhinga. The DM ordered the district supply officer (DSO) to register a case against the trader while the petrol and diesel recovered were seized.According to reports, a trader was selling diesel out of a drum at Khairimod near the Collectorate. The customers had alleged the trader was selling adulterated diesel and a complaint was also lodged but no action was taken by the supply office.On Friday, some persons complained to the DM who along with the supply department team raided the shop in the evening and recovered 200 liters of illicit petrol and 2,500 litres of adulterated diesel, which were seized by the supply department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16911785", "title": "50 years of the Archdiocese of Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: A colourful cultural extravaganza marked celebrations of completion of 50 years of the Archdiocese of Bhopal on Sunday.The programme was inaugurated by Apostolic Nuncio to India Archbishop Salvatore Pinocchio at the Rosary Garden of the Infant Jesus Church at Ayodhya Bypass.The event was attended by more than 3,000 people and bishops, fathers and sisters from Sagar, Khandwa, Indore districts among others.Archbishop Pinocchio hoisted the golden jubilee flag on the occasion and also interacted with the people present. In the evening the Archbishop inaugurated the new sports complex of the BSSS College and also conducted a prayer gathering. This was followed by the inauguration of the golden jubilee by Archbishop of Bhopal Leo Cornelio. He also congratulated everyone on the occasion.Cultural presentations marked the evening programme with songs and dances. In the end, a fusion dance comprising Bharatnatyam and Indo-Western was performed by students of St Joseph's Co-ed School.The event was attended by more than 3,000 people, bishops, fathers and sisters from Sagar, Khandwa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907829", "title": "No system in place, dengue could sting UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dengue has already spread its tentacles in the national capital region and threat of the disease looms large over Uttar Pradesh too. Spread of dengue and other vector-borne diseases seems imminent in the state as infrastructure to keep track of mosquito count is in a shambles.There is no entomologist in the state despite existence of two posts. Around 35 per cent posts of zonal entomologists who form the second level of the vector-borne diseases monitoring infrastructure are lying vacant. The strength of malaria officers is about half of the required. As a result, surveillance for vector-borne disease suffers. For example, in case of malaria, about 10 per cent of the population at risk should be checked. This is called annual blood examination rate (ASER), which for UP is less than 5 per cent.The fact came to the fore in a meeting to review the status of national vector-borne disease control programme, attended by state health secretaries, held in the middle of September. \"Filling up vacant posts in the state at the earliest for regular monitoring, supervision, proper programme implementation and improving surveillance,\" was one of the top three recommendations for UP made by officials in the Health ministry.\"The need to strengthen the system for mosquito surveillance in UP is extremely important. In fact, it is a life saving measure in the context of UP,\" said a ministry of health officer. He informed that the situation of Japanese encephalitis and acute encephalitis syndrome was also examined by officials in the meeting and recommendations in this regard have also been made. The health ministry has recommended making of district-specific action plan for effective prevention and control.Meanwhile, the campaign against vector-borne diseases launched by chief medical officer Dr SNS Yadav and his team ended here on Sunday. The campaign, which began on September 19, focused on mosquito control. For this, the city was divided into six zones. The health administration sprinkle anti-larvae spray in the morning in the pot-holes, drains and other places while fogging is done in the evenings. Besides, blood slides of patients suffering from fever are taken. Medical treatment was provided to patients if their reports turn out to be positive.Save your skin: Talking to TOI, chief medical officer Dr SNS Yadav said, \"Prevention is easier and more effective than control.\" Regarding prevention of dengue fever from spreading, however, the CMO said: \"This is in the hands of residents as mosquitoes breed in clear water accumulated in flower pots, buckets and barrels. Stagnant water must be cleared everywhere, even in homes. We cannot go inside everyone's house and clean it up.\" This becomes important considering there is no vaccine available against dengue, and there are no specific medications to treat its infection. The most effective protective measure is to avoid mosquito bites. The best way to reduce mosquitoes is to eliminate conditions for mosquitoes to lay eggs. Full-sleeve shirts and trousers should be worn by adults as well as children. They should use mosquito net and repellant sprays at home. Apart from eliminating breeding ground by removing standing water, dengue can also be prevented by discarding unused plastic pools, old tires, or buckets and clearing clogged gutters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16906871", "title": "No guidelines to prevent child abuse in Delhi: Plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite a spate of child abuse cases, the capital doesn't have any guidelines to prevent sexual abuse of children in schools and educational institutions, claimed a PIL in the Delhi high court earlier this week. It cited an RTI reply received from the Delhi government and urged HC to intervene.A division bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw has sought a reply from the Delhi government and the Centre by December. The Juvenile Justice Act Rules make it mandatory for the authorities to frame such guidelines.The PIL was filed by HAQ Centre for Child Rights through its lawyer Ananth Asthana, who pointed out that despite Juvenile Justice Act Rules Section 31 making it clear that guidelines are needed, there has been no movement on the same, and the authorities have woken up only once an incident of sexual harassment took place.While the guidelines will go a long way in preventing sexual abuse of kids in schools and other educational institutions, making it easier for children to lodge a complaint, the entire focus at present is towards taking action against the accused after the incident, the PIL argues.The PIL urges HC to constitute a committee including members from Delhi Legal Services Authority, Delhi Child Rights Protection Commission and its counterpart at the Centre, National Child Rights Protection Commission, Delhi Police, Juvenile Justice Board and Child Welfare Committee. They can go into the issue of framing comprehensive guidelines.The PIL informs the court that the same plea was made a part of another PIL that demanded probe into allegations of child abuse in a Delhi orphanage, but the court while deciding the case declined to pass directions, and instead recommended a separate PIL for it. The petitioners elaborated on how the JJ Act mandates creation of a children's committee in all institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16908226", "title": "Congress will never use evidence against kin of Vajpayee, Advani: Digvijaya Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Keeping up his attack mode, Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh on Monday let it be known that the UPA government had \"material\" against the kin of former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee and his ex-deputy L K Advani. While confirming that the evidence against the relatives of Vajpayee and Advani had the potential to embarrass the two leaders, he however said the government or the Congress would never go public with it.At the same time, Singh, in an interview to a news channel, denied that the graft allegations brought against Robert Vadra had hurt the Gandhis, saying DLF and Haryana government had already issued point-by-point rebuttals.\"What is the nexus between Vadra and Haryana government run by the Congress? Has Sonia Gandhi ever spoken about Vadra to the chief minister or ministers... you cannot hang Sonia Gandhi with your allegations for an act which she has not done,\" Singh said.The point in bringing up the \"material\" against Vajpayee and Advani's kin was clear: Singh possibly wanted to convey to the BJP to tread with caution in amplifying the corruption allegations brought against Vadra by civil society activists.The BJP reacted by attacking Singh for deflecting attention from what it described as the core issue of corruption. \"He is himself facing charges of irregularities in land allotment as shown by a recent MP high court order and yet he is talking like this,'' party spokesperson Nirmala Sitharaman said.\"The focus is not on any family link but corruption. If something has come up against somebody, it should be investigated to ensure the highest standard of probity in public life but Congress is trying to avoid this,'' she added.Singh, meanwhile, insisted that politicians should not be held responsible for the acts of their family members. \"Politicians are also human beings. We are not gods... We can't keep a track or check on the innumerable relations we have,\" he said.\"There were a lot of things which came out during the NDA regime. But did Congress party ever use that. We will never use this,\" he said in reply to some pointed questions.Singh rejected as \"hollow\" and \"media hype\" the allegations of \"nexus\" among Vadra, DLF and the Congress government in Haryana to give Vadra undue benefits in land dealings. Defending Sonia, the Congress leader said she was not Vadra's \"chartered accountant\" to question his rising assets.Citing his four daughters and sons-in-law, Singh said it was not a politician's job to keep track of what his relatives did.Defending Vadra, the Congress general secretary said he came from an \"eminent family\" and was not a person who had no assets before he married Priyanka Gandhi. \"If anyone had bought land in Haryana 10 years back, it would have gone up 100 times by now,\" he said when asked about Vadra's fortune growing exponentially after his marriage into the Gandhi family.Singh also sought to dismiss suggestions that Haryana IAS officer Ashok Khemka was transferred abruptly because he started investigating the land deals of Vadra. \"Did Vadra complain against Khemka. The chief secretary called Khemka and he said that he was quite satisfied,\" he said.Asked about Vadra's controversial comment of \"mango man in banana republic\", Singh said the first was only a literal translation of aam aadmi and was intended as a witty remark. However, he admitted that the \"banana republic\" bit was incorrect, adding, \"Now, I think he (Vadra) will be wiser.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911375", "title": "Karthi to become a dad", "text": "There is good news in the Sivakumar household. Veteran actor Sivakumar's younger son Karthi, who got married to Ranjini Chinnaswamy last year, is all set to become a father.Karthi's elder brother, Suriya, has two kids, Diya and Dev, with his actress-wife Jyothika. Karthi's sister Brinda is also a proud mother of two kids.Karthi is currently busy working on Venkat Prabhu's Biryani and All in All Azhagu Raja .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907762", "title": "24 persons attack family over land dispute, 19 held", "text": "JAIPUR: At least 24 assailants barged into a house situated at Agrasen Colony in Jhotwara locality and attacked a family over a land dispute. The police, however, reached on time and arrested 19 persons for breaching peace.According to the Jhotwara police station one Ghasiram had a dispute with one Kishan Lal over a piece of land. \"The complainant Ghasiram told us that at least 24 assailants equipped with batons barged into their house during the wee hours on Sunday to acquire the piece of land in the area. Soon after, he brought this to our notice and police intervened on time and arrested 19 persons in this connection,\" said a senior police officer of Jhotwara police station.Police said that primary investigation suggested that all the arrested accused were hired by a man from Gharsana in Sriganganagar district. According to the police a few people were injured when they tried to intervene. \"All of them were produced before a local court and were sent to judicial custody,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16907527", "title": "Hollywood film on Rinku and Dinesh's baseball journey", "text": "WASHINGTON: This movie could beat the long-awaited Munnabhai sequel and well, they might call it Singh and Patel Come to America, after the two most common Indian last names in United States .But Rinku Singh and Dinesh Patel, two small town kids from the Lucknow region, really did head to America - and that too, to try and make it big in professional baseball, a sport they had never played before.Their saga now moves from the pitch to the pictures, from minor league baseball to major league Hollywood, and will appear on screen under the title Million Dollar Arm.Starring Mad Men hero John Hamm in the role of talent scout J B Bernstein who discovered the duo through a reality show staged in India, the movie is written by Win Win director Tom McCarthy . According to Hollywood outlets, it is likely to be directed by Craig Gillespie who made the hit Lars and the Real Girl.The story begins in 2008 when Bernstein, after seeing that cricket's throwing motion is similar to baseball pitching, created a reality show called Million Dollar Arm that ended up auditioning 40,000 cricket players in India to spot baseball talent.Singh and Patel, both high school javelin throwers, made the cut and were brought to the US, becoming the first Indian players to sign with a pro baseball team, the Pittsburgh Pirates .It hasn't exactly concluded in a fairy tale ending... yet. They both toiled for two years in the minor league before Patel, a short right-hander, was \"let go\". Singh, the taller left-hander is still sweating away,.But they have had a few high points - or Hollywood moments. One came in 2010 when they met US President Barack Obama and presented him with a Pirates jersey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913651", "title": "Dev selects Subhasree's bodyguard", "text": "Tollywood Superstar Dev and heartthrob Subhasree vehemently deny that they are seeing each other. But their behaviour in personal life as well as at shooting spot says that they don't only spend good rapport but are also in a relationship.Latest buzz is that it is Dev who decides or rather selects Subhasrees' bouncer or body guard. The aspiring bodyguards have to pass Dev's test before being selected. This is not the end our sources say that during outdoor shoots Dev makes it very sure that his room is just next to hers.Link : http://bengalimovies.org/news/dev-now-selects-subhasrees-bodyguard-10044", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16914252", "title": "60 awarded degrees at SIFT", "text": "LUDHIANA: A graduation ceremony was held at the Sportking Institute of Fashion Technology (SIFT) on Saturday. Advisor to vice-chancellor of PTU, Dr Nachatar Singh, was the guest of honour. The ceremony started with students invoking the blessings of the Almighty. While president Anjali Avathi, executive director R M Gupta, Charanjiv Singh and other members of the managing committee extended a warm welcome to the guests. Dr Nachatar gave away the diplomas to around 60 students from different streams.In his convocation address, Dr Nachatar, congratulated the students and said a??sky is the limita?? for those who are skillful, focused and devoted. R M Gupta congratulated the students and emphasized that a??hard work, determination and discipline are the keywords of successa??.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907644", "title": "Central Railway rain plan to wash flooding away at Lokmanya Tilak Terminus", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has completed a rainwater harvesting project at Lokmanya Tilak Terminus (LTT) that will prevent flooding at Kurla during monsoon.It will also cater to 40% of the daily of water requirement at the station. \"The rainwater harvesting project will help in percolation of water into the subsoil. This will reduce flooding in the vicinity during monsoon,\" said V A Malegaonkar, CR chief public relations officer.A spell of showers affects train services in the area. Both Main and Harbour line services are hit and it also leads to signal failures. \"We will conserve 7 lakh litres of water, which will be a bonanza for the railways,\" Malegaonkar added. The cost of CR's project is about Rs 10 lakh.\"The project involved constructing a 2-km trench and filling it with crushed stones,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "16913511", "title": "J&K; govt diverted 1883 hectares of forestland in Jammu: CAG", "text": "JAMMU: The CAG has pulled up the state forest ministry for allegedly diverting 1,883 hectares of forest land for non-forest purposes in violation of rules in this district of Jammu and Kashmir.The report released by Comptroller and Auditor General of India this month also found that Jammu accounts for 25 per cent of forest land (767 sq km), below prescribed level of 33 per cent as per National Forest Policy.Moreover, out of the 25 per cent forest land, only 1,063 hectares (one per cent) has been demarcated so far, the report stated.The records showed that 1883.23 hectares of forest land has been diverted for non-forest purposes between 1991-92 to 2010-11 period in Jammu district, the report for the year ending March 2011 said.Also, no land has been brought under forest cover in lieu of forestland diverted, the report stated.As per the State Forest Conservation Act, 1997, twice the area of forest land diverted for non-forest purpose should be afforested, it said.\"Further, possession of the land was transferred to user agencies without clearing the payments from them in contravention of the rules,\" it said.As a result an amount of Rs 56.07 crore was outstanding against various agencies on account of compensation for the periods ranging between 6 to 288 months, it said.According to rules, the possession of forest land diverted for non-forestry purposes should not be handed over to the user agency till all the payments due are deposited, it said.Divisional forest officer (DFO), state forest department, Jammu, stated in reply to CAG queries that recovery of compensation amounts would be taken up with user-agencies. The DFO, however, said fresh forest areas could not be raised due to non-allotment of funds.\"The reply was not accepted as the department should not have, in violation of rules, handed over the possession till all the payments were deposited by the indenting department,\" the CAG report said.CAG indicted the department for dismal performance to reduce degraded area, recovery of compensation and increase of forest cover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907058", "title": "10,000 kids died in Delhi hospital in last 5 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: NHRC will on Monday decide the course of action against Kalawati Saran Children's Hospital here after an RTI reply stated that over 10,000 children have died there in last five years.\"A complaint has been filed with the NHRC in this regard. The commission will take a decision on its next course of action on Monday,\" NHRC's joint registrar A K Parashar said.The information was obtained by one Rajhans Bansal, a resident of Rohini, who filed an RTI application seeking details of the numbers of children who died in the government hospital in last five years. As per the RTI reply, 10,081 children have died in the Kalawati Saran hospital in last five years.Though no information was provided by the hospital on reasons behind these deaths, officials said that most of them were brought there in critical condition. The RTI reply also claimed that no child died due to malfunctioning of the ventilator. This year, till July, 943 children died in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16911748", "title": "40-year-old booked for raping teenager", "text": "BHOPAL: A man, who allegedly raped a 16-year-old girl on pretext of getting her a marriage loan, was booked on rape charge.The incident took place around a month ago, but a case in this regard was registered with the Kamla Nagar police station on Saturday.Police said accused Sukhdev, 40, was in touch with a physically handicapped couple, who wanted money to marry their teenaged daughter.Sukhdev told them that he could get them financial assistance from government for the same.Police said, the accused on September 18 took the teenaged girl with him telling her parents that he was taking her to complete loan formalities.According to police, the middle-aged man intoxicated the girl and made her sign some affidavits. Later, he told the girl that the documents were of their marriage and they are now a married couple. He later outraged modesty of the girl quite a few times, before she mustered courage to break her silence.Finally, the girl reported the matter to the parents who, in turn, lodged a complaint with the police.The accused was found missing from his house in Naya Basera when a police team went to nab him, the police said, adding that investigation are on.The man intoxicated the girl and made her sign some affidavits. Later, he told the girl that the documents were of their marriage and they are now a married couple. He later outraged her modesty", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914405", "title": "Britney Spears visits salon amidst legal battle", "text": "Britney Spears was recently spotted leaving for a hair salon in Beverly Hills with no signs of stress as her legal battle against Sam Lutfi rages.The 'X Factor' judge is being sued for breach of contract by Lutfi- who claims to be her manager and is owed 15 percent of all her earnings from the last several years.The trial has also revealed all the most scandalous details of the singer's 2007 meltdown.Lutfi's lawyers have claimed Spears was a drug-addicted mess when he took over her care, according to RadarOnline.com.Lutfi is also suing her dad for assault and her mom for defamation, with all being rolled into one trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912639", "title": "Deven returns to TV as Gattu", "text": "More often than not, an actor gets famous as the character he/she plays on television. And, so is the case with actor Deven Bhojani, who is best known as Gattu from Baa Bahoo Aur Baby.Now, the actor is returning as the beloved character on the tube after over two years with JD Majethia's Alaxmi \u2014 Hamari Super Bahu . Says Majethia, \"We have only crime-based shows airing on weekends and a family-drama is like a respite in this scenario. After shifting Alaxmi... to the weekend slot, the channel asked me if we could have Deven back as Gattu on the show. It was a little difficult because he is busy with other commitments, but he finally agreed. There will be no changes in his character since you can't alter the structure of an already-established character. Deven starts shooting with us on Monday and his entry will air on Saturday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911598", "title": "Ravi Teja to play a cameo in Romeo", "text": "Mass Maharaja Ravi Teja will be seen in a special role in Sairam Shankar's forthcoming romantic entertainer Romeo. Apparently, Ravi Teja will be making a brief appearance in the film, for which Puri Jagannath has penned the story. We all know that Ravi Teja and Puri are close associates and their association has prompted the actor to play a cameo in the movie.Romeo is directed by Gopi Ganesh and produced by Valluripalli Ramesh. Adonika is playing the female lead in this female and music is scored by Sunil Kashyap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16907440", "title": "Indian Open: Wiratchant has rub of the green", "text": "BANGALORE: Bang in the middle of the fairway with his driver tee shot and the centre of the green with his next on the closing hole, Richie Ramsay , the leader from the first hole on Thursday till the 17th hole on Sunday, walked up to the green to complete the formalities in the $1.25 million Hero Indian Open.Leading by a shot, Ramsay (68) doffed his cap in appreciation as the huge crowd, both at the temporary stands and the clubhouse, roared in approval.The title was virtually in his bag. But neither did he nor the crowd expect the turnaround as the Scotsman missed a two-feet putt which would have fetched him a par and the title. Instead, he three-putted from 14 feet to get into a play-off with Asian Tour legend Thaworn Wiratchant, who shot a closing five-under 66. The two were tied at 14-under-par 271.Wiratchant, who even walked off after Ramsay's second shot landed on the green in regulation play, was pleasantly surprised when he was asked to get ready for the playoff. The Thai didn't do anything special in the playoff: Ramsay just handed the title on a platter, first by finding the lateral water hazard and then missing an eight-footer for a bogey.Ramsay's lip out on the first playoff hole left Wiratchant the winner of the 49th edition of the Indian Open at the KGA. It was also his second victory of the National Open. Wiratchant, who pocketed $198,125 for his dramatic win, had won the title at the Delhi Golf Club in 2005.\"At the start of the final round, I thought I didn't have a chance as my driving was off and expected to finish only in the top-5,\" said the 45-year-old Thai pro who has a record 15 titles on the Asian Tour.Like the Thai, neither did the huge crowd expect this script. Ramsay, who played solid barring the sixth and seventh-hole blemishes on the final day, looked set to win his first title on Indian soil. \"The ball ran away down the green and went past the hole and the second putt broke away to the right, the green just grabbed it,\" Ramsay lamented about the three-putted bogey on the closing hole in regulation play.Even after finding the hazard with his drive in the playoff, Ramsay gave himself another crack at the title when he came up with a brilliant 8-iron shot after taking a penalty drop. With the trees in front, the Scotsman played a superb draw over the 15th-hole hut to a thunderous applause. Ramsay's heroic shot from the right trees and the long wait seemed to have gotten to Wiratchant as the Thai, who had found the middle of the fairway with his tee shot, hooked to the left bunker. Despite coming out well, he still had to hole a 10-footer to clinch the title.Ramsay played a poor chip and left himself with an 8-feet pressure putt. Wiratchant missed his par putt and waited for the Scotsman to make his. To Ramsay's chagrin, the putt caught the lip to leave Wiratchant, who started the day two behind Ramsay, a surprise winner.As for the Indians, the fightback came a little too late. Shiv Kapur shot a 66 to finish fourth, two shots off the pace, while homeboy Anirban Lahiri (67) ended up tied fifth two shots further back on 274. S Chikkarangappa, with a four-day total of three-under 281, was the best amateur at tied 26th place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907218", "title": "Gourmet delights at Delhi Ramlilas draw in foodies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Where do you go if you want to have an assortment of lip-smacking delicacies served on a platter without having to loosen your purse strings too much? A Ramlila in the capital. Little known to the world, Ramlila grounds are a foodie's paradise where you get the most famous of city's delicacies like specially prepared fruit chaat, tikkis made from a variety of vegetables, Kuremal's famous kulfis and roller ice cream. You can also sample south Indian, Chinese, Rajasthani and Gujarati cuisines.\"We have been selling chhole kulche at Sitaram Bazaar and Daryaganj for three generations. Every year, we put up stalls at the Parade ground Ramlila and there is huge demand for them,\" said Deepak Kashyap, owner of the Lotanji Choleywale stall at Shri Dharmik Lila Committee, Parade ground. \"Congress leaders like Rahul Gandhi and Sheila Dikshit are among our regular customers,\" he said.Among children the roller fruit ice cream was most popular. \"We put a heavy layer of ice on the roller and then wrap it with fresh fruits like banana, mango, pomegranate and orange,\" said Rakesh Lal, owner of one such stall at the Nav Shri Dharmik Lila Committee. Ramlila is being organized here since year 1958, said a local.Mohanlal, who owns the famous Kuremal's kulfi adds, \"Many new varieties of ice creams have come up in the past few years which are prepared by big companies. But the demand for these kulfis prepared from milk and fresh fruits of at least 50 varieties never end.\"According to Ravi Jain, press secretary, Shri Dharmik Lila Committee, food courts at the Ramlilas are always packed. \"The stalls at our grounds have a wide range of cuisines mostly street food from Chandni Chowk. People come not just to watch the Ramlila but they also enjoy this opportunity to relish food items,\" he said. The food fiesta at the Ramlilas will go on till October 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16907195", "title": "Hubli bank offers loan against silk saris", "text": "Availing bank loans without giving stable security like property, gold or shares has become a myth. Even if they are available, they are confined to the privileged ones with attractive credit rating.In such a scenario, Dharwad Urban Credit Cooperative bank has introduced a special loan facility in one of its prime branches in Hubli where the customers can avail loan by pledging old silk saris. This novel initiative is said to be the first-of-its-kind in the country introduced by any bank.\"Our customers can avail these loans for any purpose with ease. The loan amount will be decided based on the value of the saris pledged,\" said Chandrakant Padachannanavar, chairman of the cooperative bank, who is the brain behind the initiative.The bank has already disbursed \"sari bank loan\", as it is popularly known, to its customers. A majority who have availed the offer are weavers. \"About 300 saris have been pledged ever since the scheme was introduced some 20 days ago. We expect this to grow when the facility is introduced in all our 50-odd branches,\" Chandrakant said.The main advantage of this facility is that it enables the borrower to avail quick money. These loans come at a lower rate of interest and repayment period is generally shorter.Chandrakant, who himself belongs to the weavers' community, said he introduced the scheme largely to mitigate the problems faced by farmers and weavers in the region. The scheme would be extended to all the bank's branches in north Karnataka.The bank manager analyzes every case differently before granting the loan. The borrower should make sure to pay the loan amount back so that his credit score moves up for a better loan in the future.The loan amount depends on the value of silk saris that one pledges as security. The bank has an evaluator to assess the saris and the loan disbursed is 50% of the total value of the saris. The highest loan availed by a customer is Rs 2.5 lakh. The bank repossesses the silk saris in case of default in repayment.Cleared by Naheed/ed bindu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907637", "title": "UP Power Corporation Limited to buy 2,000 mw power daily for festivals", "text": "LUCKNOW: In view of the festive season ahead, the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) has decided to buy an additional 2,000 mw of power per day from the energy exchange. UPPCL managing director AP Mishra confirmed additional power would be bought from the energy exchange throughout the festive season. In the coming week, Durga Puja will be followed by Dussehra and Eid-ul-Zuha when the demand for power will rise substantially. It will rise gradually over a period of time till Diwali. The arrangement will be in place for nearly a month,\" Mishra said.Significantly, UPPCL had recently not only stopped buying power from the energy exchange but was also not overdrawing from the central grid. The move had led to a significant power shortage across the state, with the National Capital Region (NCR) region, the hub for housing and industrial projects, affected adversely.UPPCL is already under scrutiny of the high court for supplying power to VIP districts like Etawah, Kannauj, Rampur, Hardoi, Sultanpur and Amethi, while neglecting other districts. Additional power will ease the crisis to an extent given the poor state of generation. The total per day generation in the state has been to the tune of around 2,300 mw, while the state has been getting around 4,000 mw from the Central grid.Interestingly, two units of Rosa with a combined capacity of 600 mw have been switched off because of a commercial dispute with the UPPCL. The corporation is yet to pay a sum of around Rs 600 crore to the power plant. This is besides a host of half a dozen power plants which remain tripped following or the other technical reason.Speculations are also rife that additional power would be diverted to industrial areas whose power tariff has been raised. Obviously, this will bring extra revenue to the corporation. It was only on Saturday when the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) gave its nod to the rise in energy charges by around 20 per cent to 30 per cent for industries. As a matter of fact, of the total revenue generation, which recently was around Rs 1,500 crore per month, industries contributed around Rs 1,000 crore. This way, hike in power tariff (domestic and rural consumers remained unaffected) will bring in an additional Rs 200 crore per month. This is significant given the massive revenue gap which stares in the face of the power utility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909189", "title": "Private agency to clean civic hosps?", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to outsource the cleaning of its hospitals to a private agency. The move has come as a response to complaints by itizens that the NMC's hospitals were unhygienic and in the backdrop of the fact that the city Congress workers had recently threatened to agitate against the unclean environment of the hospitals.Congress workers had paid a surprise visit to Dr Zakir Hussain Hospital recently. \"If the NMC fails to maintain cleanliness and does not repair medical instruments at the earliest, we will strongly agitate,\" said city Congress chief Akash Chhajed.When NMC medical officer Dr D B Patil was contacted, he said that it was not possible for the bare minimum staff to look after cleaning throughout the day. \"It is also citizens' responsibility to keep the premises clean. They should not dirty the hospitals.How much will the staff keep cleaning,\" Patil said.He added that it was for this reason that the NMC was planning to outsource the service so that continual cleaning could be maintained. \"Everything is in the nascent stage as yet but I had discussions with the municipal commissioner and we are planning to outsource this job soon, We will have to make a proposal for that and get it approved,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16907372", "title": "'Cloud seeding programme hasn't received funds from government so far'", "text": "BANGALORE: The cloud seeding programme to bring rain to the parched state, which began on October 17, hasn't received funds from government so far, said Arvind Sharma, chief pilot AASAA ( Agni Aerosports Adventure Academy Pvt Ltd). Cloud seeding is a Rs 5-crore project and no money has been paid by the government so far, he said.The operations will go on for a month. Government sources told TOI on Saturday that a sum of Rs 4.9 crore has been released to the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16908038", "title": "Govt ban on locals entering casinos only on paper: Aam Aurat Admi Against Gambling", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government is yet to appoint a gaming commissioner and evolve mechanisms to regulate gambling activities, including barring of entry of locals in casinos, despite passing a legislation recently, Aam Aurat Admi Against Gambling (AAAAG), a NGO, said.\"An Act seeking to remove the powers of the lower court to decide on casino-related matters and instead set up a gaming commission was passed in August 2012, but no rules have been framed,\" AAAAG convener Sabina Martins said.As assured, the government incorporated a provision to bar locals from entering the casinos. \"But this has remained only on paper,\" Rui Ferreira, AAAAG co-convener said.The NGO held a meeting on Sunday to take stock of the illegalities and criticized the government for its passive role in curbing the malaise.It also criticized the government for not installing CCTVs to monitor activities at the casinos and curb cheating in revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913449", "title": "Ankit Gera's soccer mania!", "text": "Actor Ankit Gera, who plays Mayank in Sapne Suhane Ladakpan Ke, is crazy about football.When not shooting, Ankit likes to play football with the crew of his show. \"I started playing football very young and simply love the game. I would play it with my friends after school and this continued till I finished my college,\" he says.Sadly, Ankit hardly gets time to play since he is part of a daily soap, which hardly leaves him with any time to pursue his passion. \"I actually bribe my crew members to play soccer with me and it can be anything \u2014 a glass of lassi, ice-cream or chocolate,\" says he.Well, as long as you are bribing them for something as harmless as this, we ain't complaining.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912129", "title": "Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum release on Nov 9", "text": "The release date of Daggubati Rana's forthcoming action drama Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum (KVJ) is being scheduled on November 9, 2012. Sources close to the production house indicate that the makers are planning to eye the above date, as the movie is nears completion of post-production works. The audio of the film, which was released recently, got a great response and the first trailer has created a good buzz. 'Victory' Venkatesh and Sameera Reddy are playing cameos.Krish (Radhakrishna Jagarlamudi) is directing this action film in which Rana will be seen as a B Tech Babu and Nayanathara is essaying the role of a documentary writer. Sai baba Jagarlamudi is producing the film and Mani Sharma is composing the music. Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum will release simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil ( Ongaram).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16908567", "title": "Pet dogs vaccinated to contain spread of rabies", "text": "MADURAI: In the wake of deaths due to rabies, a free anti-rabies vaccination camp was organised in the city on Sunday.As many as 65 pet dogs were administered anti-rabies vaccine at the camp organised by Pet Care Trust and Pet World clinic. This is the first free camp being organised by a trust in the city this year. The Madurai Corporation had organised a similar free camp in September in a bid to contain rabies.\"The camp was organised for pet dogs. A number of poor pet owners who could not afford to vaccine benefitted from the camp. At the end of the day, we had vaccinated 65 dogs,\" said D Premkumar, a veterinary surgeon, who runs Pet Care Trust.He said that almost all the pet dogs in the city have been vaccinated but for poor pet owners who depend upon such free camps. \"More number of camps of this kind should be conducted to cover all the dogs. All NGOs should pitch in to eradicate rabies,\" Premkumar urged.City health officer Priya Raj said that as many as 120 dogs were sterilised and administered with anti-rabies vaccine, at a free camp held in Sellur last month. \"There are about 34,000 stray dogs in the city limits. We are sterilising and vaccinating 5,000 dogs per year,\" she said.Priya Raj said that there was one veterinary doctor in the service of the city corporation and the civic body has planned to induct one more veterinarian. \"We have also planned to establish another animal birth control centre soon,\" she said.On October 5, a construction worker from Samayanallur died of rabies at the Government Rajaji Hospital, making him the 10th victim to succumb to this deadly disease at the hospital in the last 10 months. Last year too saw as many as 13 persons dying due to rabies at the government hospital in Madurai. A doctor in the government hospital said that 80% of the patients were bitten by stray dogs and 20% by pet dogs. Out of this, 15% of the people are hit by rabies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16914001", "title": "Quantum computing comes closer to reality", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a key step towards creating a working quantum computer, researchers have developed a method that may allow the quick and reliable transfer of quantum information throughout a computing device.The finding, by a team led by Princeton physicist Jason Petta, could eventually allow engineers to build quantum computers consisting of millions of quantum bits, or qubits.So far, quantum researchers have only been able to manipulate small numbers of qubits, not enough for a practical machine.\"The whole game at this point in quantum computing is trying to build a larger system,\" Andrew Houck, who is part of the research team, said.To make the transfer, Petta's team used a stream of microwave photons to analyse a pair of electrons trapped in a tiny cage called a quantum dot. The \"spin state\" of the electrons - information about how they are spinning - serves as the qubit, a basic unit of information. The microwave stream allows the scientists to read that information.\"We create a cavity with mirrors on both ends - but they don't reflect visible light, they reflect microwave radiation,\" Petta said.\"Then we send microwaves in one end, and we look at the microwaves as they come out the other end. The microwaves are affected by the spin states of the electrons in the cavity, and we can read that change,\" he said.In an ordinary sense, the distances involved are very small; the entire apparatus operates over a little more than a centimetre. But on the subatomic scale, they are vast. It is like coordinating the motion of a top spinning on the moon with another on the surface of the earth.\"It's the most amazing thing,\" Jake Taylor, a physicist at the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Joint Quantum Institute at the University of Maryland , who worked on the project with the Princeton team, said.\"You have a single electron almost completely changing the properties of an inch-long electrical system,\" he said.For years, teams of scientists have pursued the idea of using quantum mechanics to build a new machine that would revolutionise computing. The goal is not build a faster or more powerful computer, but to build one that approaches problems in a completely different fashion.Standard computers store information as classical \"bits\", which can take on a value of either 0 or 1. These bits allow programmers to create the complex instructions that are the basis for modern computing power.Since Alan Turing took the first steps toward creating a computer at Princeton in 1936, engineers have created vastly more powerful and complex machines, but this basic binary system has remained unchanged.The power of a quantum computer comes from the strange rules of quantum mechanics, which describe the universe of subatomic particles. Quantum mechanics says that an electron can spin in one direction, representing a 1, or in another direction, a 0.But it can also be in something called \"superposition\" representing all states between 1 and 0. If scientists and engineers can build a working machine that takes advantage of this, they would open up entirely new fields of computing.\"The point of a quantum computer is not that they can do what a normal computer can do but faster; that's not what they are,\" Houck said.\"The quantum computer would allow us to approach problems differently. It would allow us to solve problems that cannot be solved with a normal computer,\" he said.Mathematicians are still working on possible uses for a quantum system, but the machines could allow them to accomplish tasks such as factoring currently unfactorable numbers, breaking codes or predicting the behaviour of molecules.One challenge facing scientists is that the spins of electrons, or any other quantum particles, are incredibly delicate. Any outside influences, whether a wisp of magnetism or glimpse of light, destabilises the electrons' spins and introduces errors.Over the years, scientists have developed techniques to observe spin states without disturbing them. But analysing small numbers of spins is not enough; millions will be required to make a real quantum processor.To approach the problem, Petta's team combined techniques from two branches of science: from materials science, they used a structure called a quantum dot to hold and analyse electrons' spins; and from optics, they adopted a microwave channel to transfer the spin information from the dot.To make the quantum dots, the team isolated a pair of electrons on a small section of material called a \"semiconductor nanowire.\" Basically, that means a wire that is so thin that it can hold electrons like soda bubbles in a straw. They then created small \"cages\" along the wire. The cages are set up so that electrons will settle into a particular cage depending on their energy level.This is how the team reads the spin state: electrons of similar spin will repel, while those of different spins will attract. So the team manipulates the electrons to a certain energy level and then reads their position. If they are in the same cage, they are spinning differently; if they are in different cages, the spins are the same.The second step is to place this quantum dot inside the microwave channel. This allows the team to transfer the information about the pair's spin state - the qubit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16908284", "title": "Highway contractors line up for government funded projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: Highway contractors, who have been facing a financial crunch, have lined up for road projects to be built with 100% government funding. In the past two weeks, at least 50-60 companies for each such project on engineering-procurement-construction (EPC) have applied for pre-qualification to bid for these works.Initially, National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has identified eight such projects in Rajasthan and the second set of such works in Uttar Pradesh would be out soon. \"All types of road construction companies including the big ones like L&T;, GMR and Gammon have applied for pre-qualification. We expect good response when financial bidding starts,\" a senior NHAI official said.All the eight projects in Rajasthan are in the range of Rs 200 crore to Rs 500 crore. Officials said the projects have been designed in a manner where contractors won't get more than 10% profit in executing these works.Industry insiders said that response for such projects is much more since companies don't need to raise loans from banks. Moreover, the risk of EPC projects is with the government. \"You will get back the entire amount. All responsibilities of clearances are with government. There is no need to invest from your pocket whereas in the build-operate-transfer (BOT) projects, getting loan has become difficult,\" a private contractor said.National Highways Builders Federation ( NHBF) secretary general M Murali said EPC projects will get more takers since financing BOT projects has become difficult. \"In the past couple of years, interest rate has increased from 8.5% to 15%. Banks have become stringent. Moreover, how can you get at least Rs 2.1 lakh crore finance that you need to execute 7,500 km highways work for three continuous years,\" he added.NHAI officials feel contractors in the BOT segment will come for good projects. In fact, after almost a six-month lull, NHAI received two bids for a BOT-Toll project last week. The four-laning of 154 km Salasar-Haryana border project costing Rs 601 crore was cleared by the Cabinet last week. NHAI officials said while the government had set 33% viability gap funding (VGF) for this project, one of the bidders quoted 27% VGF. GR Infra and Galfar Infrastructure are the two bidders for this project.\"EPC is certainly less risky for contractors. Medium and small players, who were earlier sub-contractors, would take more projects. But we feel the big players will eye viable BOT projects since greater risk can bring more revenue,\" a highway ministry official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16912900", "title": "Youth takes out businessman\u2019s car for test drive, never returns", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Identifying himself as an engineering student, a youth took a businessman's car for a test drive in Unit-IV market area of Kharavelnagar in the city four days ago, and has since not returned. The businessman, Sheikh Mustaffa, has lodged a complaint at a police station, following which police launched a manhunt to nab the conman.Police said the youth befriended Mustaffa a fortnight ago in the market, where the victim runs a business. He won over Mustaffa by his pleasant personality and fluent spoken English. The accused then proposed to purchase Mustaffa's car and wanted to test-drive the SUV.\"On the fateful day, Mustaffa sent the car along with his driver for the test drive and the accused fled with the car,\" Kharavelnagar police station inspector in-charge Manoj Kumar Samant told TOI.Initially Mustaffa's driver was driving the car and the accused sat beside him. Subsequently the youth insisted he wanted to drive the car himself. After driving some distance the man pretended some noise was coming from the rear wheel and asked the driver to get off the car and check it. \"The moment the driver came out of the car, the accused zoomed past him and disappeared,\" Samant said. Police sources said the accused, while in touch with Mustaffa, was using four different mobile SIM cards.The incident rekindled the memory of a similar bike theft racket in the city last year. A schoolgirl was arrested here on August 6, 2011 for stealing scooterettes by posing as an employee of a leading two-wheeler manufacturing company. The Class X girl used to visit houses of people, inquire about the condition of their scooterettes and took the two-wheelers for test ride. After that she never returned. Police had seized 13 two-wheelers, which she had abandoned at deserted places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16914438", "title": "Young entrepreneurs of BHU to promote solar energy", "text": "VARANASI: Unlike most of their classmates who wait for lucrative job offers in their final year of engineering courses, a group of fourth year students of Indian Institute of Technology Banaras Hindu University (IIT-BHU) have set a different trend by starting their own company before completion of engineering and are aiming to help world face the challenges of power crisis in near future.Using solar energy, the young entrepreneurs are developing and installing solar power plant, solar water heater, solar submersible pumps, solar lighting and other equipments. Adarsh Khandelwal, the chief executive officer of this company and a fourth year student of IIT BHU says, \"Our vision is to make the country self-sustainable in energy needs in next few decades. We want to start it by making Varanasi a solar city and for that purpose we have already designed space and cost efficient solar energy system for Sankat Mochan Temple for making the temple self-sufficient in electricity needs\".These students are also developing solar operated boats, which would replace fuel being used at present to operate motor boats in near future. According to Khandelwal, these boats are being reviewed under technical phase and is expected to be cost efficient than fuel operated boats.Apart from providing an alternative solution to diesel, petrol and electricity from grid supply, Khandelwal along with team members Aditya Kackcker and Jai Prakash is also working in rural belt of city outskirts to help farmers and villagers in getting cheaper and constant supply of electricity by switching over non-conventional energy.\"The electricity from grid supply costs around Rs 4.5 per unit while if generated from diesel generator it costs around Rs 15 per unit. In comparison to it the power generated from solar energy system costs cheaper.However, the cost of installing solar devices and space are two major problems for utilising solar energy. To meet that, we design space efficient system for every person as per their need and space available. We are also working to make a design for which a vast land area or rooftop is not required,\" informed Khandelwal.Notably, the young entrepreneurs are getting financial, business, technical support and guidance from professors at Technology Business Incubator, sponsored by department of Science and Technology, government of India at IIT-BHU. According to Khandelwal, while they are installing solar energy systems for all interested people, they are focusing on technical institutions and rural areas for their energy needs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16906956", "title": "Parents of accident victim get Rs 25L relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Motor Accident Claims Tribunal (MACT) has granted a compensation of Rs 25.17 lakh to the parents of a man who was killed in a road accident in 2010.The tribunal directed National Insurance Company Limited, with which the bus that killed the man was insured, to shell out the sum. Akshay Soloman, had died after the bus rammed his bike from behind.\"I award Rs 25.17 lakh as compensation with interest at the rate of 7.5% per annum, including interim award, if any from the date of filing the petition (December 13, 2010) ..., in favour of the petitioner and against the respondents on account of their liability being joint and several. Both petitioners (parents) shall have equal share in the amount awarded,\" said MACT presiding officer S K Aggarwal in his verdict.The court's order came on a plea by Akshay's parents for a compensation of Rs 25 lakh for the untimely death of their son. According to the petition, 21-year-old Akshay was returning home from office on his bike around 5.30pm on November 30, 2010, when the bus hit him near Punjabi Bagh flyover. Akshay died on the spot.The lawyer for the parents informed the court that the victim worked with a private firm and was drawing a salary of Rs 14,800 a month. He contended that the bus was driven in a rash and negligent manner. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909244", "title": "As consumers, men make more complaint calls than women", "text": "CHENNAI: Women, today, have made their mark and are well represented in almost every professional sector, but they are yet to arrive in terms of asserting their rights as a consumer . A report by the National Consumer Helpline, run by the Union ministry of consumer affairs, shows a vast chasm between the genders with men making 92.9% of all calls in the past one year and women making only 7.1% of calls.Launched in 2005, the helpline recorded a total of 1.43 lakh calls between October 2011 and September 2012. The helpline is run through a tollfree number which covers areas ranging from product information , banking, telecom, insurance to medical negligence and even women's issues . The helpline, in fact, has shown a significant increase in calls as compared to the previous year, February 2010-March 2011, when it recorded only 68,698 calls. Heartening though this increase may be, the participation of women still leaves much to be desired.In an age when women are increasingly balancing professional responsibilities with personal chores, this phenomenon might seem a little odd. \"That's because when it comes to making complaints and dealing with officialdom, women still prefer men to make the calls,\" said R Desikan , trustee for Consumer Association of India.Tamil Nadu, northeastern states record fewest calls to helpline\"Given the system here , Indians in general and women in particular stilldohave a lingering fear of being attacked or maligned just because they choose to raise their voice about a bad service or product . I have had even female IAS officials approach me because they could not handle it themselves directly.\"Interestingly , the four southern states , including Tamil Nadu , and the northeastern states , recorded the least number of calls on the helpline , said a recent report on number of calls in 2011. Participation was particularly high in Delhi (35 .68%), Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra , Haryana and Rajasthan (In descending order ). On the other hand , Tamil Nadu clocked only 0.84 % of the calls , Karnataka with 1.62 %, Andhra Pradesh with 1.32 % and Kerala with a paltry 0.26 % of the total calls made across the country last year.A Delhi-based activist attributed this mainly to language issues. \"Firstly , the 'Jaago Graahak Campaign ' started by the ministry to raise awareness on the helpline was done mainly in Hindi and English ,\" said Ashim Sanyal , COO and secretary of Consumer voice . \"There were few campaigns done in vernacular languages . Secondly , muchof the awareness campaign was done only in the northern states . Due to lack of funds , we have been unabletocampaign similarly in southern and north-eastern states .\"Desikan added , \"We already have several excellently performing local consumer helplines which are being used by people . So there is not much need to approach a national helpline .\" In the month of September 2012, amongst 10,035 calls made from across the country ,only onecallwaslinkedto women's issues. T Mohan , a city-based lawyer , pointed out that this may be more due to the social and administrative set-up .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16907996", "title": "'Mini India Park' in eco-fragile land irks Quelossim villagers", "text": "PANAJI: A discussion on a proposed multi-crore 'Mini India Park' in a khazan area of Quelossim village and the acceptance letter issued by the panchayat to the promoter without seeking any project plans, raised much heat and dust at a gram sabha of Cortalim-Quelossim panchayat on Sunday.In a meeting chaired by sarpanch Hilario Figueiredo, the villagers of Quelossim raised several queries regarding the 'willingness letter' issued by the panchayat to the promoter without receiving or perusing any documents from the party.Styled as a one-of-its-kind 'Mini India Park', a Pune-based hotels and resort firm has proposed a 'tourist entertainment park' in Quelossim. Villagers say the site is an eco-sensitive zone, comprising a khazan land on the Zuari riverfront with a thick cover of mangroves. The promoter assured it will generate jobs for locals. 'We are keen in maintaining the natural balance and beauty and not damage the mangroves in the property,' the firm stated in a letter dated August 16, 2012, seeking approval (NOC) from the panchayat.The project envisages a display of India's heritage monuments in natural form, its multi-faceted culture, including festivals, dances and culinary delights. The park also envisages 'setting up of marine and water sports activities with houseboats', the promoter has stated in a letter submitted to the panchayat along with a brochure.'The panchayat had already recommended the project (for approval) to chief town planner,' the promoter stated in the letter.Six out of the 11 panchayat members, including the sarpanch had okayed the grant of clearance to the project at its monthly meeting on September 14, 2012. It is an \"environment-friendly proposal\" and \"will create job opportunities for local people\", they stated during the meeting.The sarpanch issued the letter to the party conveying acceptance and confirmation of the project in survey no 170 and 171 for setting up the 'Mini India Park' on September 24, 2012.But the villagers grilled the sarpanch for issuing it merely on the basis of a brochure and without verifying any documents. \"We would like to peruse the documents on record,\" a member demanded. But a copy of the brochure was one of the few papers that the panchayat authorities could produce, villagers alleged.A few members, who supported the project, stated the mini park had been recommended for approval by the previous panchayat body. But none could produce the minutes confirming the recommendation.While the agitated members were demanding and proposing a resolution to suggest withdrawal of the letter, the sarpanch allegedly walked off without adjourning the meeting. The members objected to the confirmation of the minutes of the previous meeting held on July 15, 2012, regarding the bifurcation of the panchayat into separate entities, Cortalim and Quelossim, stating they were not properly recorded.The process of notifying Quelossim as a separate panchayat had been approved at various levels, including the law department, and reached the stage of notification. But a remark had been noted on the file recently at the government level that bifurcation was not acceptable and the matter may be treated as closed.Upset with the government's stance, the villagers demanded that the panchayat should pursue it through the local MLA with the chief minister, seeking answers and reasons for the rejection of the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16908790", "title": "Federal Bank's profit rises 12.5% in September quarter", "text": "KOCHI: Aluva-based private lender Federal Bank has reported a 12.52% rise in its second-quarter profit to Rs 215.10 crore compared with Rs 191.16 crore in the corresponding year-ago quarter.Total income rose 12.14% to Rs 1,665.04 crore from Rs 1,484.79 crore reported in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal.Second-quarter net interest margin stood at 3.58%. Net Non-Performing Assets (NPAs), return on average assets, and the capital adequacy ratio were at 0.68%, 1.43% and 15.79%, respectively as on September 30, 2012. Total deposits were Rs 49,518.07 crore at the end of the quarter, with NRI deposits clocking an increase of 39.26% from the prior-year period to Rs 13,119.66 crore. Retail deposits rose 18.64% to touch Rs 43,690.40 crore.During the first half of the current fiscal, Federal Bank reported a net profit of Rs 405.45 crore as against Rs 337.32 crore last year, registering 20% growth.As on September 30, 2012, the bank's net advances stood at Rs 36,299.18 crore. Retail and the small and medium enterprises (SME) business segments grew by 17.59% and 15.36%, respectively. Retail advances form 30.37% of the bank's gross advances while SME contributes 30.72%.The bank's advance to the priority sector was at Rs 13,176.63 crore. Lending to the agriculture sector reached Rs 4,628.44 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16912539", "title": "I'm ready to wait: Radhika", "text": "It was the 2006 hit movie, that also starred Prithviraj and Kavya Madhavan , which gave actress Radhika a big break in Mollywood. Her character as Raziya was much praised by the audience. Later, the actress did several movies in Mollywood, but success eluded her.Now Radhika is pinning all hopes on Rajesh Nair's Annum Innum Ennum. \" Yes , I have high hopes for the flick. It is a new-generation movie that today's youngsters will be able to relate to easily. It has a different take on love as well,\" says the actress who has a meaty role in the flick.Radhika, who is paired opposite Jishnu in the flick, says she has not signed any other projects so far. \"I'm ready to wait. I want to see how the audience will react to my character in Annum Innum Ennum, before taking up any other movie,\" she shares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16910903", "title": "6 ways to get more from pen drives", "text": "That pen drive you carry along has become indispensible, letting you ferry documents, photos, music and movies to and fro.But it can do so much more. It can protect against viruses, automatically back-up data, launch your favourite programs off any PC without installing them, and even run a full operating system. Indeed, your USB drive is the digital equivalent of a Swiss army knife...Pen drive PC Most Linux operating systems, including Ubuntu (www.ubuntu.com) and Fedora (fedoraproject.org), can be run entirely off your pen drive. And we aren't talking about a stripped-down version either. Ubuntu, for example, runs just like it would if you installed it on your hard drive. It's not as fast, but it's spiffy enough for browsing the web or working on office documents.The obvious advantage is that you get to carry your computer with you in your pocket. Any computer you come across can instantly become your own by just plugging in your pen drive.Currently, Windows and Mac don't have support for this, but Microsoft will soon be launching a new version called Windows 8 On The Go.Portable programs Just like portable operating systems, there is a host of apps that can run directly off your pen drive. For example, there are portable versions of the Firefox and Chrome browsers, the dictionary software Wordweb and even the image editing tool IrfanView. Portable apps also offer the advantage of letting you run your favourite programs off your pen drive when you don't have administrator privileges on your office PC to install them. You will find a large collection of such free software on www.portableapps.com, www.portablefreeware .com, or www.pendriveapps.com.Don't just delete In Windows, when you delete a file, it goes to the Recycle Bin - a helpful in-between step that lets you recover a file if you accidentally trash it. But on a pen drive, when you click delete, it's gone forever.Well, not if you use a nifty tool called iBin (sourceforge.net/projects/ibin). Essentially, iBin is a portable Recycle Bin for your pen drive. Download and extract the iBin folder to your USB drive and when you next plug it in, the program will start automatically. It continuously monitors your removable drive; if you try to delete any file, iBin will ask if you want to erase it or 'Dump it to iBin'. This way, your file stays on your drive for now.Given that pen drive sizes are increasing, it's a helpful app to have, especially since it won't take up too much space. Of course, if you're running short, you can always clean up your iBin with a click.Stay safe It's a fear that everyone has. You plug your pen drive into a PC and a virus from that system infects your device without you knowing it. Then you come home, connect your USB drive to your laptop and just like that, your hard drive is infected. An antivirus can only help to a certain degree. The smarter option is to make your pen drive read-only, so that when you plug it into a system, nothing can be written on it.To do this, grab USB Write Protector (www.gaijin.at/dlusbwp.-php ). Once it's on your drive, run the program and you'll get an option to switch USB Write Protection on or off. If it's on, nothing can be written to the pen drive. However, Write Protector doesn't work instantly; once you switch it on, you'll have to eject and reconnect your pen drive for it to start.Password protect In your pen drive, there might be some data that you don't want others to see. But you still want others to be able to use the pen drive. Rohos Mini Drive Portable (www.rohos.com/products/rohos-minidrive ) allows you to create a hidden partition within your pen drive, which is both encrypted and locked with a password. Of course, if you want to passwordprotect the entire drive such that the whole drive is locked down, then a great software to do that is Cryptainer LE (www.cypherix.com/cryptainer_le_download _center.htm).Automatic backups If you keep your documents on a pen drive and work directly on them, then you know how much of a pain it can be to back-up those files each time you connect the drive to your PC. But USB Flash Copy (www.usbflashcopy.com) offers a simpler solution.The app runs off the pen drive and lets you choose which folder on your hard drive it should automatically back-up files to. Additional options include settings for each file type, as well as whether to overwrite old files or keep copies of them. The cool part is that USB Flash Copy lets you create multiple profiles, so that if you use two PCs (such as home and office), you can have different settings for backing up to each of them, ensuring maximum data safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pulivendula", "code": "16908568", "title": "I'd never indulge in religious campaign, says Vijayamma", "text": "PULIVENDULA: Taking umbrage at reports that she was preaching people to practise a particular religion, YSR Congress Party honorary president Y S Vijayamma on Sunday dismissed reports that she was indulging in religious campaign in the ongoing padayatra of her daughter Sharmila.Talking to the media here, Vijayamma said that she always carries the holy Bible in her hand but some people misrepresented it as if she was forcing the religion on the people. \"Carrying the Bible gives me confidence and solace. I would never ever indulge in a religious campaign or politics of religion,\" she asserted.She said that her religion was humanism. Vijayamma added that she has respect for all the religions. She said she came to politics after the tragic death of her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "16908480", "title": "CM: Don't oppose development issues", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Inaugurating the 125th birth anniversary of Bihar's first chief minister Shri Krishna Sinha at Khudiram Bose stadium here on Sunday, CM Nitish Kumar advised his opponents not to oppose issues related to Bihar's progress. He said states facing no or less hindrance in development have progressed the most. The CM said some of his opponents were showing envy and even enmity against him but if they try to play with the progress of Bihar, 10.50 crore people of the state would not tolerate it as they were not ready to return to the same darkness they faced for 15 years prior to the NDA rule. \"Don't break this peaceful trend of development,\" he appealed to all sections of society.Paying tributes to Shri Babu, the CM announced that the contributions of Shri Babu would be included in the school syllabus and a documentary film would be prepared on the subject to remember Bihar Kesari's contributions so that the modern Bihar can take lessons from him. Historians would be requested to write afresh on various aspects related to the first chief minister for this purpose, he added. The CM said all institutions and organizations associated with his name would be renovated by the government. He referred to one such institution which lies in Munger.He said Shri Babu's contributions with regard to the abolition of zamindari and his habit of encouraging the public for development cannot be forgotten. His government has picked up some threads from his practices, Nitish said. He said the agricultural development and an improvement in the lifestyle of farmers was on the top of his government's agenda. His government has prepared an agriculture roadmap aimed at accelerating the income of growers. It was Shri Babu who first tried to boost agricultural production by launching various irrigation-related projects. The government has decided to hold year-long programmes on Shri Babu during 2012-13. An all-party committee would be constituted. He said the life and contributions of Anugrah Narain Singh, too, would be highlighted.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi said all big institutions of Bihar and Jharkhand that exist today were established by Shri Babu. Bihar was at par with Mumbai in 1955 only due to the untiring efforts of Shri Babu, he said. Local MLA Suresh Sharma, who presided over the function, welcomed the CM. Ministers Ramai Ram and Vijay Kumar Chaudhary also paid tributes to Shri Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16908735", "title": "Yash Chopra: The man who turned Chandigarh into Bollywood hotspot", "text": "CHANDIGARH: When Yash Chopra shot for \" Veer-Zaara\" in the Chandigarh region years ago, he was not only making an epic romance that was set against golden mustard fields, but he was also helping the City Beautiful break a jinx. Being sidelined by Bollywood during the dark years of militancy, Chandigarh sprang to life on the big screen with the cross-border romance \"Veer-Zaara\" in 2004.The film-maker, who breathed his last on Sunday in Mumbai, would always be remembered in this region for his unmistakable preference for all things Punjabi.Vivek Atray, former UT director (tourism), recalls, \"He was chairman of UT's Cinematic Tourism Advisory Committee in 2006-07 and attended a couple of meetings to chalk out a roadmap for promoting film tourism in Chandigarh. He set the ball rolling for shootings in Chandigarh and inspired others to come here.\"He added: \"I recently met him to present him my book and he looked pretty healthy at that time. Chandigarh owes its place on the film shooting map to him.\" Locals who got a chance to work with the crew were surprised to find that Chopra was a true Punjabi at heart, who insisted on conversing in his mother tongue while shooting in the vicinity.City residents who worked with Yash Chopra fondly recall that he was a true Punjabi at heart, who insisted on conversing in his mother tongue while shooting in the vicinity. \"We were shooting in Hoshiarpur village (ahead of Mullanpur), 16km from Chandigarh where Shahrukh Khan's village was set up. While driving to the location, he happened to see a sugarcane juice seller. The next day, he was stationed at the location and along with the crew, scores of onlookers were served free juice. That was Yashji,\" recalls Darshan Aulakh, production manager for 'Veer-Zaara'.\"In a way, it was this film that inspired other production houses to shoot in Chandigarh after militancy days,\" he adds. \"I shot for the film in Ranjitpura village, on the outskirts of Chandigarh. I was one of the students in the all-girls school set up by Amitabh Bachchan. Shahrukh Khan's house was also there in the film. I was still in Class V then and Yash uncle told me that kids from Punjab don't need to go and struggle in Mumbai, where 1 lakh young strugglers were already waiting to make a mark. He assured us that he would give fair chance to talented actors,\" says Pragati Trikha, a child artist.Anil Puri, local distributor for Yashraj Films, was too upset and not in the frame of mind to talk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16908904", "title": "Why India is not on the job", "text": "India might be feted as an 'emerging economy', but it's also a nation of millions of underprivileged - those unemployed, underemployed or working at minimal wages. Clearly, these millions have never been a part of the 'Shining India' saga.Nearly 30 million (mn) of India's labour force is unemployed, 26 mn are officially underemployed, 40 mn want additional work and 35 mn are looking for other alternatives of livelihood. According to a National Sample Survey Organisation (NSSO) 2009-10 survey, the size of India's workforce is between 430 and 471 mn. The lower number indicates people who look for work every day, while the higher points to those who have joined the workforce at some point in the year.Nation within nationIndia's official upper limit of unemployment and underemployment is about 70 million \u2014 that's more than the population of countries such as France, UK, Italy, South Korea, Spain and Canada. Even this figure is disputed by experts who believe that the actual number is several times larger. The official 6.6% unemployment rate is possibly a mirage created by the complex nature of the labour market.India's labour market is characterised by part-time workers, seasonality of work, underemployment and social factors which restrict many women from joining the labour force. Compared to 56% of our male population, only 23% of women are part of India's total workforce : people who are usually employed. Of the 26 mn usually employed who couldn't find work through the year, 17 mn were women. This results in a huge loss in person-days. In rural India, nearly one-third of women workers' person days are lost annually, while in the cities 15% of working days of women employees go unutilised. There's a significant number of male workers invisibly underemployed. They want additional work or are looking for other avenues. More than 60% cite low wages as the main reason.Employed yet BPLThe visible or invisible lack of work measured through unemployment and underemployment statistics doesn't quite give the true picture. Being employed alone doesn't guarantee an escape from poverty. The official limit of unemployed and underemployed is 70 million while the most conservative poverty estimates (30%) translate into 359 mn people. That means, officially , at least 289 mn Indians are not unemployed, don't want additional income and aren't looking for alternative careers, but are below the poverty line.Perhaps the 'employed yet BPL' crisis is because of a large chunk of people classified in the NSSO's 'self-employed' category . In the absence of reliable data on incomes, a household's expenditure is considered a fairly good indicator of its income . Arranging India's population according to the monthly per capita consumer expenditure (MPCE), it emerges that among the poorest rural 'employed' Indians , 42% are self-employed . The figure is 43% for urban India. Far from being a sign of newfound entrepreneurial confidence, distress is the main reason behind the significant numbers of the self-employed.In the rural sector, even the top 10% have a substantial number of self-employed people, understandable because the bulk are farmers. However, there is a huge difference in the average expenditure of the richest 10% of the rural population as compared to the corresponding urban group, which has a moderately higher proportion of people with regular salaried jobs \u2014 41.4% against 41.1% self-employed.What accounts for the poor quality of employment and disparities in income? The reasons are lack of job creation in the organized sector, the slow rate of shift of employment from agriculture and shortage of skilled labour. Over the years, agriculture's share in GDP has declined but the proportion of the workforce employed in the sector has remained static. From the 1950s, when agriculture constituted about 50% of GDP, its share has fallen to 15% in 2009-10 , but it has remained the mainstay of employment. As a result, average income from agriculture is the lowest among all sectors.According to a recently released report of the ministry of labour and employment, the share of industries is 28% while the remaining 58% of India's GDP comes from the services sector. Although they constitute 86% of India's GDP, services and industries give employment to only 47% of the workforce \u2014 22% in industries and 25% in services. It is evident that part of the employment problem stems from lack of skill development and inadequate creation of opportunities in the non-agricultural sectors.India &amp; others", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907288", "title": "Man loses Rs 5L in e-banking", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after TOI reported the case of a south Delhi businessman from whose account crooks siphoned off Rs 55 lakh; another businessman from Safdarjung Enclave was duped in a similar way. Pankaj Kumar Bhasin, police said, has an account in Axis Bank in Green Park and had activated his internet banking facility on this account.On October 5, his number got deactivated all of a sudden. He approached the Vodafone store to fix the problem but came to know that a person had already got a new SIM issued in their name after reporting the loss, police said.By the time, they received their SIM back, Rs 5,48,300 had already been transferred to another account. The shocked couple approached the bank for details who confirmed to them the transaction 'they' had carried and also provided them with the transferee's account number. A case was then registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16908571", "title": "Shinde accuses Pakistan of helping terrorists sneak into India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on Sunday attacked Pakistan for fomenting terror in India, accusing the neighbour of helping infiltration bids into Indian territory and organizing attacks on military convoys in J&K; to spread fear.The development is being seen as a toughening of stance by India on cross-border terrorism after recent attempts of normalizing ties through bilateral trade negotiations and visa agreements.The recent past had seen very little terror rhetoric directed at Pakistan, except for occasional assertions on bringing the 26/11 accused to book. Sunday's statement from the home minister, however, is an indication of India's growing impatience with Pakistan despite its assurance of cracking down on terror infrastructure in its country, sources in the security establishment said.Speaking on the sidelines of a police commemoration day event in New Delhi, Shinde said, \"We have credible information that Pakistan is helping terrorists to enter our territory. We have intelligence inputs. But we are alert. We have directed all concerned to be extra vigilant during the ongoing festive season to ensure peace and safety of citizens. I also appeal to the people to be on guard and be extra careful.\"The minister further said terrorists backed by Pakistan had been organizing attacks on military convoys in Jammu and Kashmir to spread fear.Shinde's statement came a day after Pakistani troops opened fire on Indian posts across the Line of Control (LoC) in J&K;'s Poonch district, yet again violating the ceasefire agreement with India.The incident where Pakistani troops fired 600 rounds between 10.30 pm and 11.30 pm on Friday is being seen as an attempt to help militants infiltrate into the Valley. \"It is a classic way of diverting attention of Indian troops guarding the border. Militants take advantage of this to sneak into India,\" said an official from the security establishment.For the past week, Pakistani troopers have been targeting Indian positions on the LoC as well as the international border. On October 16, three civilians, including a pregnant woman, were killed in Pakistani firing in the Uri sector of the Kashmir Valley.According to sources, Pakistan has violated the ceasefire agreement with India on at least 275 occasions since 2006. While 2010 recorded 56 cases of ceasefire violations by Pakistan, the figure stood at 57 for 2011. In 2012, 47 such cases have been recorded, indicating that there is no let-up in efforts from across the border to help infiltration despite civilian governments on both sides working to normalize ties.\"India has been refraining from making open accusations against Pakistan and trying to work on things through bilateral talks. However, despite assurances from the civilian government, elements in the Pakistani establishment have continued anti-India activity. Perhaps, a mix of posturing and negotiations is essential to push Pakistan to act,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16912823", "title": "Demand for sheep surges ahead of Bakrid", "text": "HUBLI: The festival season has boosted the sale of sheep at the sheep market in the APMC yard. Prices of meat have skyrocketed in view of Bakrid and Dasara celebrations this week.People from far off places including Haveri, Gadag, Belgaum, and Bijapur flocked to the market to buy sheep. There is a shortage of sheep this year due to drought that hit the region, resulting in steep price rise. Till last year, price of a sheep was in the Rs 3,000 - Rs 25,000 range, but, this time, prices have shot up to Rs 8,000 - Rs 60,000.Many award winning rams and sheep were also for sale for heavy prices in the market. There was a huge demand for strong and plump sheep and rams, and buyers had no chance for haggling with sellers.Many buyers were seen returning without buying sheep due to heavy prices and shortage of sheep. The Saturday sheep market is well known in the region. \"Prices of sheep have increased by 40 per cent compared to last year,\" said Shambu Kalasad of Haveri.Nagaraj Menasakkanavar of Ballur village in Navalgund taluk, who came to the market with four rams, fixed Rs 60,000 for his prize winning ram. He said, \"We have not reared many sheep and rams this year due to drought. We managed to rear two or three good sheep and a few rams.\"Raju Badi, a jewellery shop owner from Gadag, who bought a ram by paying Rs 15,000, said he paid Rs 9,000 for a ram of the same weight last year.Mohammad Savanur said, \"I wanted to buy a sheep for Bakrid, but I could not buy today because prices are very high. So, I am going back empty handed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16913105", "title": "Bakra mandis doing brisk business despite price rise", "text": "KANPUR: With only a few days left for Eid-uz-Zuha, makeshift markets for sacrificial animals are buzzing with activities. The animal traders are doing brisk business. The sky-rocketing prices have not proved to be a dampener.People are thronging the places and hectic negotiations could be seen. The most sought after breed is `barbari', with an animal priced between Rs 7,000 and Rs 10,000 and yielding about 15-20 kg of meat.Eid-uz-Zuha commemorates Prophet Ibrahim's willingness to sacrifice his beloved son Ismail on God's command. Muslims believe that a sacrificed goat is a reflection of one's own spiritual sacrifice and see it as essential for achieving communion with Allah (God).They sacrifice the goats and distribute the meat among family, friends and the poor.The Bakra markets at Jajmau, Rajbi road, Nai Sadak, Bakarmandi and Babupurwa are buzzing with activities. \"The demand of `Barbari' 'Jamunapari' and 'desi' is more. Two teethed animals are preferred,\" said Imran, a trader, who had come from Sachendi with a flock of goats.The rates of sacrificial goats are high this year. A number of sellers are bringing the animals in the market fully decorated to attract the customers. Bilal, a seller, had brought a rare breed of `Barbari' costing Rs 21,000. The animal is yet to find a buyer. This `Barbari' goat is having four teeth. He said that the animals with two and four teeths are in great demand.Kalim had brought a sacrificial goat weighing 30 kg. He is demanding Rs 50,000 for it.\"There are good breeds of goats available here but the market is dull as the rates are high,\" said Shakeel, a buyer from Quli Bazaar area.\"I have visited a few other goat markets to cross-check the rates. This year, the rates are quite high. The sellers are charging from Rs 7,000 to 8,000 per goat,\" said Asad, a buyer while talking to TOI.\"This year the prices have soared because of export of a large numbers of animals to big cities like Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata and various other parts of the countries,\" said a trader at Bakarganj goat market.\"Sale is at its peak and people are on a buying spree,\" said Shahroz, a wholesaler, on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16908201", "title": "Non-explosive blasting material to replace ammonium nitrate", "text": "NEW DELHI: A new industrial blasting material, touted as a \"non-explosive\" that can be handled without the risk of it being diverted for subversive acts, is being tested by the government as an alternative to conventional explosives such as ammonium nitrate.Ammonium nitrate, which is prone to pilferage during storage and transportation, is a common choice of terrorists and insurgents for assembling bombs and IEDs, but the new Green Break Technology (GBT), once approved by the Petroleum and Explosives Safety Organization (PESO), will help the government perpetually block fresh licences for the manufacture of conventional explosives.A GBT cartridge does the same job as ammonium nitrate fuel oil (ANFO) -- splitting open rocks, bringing down buildings and carving tunnels through mountains but unlike other explosives, it cannot be diverted for making bombs as it cannot be detonated or exploded.While TNT and ANFO burn and send out shockwaves that send shrapnel flying around hundreds of metres, GBT, when ignited, only reacts chemically to produce a large amount of harmless gas. The pressure from the gas helps in fracturing rocks, and fragments fall harmlessly close to the spot where the cartridge is ignited.Sources in the department of industrial policy and promotion (DIPP) indicated that PESO had already approved the claim of its manufacturers that it is non-hazardous - classified in the same category as a car airbag -- that can be transported and stored without the restrictions required in the case of traditional explosives.The home ministry, based on the PESO findings, is expected to give the go-ahead to GBT, to be brought to India by Alchemist Group's Eco Breaking Technologies, while keeping all future licensing for manufacture of other explosives suspended.The issue of fresh licences for manufacturing explosives was placed under suspension in 2010 to enable introduction of an e-tracking system for explosives, particularly ammonium nitrate. E-tracking, being developed by the National Institute for Smart Government, involves online reporting of every single transaction in ammonium nitrate and other explosives.Intelligence Bureau and National Investigation Agency ( NIA) would be given connectivity to this crucial database that will help trace back the explosive to up to 15-20 handlers.GBT Ltd, South Africa , which holds the global patent for GBT, is exporting cartridges to many African countries. It has licensed an Indian company, Eco Breaking Technologies of the Alchemist Group, to manufacture GBT cartridges at a domestic facility. EBT had applied for an industrial licence with DIPP but as all future licences were put on hold in 2010, the DIPP moved the home ministry to allow lifting of the restrictions.The home ministry agreed to test GBT's claims of safety and non-risky nature of its cartridges and entrusted the job to PESO. PESO came back with an initial report but MHA was dissatisfied with the testing results. The agency was asked to undertake further testing, and is now believed to have finalized a report that authenticates its non-lethal credentials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16913365", "title": "9-day biz opportunity for some", "text": "MYSORE: The nine-day Dasara festivities mean different things for different people. For street vendors, it is nine days of brisk business and this has small traders from outside Karnataka too making a dash for Mysore during Dasara.People from north Indian states of Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh throng the city to make hay while the sun shines by selling items like balloons, decorative items, musical instruments like flute, dholak and toys.Bikram Singh from Bhopal said a team of 30 people from Madhya Pradesh have come to Mysore for business. \"Dasara means business for us and we are making huge profits. This is the fourth year we are coming to Mysore for Dasara,\" he says.Bikram's friend Anand chips in saying they sell balloons and air-filled items at Rs 20 and Rs 30 each and the business has picked up since day one. The men add that they have managed to make some time for sightseeing along with business.Rashid and Mohammed Umar from Mumbai are in Mysore for the first time. A dozen of them are in Mysore to sell dholak. The duo say they heard of Mysore Dasara and decided to come here this year. The dholaks are priced at Rs 250 a piece. Like them vendors from other parts of Karnataka are in Mysore for business. They are largely found around Mysore Palace, especially at its south and north gates.Fairoz, a local vendor, looked worried because of lack of visitors this year compared to last year. \"This year, may be 10,000 people are visiting the Palace everyday, as against previous year's 30,000 to 40,000 every day,\" he laments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16908627", "title": "Despite vows, 'Hitler' still stands in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The shop called Hitler continues to thumb its nose at the city's civic authorities and human rights activists across the globe. The shop owners had promised to cooperate with the state government, which in turn had assured Israel's consul-general in Mumbai, Orna Sagiv, that the matter would be resolved.But the owners have not yet dismantled the board that proclaims 'Hitler', which is also emblazoned with a swastika.Sagiv had raised the issue with senior Gujarat government bureaucrats and was assured of a solution during her visit to Gujarat in early September. The clothing store, located near Vastrapur Lake, may turn out to be an unnecessary irritant ahead of the Vibrant Gujarat global summit to be held next year at which many Israeli business majors are going to participate.Now, the two young owners of the shop - Rajesh Shah and Manish Chandani - have dropped the plan of bringing the board down. They claim that they were assured of compensation by Jewish groups but nothing materialized. Chandani said, \"I was promised compensation of Rs 1.5 lakh for the money I spent on the board and the branding activity. None of the members of the Jewish community or their supporters have turned up after making that promise. I then dropped the idea of removing the board.\"Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra told TOI that the corporation's team was assured by the two owners in September that the board would be brought down. \"It's surprising that it has not happened,\" he said. \"I will ask my team members to take necessary action. This is being insensitive to an issue and will have to be dealt with legally.\"In the last week of August, Shah and Chandani had feigned ignorance about the atrocities that Adolf Hitler had committed and had claimed that the store was named after Chandani's late grandfather who was a strict disciplinarian and was nicknamed 'Hitler'.Police and Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation had requested the owners in the first week of September to fix an alternative name for their shop. The owners had made a half-hearted attempt to mollify authorities by just adding \"I am not\" in front of \"Hitler\" on the board. Even on Sunday, the board bearing the controversial name was visible on the shop.\"This is like calling one's store 'General Reginald Dyer' after the butcher of Amritsar - the man responsible for the Jalianwalla Bagh massacre,\" said Piyush Patel, a former Friends of Israel member. \"Dyer killed 379 innocent people but Hitler eliminated six million Jews. If the youngsters still choose to call their store Hitler it only reflects their insensitivity and complete disregard for the Gujarat administration.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16909400", "title": "Malayalam varsity to be opened on Nov 1", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy will inaugurate the Malayalam University at Tirur on November 1, Keralappiravi day.Speaking at the meeting held to form the reception committee meeting of the varsity inaugural on Sunday, chief secretary K Jayakumar, who is also the special officer of the university, said classes for first batch of students will begin in June. The temporary campus for the varsity will be set up in 20 acres of land at the Thunchan Memorial College.He said that the varsity, in addition to being the premier seat of learning in Malayalam language and literature, is envisaged as a world-class research centre for traditional and classical Kerala arts, folk art forms, mappila arts and other historical and cultural legacies of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909307", "title": "Maharashtra University of Health Sciences-Nashik Municipal Corporation joint venture for medical courses in the lurch", "text": "NASHIK: The joint venture between Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS) and Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for starting post-graduate medical courses hangs in balance, with expenditure being the bone of contention.Over a year ago, the MUHS had proposed that the NMC provide the infrastructure in its hospitals and the university would provide the academic support for post-graduate courses for medical students. A year later, the NMC is still unsure of the tie-up because of expenditure issues. While the NMC says that the expenses were to be divided equally, MUHS says that they would be providing only the academic support.\"The university had told us earlier that the expenses will be borne 50% by us and 50% by them. But now they expect us to bear the entire expense. According to their initial proposal, we had put up the proposal at the general body meeting and had decided to start the PG courses but now, with this new development, we have to put up a fresh proposal. It is not that easy. How is the NMC supposed to spend so much,\" said NMC's medical officer Dr D B Patil.The university denied distribution of expenses. It said that whatever funds the Shikshan Shulka Samiti gives will be used up for academic purposes and that roughly during the first year itself, the expenses would amount to Rs 3 crore.\"This would include the salary of teachers and this liability would increase every year with increase in salary. We had said that the doctors of the NMC who were capable and qualified to teach would be included in the staff. The salary will also be managed through the students' fees. The university promised academic support in the corporation's infrastructure. In Mumbai, this is what we are doing,\" said an official from the university.He said that the university gets grant for infrastructure development. \"The grant cannot be divided 50-50. If the grant is for an MRI machine, it has to be spent for that. We have sent a fresh proposal to the NMC. We await their reply,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907580", "title": "Promotion deadlock for PPS officers to end: CM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bringing relief to the state's provincial police service officers, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday said all vacant posts to which promotions were due will be filled by November 15 and a review of the cadre completed by January 15, 2013. Assuring state police force that his government was committed to ensuring a better life for them, the chief minister also promised to send a proposal to the union government demanding an increase in the quota of the PPS officer in the state's Indian Police Service cadre from the current 33.5 per cent to 50 per cent. He also promised to issue orders by December 15 to declare all inspector-level policemen gazetted officers of the state government.Last week, TOI had reported growing resentment among PPS officers, especially those from the general category, over inordinate delays in promotion as there was no cadre review in the past eight years.Announcing a slew of measures at the Police Smriti Diwas (commemoration day) in the city, the chief minister introduced a provision for rent allowance for all policemen living in barracks. Also effecting some long-overdue changes in the service rules, Akhilesh said the uniform washing allowance of Rs 12 per month would be revised to Rs 120 per month and housing quarters, along the line of the existing police lines, would be set up for security personnel deployed for the safety of VVIPs.To give sub-inspectors a better chance at being promoted during their tenure, Akhilesh also said 50 per cent posts of inspectors will now be filled on the basis of a seniority list, while the remaining will be filled through direct recruitment. The chief minister also said the government was considering a proposal to curtail the mandatory provision of participating in a 10 km long race for all candidates who wanted to be promoted to the post of head constable and SIs.Akhilesh said the government would re-examine the provision to transfer PAC personnel above 50 years of age to the District Armed Reserve police. Keeping in mind the acute shortage of police personnel, the CM also said the state had started a process to recruit directly 4,000 sub-inspectors (civil police) and 312 PAC platoon commanders. Orders, he said, had also been issued for the direct recruitment of 2,842 computer operators.Assuring the force that the government was alive to the needs of the policemen, Akhilesh said 38,000 police constables had been transferred as per their requests. The chief minister also cautioned the force against dereliction of duty and complaints, from common people, of being exploited by the forces. The chief minister also paid his respects to 135 martyrs of the police force who died on duty, between September 1 2011 and August 31 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16912320", "title": "Ram Dal march leaves spectators spellbound", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Civil Lines area was drenched in colourful and dazzling lights during the Ram Dal procession as it passed by. Both sides of the roads were decorated with colourlful tubelights and bystanders and residents particularly children enjoyed the event thoroughly. People thronging Civil Lines were mesmerised to see the brothers duo of Lord Ram and Laxman in the procession seated on a silver throne atop an elephant. Musical bands, large flags and banners gave the procession a grandly impressive look and sound.Attractive and colourful tableaux were taken. On one chariot, there was 'vanar sena' (simian army) led by Hanuman. There was depiction of 'Kali Swang' in one tableau while in another there were Lord Krishna and Radha.The main attraction of the evening was the fight between Bali and Sugriv performed on the stage of the Civil Lines Committee pandal. Audience were thrilled to see sparks fly when Bali and Sugriv fought with their gada (maces).The Ram Dal procession started from Hanuman Mandir near Allahabad high court and passed through Mahatama Gandhi Marg. Divisional commissioner Divesh Chaturvedi inaugurated the Ram Dal with the release of balloons. Those present on the occasion included Phool Chandra Dubey, Prof. Ratnesh Mishra, Arvind Yadav and others. Meanwhile, Shringar Chowki of the two famous committees of the city, Patharchatti Ramleela Committee and Pajawa Ramleela Committee, were taken out with much fanfare in the morning on Sunday. The main attraction of both shringar chowkis is they are decorated with banana leaves. Hanuman Dal procession of Daraganj was also taken out with grandeur and it comprised large statue of Lord Hanuman measuring about 11 feet flanked by elephants, camels and horses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907617", "title": "Where Durga graces a home, not pandal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Committees organising the puja under opulent pandals seem to have made the tradition of celebrating Durga Puja at home a thing of past. But a family in the city follows the traditional way of inviting Goddess Durga to their home.Jayant Kumar Lahri (68), a retired SBI officer and his wife Kaushamvi, have been installing the idol of Durga at their house since 1980s. Lahri's brothers are settled abroad and daughters are married but these two elderly couple organise the puja the traditional way. \"My younger daughter is settled in Lucknow and her in-laws, my friends and neighbours help us conduct the puja. It feels like one big extended family,\" says Lahri. He added that earlier, during Durga Puja, he used to organise an art competition at his place for children. The same kids who once participated in the art contest now help him organise the puja.His family migrated from Bangladesh and settled in Lucknow in 1952. Talking about how he started the tradition of puja at his home, he recalls, \"As a child I was always attached with the puja and in 1980, it came to my mind to celebrate the puja by bringing the goddess to our home.\"Since 1980, the cost of holding the puja has shot up 10 times but Lahri believes if he has been able to organise the puja every time it is because of the blessings of the goddess. \"It has been 32 years, but I have never faced shortage of funds to conduct the puja. I have been a bank employee and used to get only two days leave during Durga Puja and most of the times I was posted in other districts of the state. By the grace of Durga I was never stuck in any important work.\"The puja at his home is conducted absolute as per custom. They try to keep materials used in the puja as pure as possible. For example, they use rain and sea water, mud taken out by an elephant by its tusks and mud from the house of a courtesan. \"All the puja rituals are performed by me as I am the head priest at home,\" he smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16907536", "title": "US gears up for last presidential debate", "text": "WASHINGTON: Seeking re-election, President Barack Obama is preparing to clash with his Republican rival Mitt Romney over foreign policy issues like Libya, Iran's nuclear weapons programme, China and situation in the Af-Pak region in their last US presidential debate before the polls.Unlike the second debate in New York wherein the questions were asked by a select group of audience, at Boca Raton in Florida, the moderator Bob Schieffer of CBS news would be asking questions in a structured format.If the second debate is of any indication, which was won by Obama, millions of Americans watching it live on their television screens on Monday are expected to see a heated exchange of words between the two leaders; especially on key foreign policy issues. The European financial crisis, the administration's 'reset' strategy with Russia, the United States relationship with emerging powers such as India and Brazil, might also jump in during the 90-minute prime-time debate.Obama, 51, who is spending time in the picturesque resort of Camp David preparing for the presidential debate, is expected to list some of his key achievements of his foreign policy including the killing of Osama bin Laden , the al-Qaida leader and end of war in Iraq and attack his Republican challenger on his inexperience on the foreign policy front.Romney, 65, on the other hand is expected to corner Obama on the terrorist attack on the US Consulate in Benghazi that killed its ambassador to Libya, the rise of China, the reset-policy with Russia, the nuclear programme of Iran and the perceived differences with Israel.Political analysts on Sunday expected the third debate to be a \"hard-fought\" discussion, with Obama hoping to reverse the recent trend showing the polls heading positively towards Romney.Meanwhile, the latest poll conducted jointly by The Wall Street Journal and the NBC News channel revealed that Obama and Romney are in a dead heat two week ahead of the November 6 elections.\"Among likely voters, the candidates are now tied at 47% in a race that appears on track to be one of the closest in US history,\" the newspaper said. \"Romney has pulled abreast of the president for the first time all year in the Journal poll, erasing a three-point lead among likely voters that Obama had in late September and a five-point lead earlier that month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16913345", "title": "IOA hails Saina's Denmark Super series triumph", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Olympic Association on Monday congratulated badminton star Saina Nehwal for winning the Denmark Open Super Series Premier Trophy.\"Saina's consistent good showing in the International tournaments argues well for Indian sports in general and Badminton in particular,\" IOA acting President Vijay Kumar Malhotra said in a statement here.Malhotra said by winning four Super series events and a bronze medal at the London Olympics this year so far Saina has raised the bar for other Indian sportspersonsThe IOA acting-President complimented Saina for her \"dedication and commitment\" and said, \"At this young age of 22 she has already emerged as a role model for the youngsters who are interested in sports.\"Saina has achieved her top position in the world badminton against all odds for which she deserves all accolades.He also praised the Badminton Association of India for \"helping budding youngsters at the grass root level which has started yielding results\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "16909260", "title": "Hisar police challenges bail of 15 IAC activists", "text": "HISAR: The Hisar police has challenged the bail of 15 activists of India Against Corruption ( IAC), who were released by the judicial magistrate a day after they were arrested by local police.Acting on an application moved by police, Ritu Tagore, additional district and sessions judge (ADJ), Hisar, has fixed October 31 as next date of hearing. The incident took place on October 14 when all the 19 activists, who include four minor children, were apprehended after they showed black flags and raised anti-Sonia Gandhi and anti-Hooda and anti-Congress slogans during the public meeting chaired by chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda .A case under Section 153A of the Indian Penal Code was registered against 15 only, who are believed to be adults. Those booked were identified as Ramesh Verma, Vijay Gupta, Rajesh Hindustani, Rajesh Jakhar, Pawan Nain, Vaibhav Bidani, Ashish Jain, Naresh Saini, Sumit Sharma, Rakesh Saini, Vishal Aggrawal, Anil Saini, Pawan Garg, Mahabir Sharma and Anuj Asija.On October 15, they were produced in the court of chief judicial magistrate who released them on bail.Since this is a non-bailable offence, hence we challenged the order of judicial magistrate for cancellation of their bail,'' inspector Vipin Kadyan, the station house officer ( SHO) of city police station, who moved the application said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907840", "title": "Raining golf balls \u2018putt\u2019 Chembur housing society residents in a fix", "text": "MUMBAI: When residents bought flats at Navjivan housing society in Chembur, they were thrilled that their windows accorded them a view of the lush green fields of the 100-year-old Bombay Presidency Golf Club. Little did they imagine then that they'd be ducking for cover from golf balls flying out of the very same fields.In the last two months alone, residents have collected 50-70 balls that landed into their homes after shattering windowpanes. The society, which shares a boundary wall with the club, comprises 55 buildings and 600 flats. Seven of the buildings are the most affected, said residents.Murali Iyer, a resident of Navjivan housing society, said his seven-year-old son was injured last month because of a golf ball. \"The ball smashed the windowpane and landed in the bedroom. My son was sleeping in the room and was injured by glass shards that flew as the ball broke the glass,\" said Iyer. \"Thankfully, my son's injuries were not major but I shudder to think what could have happened.\"Residents claim golf balls rain down on their society almost daily. Rajesh Nagpal, who resides in one of the buildings on the third floor, said the balls had smashed the glass on his French windows. \"The attitude of the club's managing committee isn't good. They call us trespassers when we complain. I fear for my kids. High-end nets have been put in seven pockets except around the compound wall of our society. It's a global practice to have these nets to prevent the golf balls from entering homes,\" he said.Simran Shivdasani, another resident, said senior citizens have stopped stepping out of their homes for walks for the fear of being hit by a ball. \"Windscreens of cars have been damaged many times. The club must put up safety nets,\"she said.Ravi Raghavan, secretary of the Bombay Presidency Golf Club, said, \"This club is 100 years old and was in existence even before the buildings came up. While buying the flats, residents knew their homes would overlook the golf course. I shall take up this issue with the general committee. I cannot comment now on the kind of barricades that can be erected. We paid for the damaged windows. It's good nobody was injured.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16907393", "title": "Government is doing everything to resolve the garbage crisis: Jagadish Shettar", "text": "Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said his government was doing everything to resolve the garbage crisis. He said a few places have been identified for dumping waste, while a couple of proposals to generate power and fertilizers from waste have been approved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16911136", "title": "Facebook's top exec quits to create London's Silicon Valley", "text": "LONDON: One of Facebook's most senior executives, Joanna Shields, is quitting the social media giant to join British Prime Minister David Cameron's project to create a competitor to California's Silicon Valley in East London.Shields, the vice-president of Facebook who is responsible for business in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, is to become the new chief executive of the Tech City Investment Organisation.According to the Telegraph, Shields said that she had always had a 'passion' for public policy and was keen to help the government.Tech City is already home to 3,000 digital companies, most of them start-ups.\"There are not many opportunities where you know from day one you can contribute on a huge level,\" Shields, the former chief executive of Bebo who was also a senior figure at Google, said.\"I think London is an extraordinary city. This is the gateway to the world. It should not be a step-child to other cities. It should be in its rightful place as the centre for innovation in my world, the digital industries,\" she added.According to the report, the move will be a blow for Facebook which faced criticism earlier this month for the small amount of tax it paid in the UK.Shields also revealed that she had received a number of negative emails over the tax issue which were \"not nice.\"She said that changing the listing rules in London - which the government wants to do - would help keep technology companies in the UK, the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909365", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation seeks review of SC land reservation order", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has filed a review petition in the case of the Adgaon municipal school reservation a couple of days ago after the Supreme Court dismissed it last month.The case was heard by judges G S Singhavi and S J Mukhopadhyaya.The case was earlier dismissed by the high court in March this year, under section 127 of the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning (MRTP) Act according to which the owner can appeal for de-reservation of the land if it is not acquired on time. The land was put up for reservation in 1993 for a municipal school but till 2003 the acquiring body failed to acquire the land.The case was dismissed on September 12 by the Supreme Court.The NMC has filed the review petition in the backdrop of a case, Poona Timber versus State of Maharashtra that has kept the case pending in the same circumstances on September 21.The Nashik Municipal Corporation's case was admitted two days ago.An official of the civic body said that the NMC had completed all formalities in the case and that the process was pending on behalf of the land acquisition office. He said that from now onwards the NMC would keep filing review petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909264", "title": "Lack of space for counselling leaves family disputes unresolved", "text": "CHENNAI: The lack of space to conduct counselling sessions has resulted in family dispute complaints piling up at the police commissioner's office in Egmore. At least five petitioners are being turned away every day as no room has been allotted for the three police counsellors, a source said.This year, 270 petitions are pending with Chennai city police commissionerate. Another 99 petitions were forwarded to the antidowry cell. Usually, families that approach the police commissioner with petitions about disagreements are sent for counselling. If the problem cannot be sorted out, police file a first information report.There are three counsellors, who work out of the city police commissionerate, appointed by the social welfare department. Sources said that earlier the counsellors worked in the mini conference hall and cleared about five petitions a day. Since the hall was turned into a police control room, the counsellors have no permanent place to work out of.About 70% of the complaints received at the commissionerate pertain to family disputes. Senior police officials who look into the grievance petitions refer some of the petitions to the counsellors and others to the anti-dowry cell for counselling. \"We listen to the problems of both parties and try to find solutions,\" said a policeman.However, petitioners are often kept waiting due to lack of facilities . \"We came in the morning to present our complaint, but were asked to come back after 3pm. Waiting is frustrating since we are already going through a lot of stress and trauma,\" said Renuka (name changed), a petitioner who had come with her one-year-old child.\"The goal here is to save the home from being broken. Most cases relating to divorce, reunion, maintenance, custody of child come to us,\" said a counsellor.\"It is shameful to take family disputes to courts. Earlier, elders in the family would mediate and solve disputes. With joint families breaking up, police counselling is the only option left to us,\" said another petitioner Shakthi.A senior police officer said they have forwarded a petition to the authorities concerned asking for space to accommodate the counsellors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16908816", "title": "Maulana Ghulam Mohammed Vastanvi changes tone, bats for Congress", "text": "SURAT: Controversial cleric Maulana Ghulam Mohammed Vastanvi, who lost his coveted post of Darul Uloom Deoband after lauding chief minister Narendra Modi , has done a complete U-turn just ahead of assembly elections.On Sunday, Vastanvi let loose a barrel of criticism against Modi at a public meeting organized by the Congress in Tadkeshwar near Surat. Vastanvi, who had ruffled many feathers by praising Modi and rejecting reports of discrimination against minorities in Gujarat, not only described Modi as \"brutal\" but also exhorted Muslims to vote for Congress.\"Modi is brutal and not worthy of any praise for any reason,\" he told a gathering organized by the Congress for minorities. This is the first time that Vastanvi has shared a dais with a political party. Last year, after receiving flak from the Islamic seminary and losing his post, Vastanvi had described Modi's Sadbhavana mission as a \"political gimmick\". But his Sunday's attack on chief minister is the strongest so far.The MBA graduate cleric's diatribe also comes a day after Congress party's convener of media cell Asifa Khan joined BJP, giving Modi's Sadbhavana a new face.Vastanvi also said that Modi talking of Sadbhavana was akin to going for pilgrimage after committing 100 crimes. Coming out strongly in support of Congress, Vastanvi urged the nearly 1,500-strong crowd to vote for the party. \"I request you to vote for the hand in this election. We should be united for a better government. If your vote goes to Congress, it will change the situation in state and country. I request you to value your vote and use it wisely,\" he said.In a veiled warning to the community against parties luring them with money, he said, \"It is a matter of 'note' and 'vote'. If you take the 'note', it will be gone in few days but if you cast your vote wisely, it will ensure development.\"Vastanvi also urged Muslims to concentrate on better education and strongly advocated unity among all communities in the country. Vastanvi shared the dais with Dr Tushar Chaudhary, Union minister for road and transport; Kadir Pirzada, member of Gujarat Congress core committee; Congress MLAs Kuwarji Halpati, Gyasuddin Shaikh, Punaji Gamit and Ishwar Vahiya.When questioned, Vastanvi said, \"I was approached to advise the community and therefore I came. I advised them what I think is the best for them.\" Asked if he would campaign for Congress, he said, \"Currently I have no plans. I am an educationalist and will continue my work.\" Vastanvi runs Jamia Islamia Ishaatul Uloom (JIIU) in Akklakuwa in Nandurbar of Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16912296", "title": "Ahmed Patel criticized for not attending meeting of minorities in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Maulana Faiyaz Laturi, a cleric and president of Jamiat Ulama-i-Hind, Surat, has criticized Ahmed Patel, political adviser to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, for not attending an event organized for minorities by the Congress on Sunday.Laturi was addressing a gathering of around 1,500 Muslims organized by the Congress in Tadkeshwar of Surat district.\"Many Congress leaders attended the event but we were excepting Ahmed Patel, who did not come. Muslims consider you their own so you should also consider us your own. People like the Congress party. Modi gained popularity by doing bad things, you should gain popularity by doing good work,\" said Laturi.Congress sources in Delhi, however, said that Patel was at no stage supposed to attend the gathering. Given the tight calendar of political engagements in the capital planned months in advance, it would not have been possible for him to attend, said a source. Patel could not be reached for his comments.Laturi also raised the issue of harassment by 'Jiv-Daya' activists and alleged that police are also helping them.He also demanded removal of Haj Committee chairman Sufi Sant Mehboobali Bawa for his alleged derogatory speech against Deobandi Muslim community.Responding to Laturi's comments Kadir Pirzada, member of Gujarat Congress core committee, said, \"Ahmedbhai sent a message to me that he was busy in a work for national interest hence he could not come. However, he is always present to support the community people in Gujarat. He recently announced grant of Rs 1.5 crore for improvement of cemeteries in state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16907384", "title": "Bangalore streets turn into landfills", "text": "BANGALORE: On Sunday, Bangaloreans continued to put up with the garbage misery as pourakarmikas played truant in many areas and the BBMP wrung its hands on the landfill problem. On Day 5, Bangalore resembled a sprawling landfill with heaps of garbage piling across the city. This despite BBMP's Saturday evening announcement that waste would be lifted forthwith.Every street had piles of garbage overflowing, a sure indication that the city would be plagued by an epidemic if there was no quick action.Heaps of garbage were found in front of the Legislators' Home in the vicinity of Vidhana Soudha. Even the bungalows of ministers were not spared. TOI encountered trash piled up in front of the residence of minister for Kannada and culture Govind Karajol on Kumar Krupa Road.At Bhuvaneshwari Nagar near Katriguppe, the garbage heap was as high as 4 feet. On 1st main road of Sampangi Ram Nagar, the heap had so swelled that it occupied more than half of the busy road, causing traffic jam.In many areas, pourakarmikas remained absent multiplying the woes of citizens.Shoppers on MG Road, Church Street and other areas had to make their way through muck which covered most of the pedestrian pathways. \"Traders from other shops are dumping garbage in front of my shop. This is ridiculous. How can we bear the stench? Foreigners, who walk through this junction, speak badly about our country looking at the garbage scene here,\" said Irfan Noor, who runs a designer wear shop on Church Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "16908535", "title": "Fishermen allege attack by Sri Lanka", "text": "RAMESWARAM: The fate of a boat and its four-member crew that did not return to shore as scheduled was a cause for concern among fishermen in Rameswaram on Sunday, as they alleged some boats came under attack from the Sri Lankan navy on Saturday night.Though 654 fishing tokens were issued for the day, nearly 500 boats ventured into sea on Saturday morning as the falling prawn prices had dampened the spirits of fishermen. Among the boats that ventured into sea, five were said to have come under attack by the Sri Lankan navy whose officials came in patrol vessels when they were fishing at Katchatheevu-Thanushkodi stretch around 10 pm on Saturday night. Boat owners Sekar and Selvam from Thankachimadam claimed that the navy personnel damaged their fishing gear and took away their GPS devices. In another incident, naval personnel allegedly snatched away prawns from nearly five boats around 4 am on Sunday morning, the fishermen claimed.Meanwhile, a boat belonging to John Britto from Rameswaram along with his crew Vedamuthu, Lucas and Veerannan failed to return to shore on Sunday morning. As their fate was unknown in the morning, it was speculated that they could have been taken into custody by the Sri Lankan navy. Later in the afternoon, the boat owner was able to communicate with the fishermen on shore and informed them about the engine failure and them stranded near Katchatheevu. Based on his information, the fishermen obtained a search order from the fisheries department and a search party ventured into sea.B Jesu Raja, district secretary of the Tamil Nadu Mechanised Boat Fishermen Association said as per latest information received, the boat was being towed by the search party and they may reach Rameswaram later in the night. \"The attacks have become commonplace nowadays and we are coping with them,\" he said.Fishermen sources said the patrolling by Sri Lankan navy has been intensified in Palk Strait recently as they can now concentrate on a single region unlike their entire border during the civil war. \"Their absolute goal seems to be to shun Tamil Nadu fishermen entering their borders for fishing. Unfortunately, our fishermen at Rameswaram have no other go than to venture into Palk Strait for a living,\" said a fishermen association leader.On Saturday, four country boat fishermen from Rameswaram who were detained by Lankan authorities on smuggling charges on June 29, 2012 reached their hometown after they were released on October 15. Country boat fishermen M Mari (35), Deepankayambu (32), N Nambuselvam (19) and C Balamurugan (19) were arrested on charges of smuggling snuff to Sri Lanka. They were released after paying a fine of Rs 50,000, said U Arulanandam of the Alliance for Release of Innocent Fishermen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16914548", "title": "At care home, festival brings tears to the eyes of seniors", "text": "RANCHI: Kripa Shankar Yadav, now 75, can't move because of arthritis in both of his legs. He along with ailing wife is at an old age home for the past one year after their house in Dhurwa was demolished in an anti-encroachment drive. Their children have abandoned them. Like the Yadavs, there are many elderly people at three care homes in Ranchi, for whom the festivities of Durga Puja hold little interest.\"I was a senior engineer in the Heavy Engineering Corporation till 1989. I earned enough to make my two sons and a daughter bigger than what I was,\" said Yadav sitting at Adarsh Ashram, a care home in Nagri, 25km away, with tears rolling down his cheek. One of his sons is in Mumbai and the other is in Nepal. Their daughter is a widow and she is herself struggling.Yadav's wife Kalyani said, \"They (sons) even don't pick up our calls.My daughter-in-law who is a housewife has changed her number.\" She cursed the day when they trusted their sons and allowed them to withdraw their money. Their daughter Shanti is not capable enough to help their parents. Rukmini Devi (65), who stays at Aapna Ghar, another care home on Purulia road, said, \"Instead of smiles, the festivities bring tears to me. I just can't stop thinking about the days when I used to take my kids to the puja fair.\"There are three care homes in Ranchi - the third being Vanprast Ashram in Bariatu. Each of them has around 25 to 30 elders. Those who are not totally infirm engage themselves in cultivating vegetables which are used for their own consumption.Seeta Lakra, who has been ousted from home by her sons, lives at Vanprast Ashram for the past few years. \"My sons asked me to go away and I came to the home. I can't live with those who don't love me,\" said Lakra (65) who engages herself in gardening and vegetable cultivation at the home.None other than the college students, who make documentaries as part of their college assignments, visit these elderly people. \"The oldies were begging us to bring them some tasty foods from outside,\" said Subhra Sonam, a student from St Xavier's College. A group of media students from the college recently did shooting for a short film on the plight of the elderly people at old age home. \"The documentaries on YouTube attract thousands but very few people turn up to support the elderly people. Even the state government does not pay heed to their cries,\" said L N Sinha, the owner of Adarsh Ashram. The state social welfare department supports NGOs which run care homes. The government finances four old age homes. \"The NGO which works to support elderly people should apply for funds,\" said Mridula Sinha, principal secretary of the department.(Names of people have been changed on request)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "vapi", "code": "16908813", "title": "Many demand BJP ticket in South Gujarat", "text": "VAPI: BJP observers for the forthcoming assembly elections found themselves in a dilemma seeing the mad rush among large number of party leaders to lobby for poll tickets in five seats of Valsad district.More than the large number of claimants, what surprised the observers Nanubhai Vanani, Sita Naik and Ramsinh Rathwa was many of the ticket seekers were holding key posts in Valsad district BJP. According to senior BJP leaders, this was an aberration from the party's policy that those representing the sangatthan as functionaries do not stake claim for candidature.\"So many aspiring candidates are those who hold key posts in the district BJP. It is surprising for me that they are running for tickets,\" said Jawahar Desai, one of the senior-most party worker from Valsad.Those who are vying for tickets are Thakorbhai Patel, president of Valsad BJP, Bharat Patel and Harshad Katariya, both secretaries at district level, Nagin Patel, president, Pardi taluka BJP, Kamlesh Patel, president, Pardi city BJP, Ganesh Bihari, president of BJP youth wing in Dharampur. The list of nearly 55 claimers included many more from different cells of BJP.The three observers held a meeting in Valsad town on Saturday to identify the potential candidates.Out of 55, half of them are seeking ticket to contest from Valsad seat, 12 from Umbergaon (ST),11 from Dharampur (ST), 11 for Pardi and six want to contest from Kaparada-Nana Pondha (ST).Besides a long list of their own men, the observers also witnessed hectic lobbying by the Koli community, who, under the banner of scam-tainted minister of state for fisheries Parshottam Solanki, want tickets for at least two seats.\"Valsad and Pardi constituencies have a huge population of Kolis. We have told observers that our leader (Solanki) wants candidates from our community to be fielded from here,\" said Ujesh Patel, president of Valsad Koli Sena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16912536", "title": "Tradition rules the roost in this household", "text": "MANGALORE: Festival rituals are scaled down for lack of time or holidays. But not in 51-year-old Niddodi Eknath Nayak's house. His family has been practising all the rituals with fervour while celebrating 'Gombe Habba,' the festival of dolls celebrated during Navratri.The speciality in Eknath's family is that they have been celebrating Gombe Habba for the past 86 years by exhibiting dolls, kept on display by his ancestors. Eknath has a collection of nearly 100 clay dolls, which were made 90 years ago. Usually people exhibit different types of dolls during the festival, but Eknath exhibits only idols of gods, like Shiva, Parvathi, and other Hindu gods.A businessmen residing on VT Road in the city, Eknath is an avid music buff.Interestingly, for the past 86 years different classical music troupes have been performing bhajans for nine days during Gombe Habba in Eknath's home. Celebrities like legendary Hindustani vocalist Bhimsen Joshi, Madhav Gudi and famous classical musicians like Somanath Mardur, Upendra Bhatt and many other classical musicians have rendered bhajans during Gombe Habba in Eknath's house.During the festival Eknath's home is transformed into a temple. The concerts are open to the public and one can actch a glimpse of the idols of gods.Eknath said \"I have been following all the rituals during this festival to promote and create awareness about our rich culture. Even when I was going through a financial crisis, I celebrated the Gombe Habba without missing a single ritual.\" Eknath, who is also the member of Sri Veer Venketesha Bhajana Mandali renders bhajans in different places in Dakshina Kannada district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16911852", "title": "'Know Your Army' draws crowd", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Know Your Army, the fair to make civil population more acquainted with the Indian Army was inaugurated at the Polo Ground of the city on Saturday. The mela was inaugurated by chief justice (designate) Shiva Kirti Sinha of Allahabad High Court in presence of Major General GS Chandel, Yudh Seva Medal and General Officer Commanding of Red Eagle Division.Know Your Army Mela, showcased the rich heritage, customs, traditions and professionalism of the Indian Army. An array of latest weaponry, guns, tanks, radars and sophisticated communication equipment were put on display for the common public. Valuable information stalls regarding various schemes initiated by the Army with respect to career opportunities and welfare of ex-servicemen were put up by the event organisers.Detailing on the fair, the Public Relation Officer of defence, Group Captain Amit Mahajan said that the thrilling air show by helicopters, stunning equestrian and Malkhamb show, melodious band display, daring para gliding &amp; joyous tank rides drew the crowds by the hundreds. The weapon, tanks, guns and equipment display saw the inquisitive masses trying to get a glimpse and feel about the difficult tasks that the men in uniform perform. The recruitment stall received inquires for the young who wish to join the defence services including Territorial Army.The felicitations of gallantry Ex-Servicemen and Veer Naris made one and all nostalgic about their army tenure and daring also interacted with the ECHS staff for their medical benefits and the CDA (Pensions) for redressal of pension related issues.The PRO further informed that the event has become the talk of the town and the number of visitors at the equipment display is likely to multiply on the concluding day on October 21 (Sunday).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909103", "title": "Reduce the premium on car insurance", "text": "If you have been planning to buy a new car, you are bound to have been pulled in by the bevy of discounts and freebies. One of the most attractive among these is the offer of free insurance. Since buying a car insurance policy is compulsory , the word 'free' pulls in buyers , but there could be hidden clauses . The first catch is that the insurance provided is typically only for a year. From the second year on, it's your responsibility to renew the policy and pay the premium. Moreover, free insurance would mean a lower discount on the price of the car as dealers invariably recover the premium through the final cost that you pay for the vehicle. Besides, the free policy may not include various types of damages, such as that by floods. So, read the fine print carefully before you take this bait, or you could opt for a higher discount on the car and buy an insurance policy separately. Find out how due diligence and research can help you reduce the insurance premium you may have to pay for the first year as well as subsequently.Voluntary deductibleThe part of the monetary loss that is borne by you is called a deductible, and it has two components\u2014compulsory and voluntary. A compulsory deductible of 500 would mean that you pay 500 of the claim amount, while the company pays the rest. You can reduce the premium if you opt for an additional voluntary deductible. However, this also means that when a loss occurs, you will have to pay a large portion of the claim amount out of your own pocket. For instance, a voluntary deductible of 2,500 would give you a 20% discount on your premium, but when an accident occurs, you will have to pay 3,000 of the claim amount (voluntary deductible of 2,500 plus the compulsory deductible of 500). \"Those who are confident of their driving ability could opt for a voluntary deductible to save on premium,\" says Vijay Kumar, president, motor insurance, Bajaj Allianz General Insurance.Insured declared valueThe IDV is the market value of your car. The higher the value, the more the premium. You can save a few hundred rupees on your premium by declaring a lower value for your car. If your car is worth 7 lakh, declaring a value of 6.3 lakh could help you save 200-500 on insurance premium . \"This is a double-edged sword as the claim amount for accidents will not be affected by declaring a lower IDV. However, if your car is stolen, you will get a lower amount in line with the one declared by you,\" says Akshay Mehrotra, chief marketing officer, Policybazaar.com.Voluntary additional declarationsThe insurance company may not tell you this, but the premium charged for a car may differ according to the profile of the owner. Insurers adopt many parameters to evaluate the risk associated with your vehicle, and these include fuel type, age of vehicle, usage of car, as well as driver-specific details, such as the occupation and driver's age. A diesel-run car is assumed to be used more often than a petrol one, so the premium charged for it would be higher by 10-15 %. Similarly, it is assumed that a businessman would use his car more frequently and, hence, would be charged a higher premium. Voluntary declarations about the usage of your car, as well as other details like driving records, can help you get a discount of around 10%.Safety devicesInstalling safety devices can bag you 100-200 discount on your premium. You can also lower the premium by up to 200 if you come under a 'safe driver' category. One way to do this is to become a member of the Automobile Association of India. \"This improves your image and record in the eyes of insurance companies, which helps you get a discount,\" says Sanjay Datta, chief\u2014underwriting &amp; claims, ICICI Lombard GIC.No-claim bonus (NCB)An NCB is the reward you get for not making any claims throughout the year. This can help you bag a discount of 20-50 % on your premium from the second year onwards (see graphic). However, since you lose this advantage if you make a claim, avoid making small claims, especially when the amount is lower than your premium. A benefit is that the NCB can be transferred from an old vehicle to a new one as it gets accumulated for the driver, not the vehicle. \"By carrying forward your NCB to a new vehicle of the same type, you can slash the first premium,\" says Kumar.Premium declines over the yearsThe premium falls with each passing year due to two reasons: reduced IDV and accumulated NCB. Besides, the value of your car will decline each year because of depreciation, and a lower market value automatically translates to a lower premium. However, at the time of a partial damage claim, this depreciation factor kicks in, reducing the claim amount that is payable by the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16907032", "title": "A Danish treat for ace shuttler Saina Nehwal", "text": "HYDERABAD: Olympic bronze medalist Saina Nehwal breezed past Germany's Juliane Schenk 21-17, 21-8 to clinch the prestigious Denmark Open title, a Super Series Premier event, on Sunday.It promptly lifted the third seed into a higher stratosphere, making her the top seed for the French Open starting on Tuesday.This is Saina's 18th international triumph, adding to her wins in Thailand and Indonesia earlier in June to already make 2012 a remarkable year for her.After scaling the Chinese Wall, in the form of past nemesis world No. 1 Wang Yihan, there was only way she could lose this final: by becoming complacent or making too many unforced errors.She was in no mood for that, stamping her authority on the match comfortably. The 35-minute victory fetched her a purse of $30,000, and her second Super Series Premier trophy.\"I never thought I could win this title in my present situation,\" said Saina after the win, pointing to her knee. \"But it's a fantastic feeling, just too good to describe. I did not think about winning because my knee was not good and I had so many other obligations after the Olympic medal. \"May be that is the reason I was fresh and I feel wonderful. I thank the fans here and at home for keeping me focused throughout,\" she said.The Indian star needed the first two rounds to find her rhythm; but after that she was in a different zone. She blew past two-time All-England champion Tine Baun in the quarters, overwhelmed world champion Yihan in the semifinals before toying with Juliane in the final.With a 5-3 career win record against the world No. 7, Saina began confidently jumping into a 4-0 lead. But Juliane prolonged the rallies and took control of the bird, forcing unforced errors from her.Soon they were level at 9-9. Moving swiftly and tossing the shuttle high, Juliane tried her best to confine Saina to the back court. But the game plan backfired as Juliane ended up running around a lot and she started looking tired.Saina seemed to be comfortably calling the shots from the middle. From 10-10, Saina moved ahead with a smash.Juliane pushed hard after the break, seeking longer to even level at 17-17. A net chord in favour of Saina, however, rattled Juliane as she fired the next two beyond the lines.At 20-17, Saina dragged Juliane to her forehand side and produced a power-packed smash which landed on the left. It was all Saina in the second game. As the world No. 4 won point after point without much effort a dazzled Juliane looked lost.After Saina broke free from 5-5, the German girl hardly gave a fight and did not even bother to return the last serve. A thrilled Pullela Gopichand said that he did not expect Saina to clinch the title so easily.\"It was a terrific victory. Though we know that Saina can play to her potential with just 70% fitness, we never thought she would be so amazing. It was just sensational. Her only tough rival here was Yihan and after beating her I was sure she would get past Juliane,\" Gopi said.In the men's singles, Lee Chong Wei gave himself a nice present on his 30th birthday by beating Du Pengyu 15-21, 21-12, 21-19 in the final.ROAD TO VICTORYRd I: bt Minatsu Mitani (Japan) 21-15, 21-14.Rd II: bt Yeon Ju Bae (Korea) 21-17, 21-17.Quarterfinal: bt Tine Baun (Denmark) 21-10, 21-11.Semifinal: bt Wang Yihan (China) 21-12, 21-7 retired.Final: bt Juliane Schenk (Germany) 21-17, 21-8SAINA'S TOP-5 RESULTSOlympics bronze in London (Aug 2012)Denmark Open Super Series Premier (Oct 2012)Indonesia Super Series Premier (June 2012)Commonwealth Games Gold in (Oct 2010)Hong Open Super Series (Dec 2010)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16911697", "title": "\u2018Dedication must for entrepreneurs\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: Commissioner, MP National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, Dr Ravindra Pastor said that farmers and other people in rural areas suffer across the country due to the presence of middlemen who eat up their profit's share.Pastor was addressing a gathering during entrepreneurship summit, 'Daksh-12', at Indian Institute of Forest Management (IIFM) on Sunday. \"It is ironic that farmers get minimum support price for their produce and have to pay maximum retail price to buy the same. The farmers get no more than Rs 35 for their produce which is retailed in the market for Rs 100,\" he said. Executives of World Bank, IIM alumni and others participated in the summit organized by Entrepreneurship and Development Cell (EDC) of IIFM.Noted author and IIM Ahmedabad alumnus Rashmi Bansal said, \"Social entrepreneurship requires a lot of commitment and devotion. Until one thinks helping others as a mission, one can't be a social entrepreneur.\"Rural development specialist, World Bank (South Asian region), Parmesh Shah, who was the chief guest, said, \"It is unfortunate that after 'Amul', we couldn't replicate similar model in social cooperatives.\" He said that sanitation and nutrition are the biggest problems in the society.Vice-president, BASIX, consulting and training services, Rajiv Gupta, also spoke on the occassion. A social business-plan competition was held. Various teams from management institutes across the country participated. The prize was Rs 40,000 cash. IIFM Bhopal won.Daksh is a national entrepreneurship symposium conducted every year since 2009. The theme this year is 'meeting ends; bridging gaps' which revolves around livelihood solutions especially for the rural populace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "cape town", "code": "16911637", "title": "Weather stopped KKR from getting into semis: Kallis", "text": "CAPE TOWN: Had it not been for the washed-out game against Perth Scorchers, reigning IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders could have made the semi-finals of the ongoing Champions League Twenty20 , said senior all-rounder Jacques Kallis .KKR, however, bid adieu to CLT20 with a bang thrashing in-form Titans by 99 runs in their final Group A game here last night, and Kallis said it was \"pity\" that the Kolkata outfit did not start the tournament on perfect note.\"It's a pity we didn't start of the tournament like this. I felt that we started playing some good cricket in Durban (against the Perth Scorchers) but unfortunately the weather stopped us from getting through to the next round. That was disappointing,\" Kallis said after the win over Titans.\"This was almost a perfect game for us. We came out and batted really well and paced the innings nicely. There were some fantastic individual knocks and then we bowled with the intensity we needed to bowl with.\"This was a nice way to end this campaign. The guys now go away to different parts of the globe and will play for different teams. Hopefully, they gain form again in time for the IPL,\" he was quoted as saying by clt20.com.Put into bat last night, KKR scored an imposing 188 for five in 20 overs and then shot Titans out for a paltry 89 in 16.4 overs.KKR, however, had a terrible start to the tournament. The Gautam Gambhir-led side lost their first two games against Delhi Daredevils and Auckland Aces before weather robbed them of a chance to stay in the tournament, washing out the crucial game against Scorchers.Asked what went wrong for KKR in the first two games, Kallis said: \"It was probably rustiness or the fact that we're slow starters. You need a bit of luck in this game and perhaps the rub of the green didn't quite go our way.\"But in our last two games we've played some really good cricket.\"Kallis said KKR would return home with a lot of positives from this year's CLT20, what if they failed to progress to the knock-out stage.\"The way the guys finished off was of the standard we should be playing with. Going into the next IPL we know that we've got a trophy behind us. There are a lot of positives and there's no reason why we cannot win it again,\" the South African said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913577", "title": "Chiranjeevi to build a studio in Vizag?", "text": "Some time back it was strongly buzzed that megastar Chiranjeevi would build a studio in Vizag and now this news is gaining momentum. Reports say that to further strengthen the Telugu film industry and augment its revenues; Chiranjeevi is planning to set up a studio in Vizag.Sources say that Chiranjeevi, in association with a state minister, is planning to start this venture and the land acquisition for this studio is currently going on. International engineers are also being roped into this project for the studio design and architecture. More details are awaited on this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16911978", "title": "Durga Puja: This year pay tribute to Santhal life", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The rich amalgamation of the diverse culture and traditions of India is aptly depicted in Durga Puja pandals of the city that are reaching every household in the city. Deriving inspiration from this unity in diversity, one of the oldest Barwaris of the city Colonelganj Barwari Durga Society has made a sincere effort to showcase the village of the Santhal tribe who otherwise find mention only in official records. To infuse an element of reality, 12 members of a Santhal troupe have been called specially from Jharkhand to perform live to the audience.On reaching the pandal, one is bewitched to see men and women of the Santhal tribe dressed in traditional attires. Two men with a 'dholak' hanging from their necks welcome bemused visitors.The main attraction of the pandal is presence of a watch tower on which a person dressed in the traditional attire armed with a bow and arrow. He overlooks the stream of people making a beeline to the pandal.A mini village of Santhal tribe has been recreated inside the pandal. There are many small huts lined on the border of the village illuminated with lanterns hanging in them. The huts are made of mud and remind one of the simple yet sweet life of the village.There is also presence of a large banyan tree where the Santhal people offer prayers and get blessings. They also tie many threads around the trunk of the tree, beside which is a small hut with a symbolic altar on which animals are shown being 'sacrificed'.In the centre of the pandal, one can find many masks of the various tribes of the entire world ranging from African, Japanese, Chinese, Egyptian and the Indian tribes. The paintings of these tribes are also being depicted.There is also showcasing the Santhals' various musical instruments, including horn trumpet, double membrane drum and stringed instruments of Jharkhand called 'changu'.Tribal household objects like jurang, mankardia, kutia kondh and other objects also find along with costumes like ringa, kasuali and kerang.Talking to TOI, general secretary of Colonelganj Barwari Durga Society Sudeep Mukharjee \"We have tried to recreate the village life of Santhal tribe. The theme of the pandal is the brain-child of Sada Shiv Panda who along with his troupe have laboured for several months to prepare the pandal. We have also tried to give a message to the public that while they are running towards urbanisation the tribal areas are free of pollution and redolent with fresh air and greenery.\"Various cultural programmes are being organised in this pandal. A dance was presented by the children and women of the locality under the able direction of Shreya Mukerjee. Students of Maharishi Bhardwaj Ashram School also performed. Leading Hindi film playback singer Abhijeet Ghosal performed at the pandal on October 18.History of SanthalThe tribe of Santhal originated in Jharkand in a small Pargana named 'Damin-e-Poh'. Later, they shifted to areas of West Bengal , particularly in the areas of Purulia and Birbhum. They were great fighters and their stories of love for their motherland is famous all over the entire country. The pandal attempts to show their lifestyle and folk art to the visitors.History of Colonelganj Barwari Durga SocietyColonelganj Barwari Durga Society was established in 1853 and this year the society is celebrating its 160{+t}{+h} year (post Centenary Diamond Jubilee)Durga Puja was started in the year 1853 by this Barwari and is the second oldest in Uttar Pradesh and being one of the oldest Barwari, the society always maintained rituals of Goddess Durga and tried to emulate the traditional approach in organising this annual Navratra festival. Late Ram Chandra Banerjee who migrated from Bengal started this Barwari in 1853 where they celebrated the festival either in their lawns or in their verandahs. Later they shifted to a place called Unchawa behind Bharadwaj Ashram and where St. Anthony's Convent is situated now. Thereafter, since 1927 their Durga puja is being organised at the traditional pandal located in front of Anand Bhawan, abode of Jawaharlal Nehru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jeddah", "code": "16913564", "title": "13 Haj pilgrims injured in minor fire in Mecca", "text": "JEDDAH: Thirteen people sustained minor injuries when a fire broke out in a nine-storey building in Mecca, housing Haj pilgrims from India and Myanmar.Ten fire multi-mission squads controlled the blaze in the limits of one room at the fourth floor of the building last evening and evacuated the pilgrims from India and Myanmar, Saudi News agency SPA reported on Monday.The Saudi civil defense units successfully rescued 179 other pilgrims. The injured were treated on the spot, it said.It was not immediately known whether any Indian was among the injured.Media spokesman of the civil defense authority Lt Col Abdullah Al-Orabi Al-Harthi said that rescue teams rushed to the scene and immediately began rescue efforts and extinguishing the fire.The authorities have opened an investigation into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908202", "title": "Special teams to check animal sacrifice", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city police will be teaming up with GHMC and animal husbandry officials to be on a look out for animal sacrifices this Dasara and Bakrid. Senior police officials said that teams comprising officers from all the departments will be formed to keep a check on any such activity in the city during the festivals and take necessary action.Anurag Sharma, city commissioner of police, said, \"Small teams with officials from GHMC and Animal Husbandry department have been formed and entrusted with the responsibility of taking appropriate action wherever illegal animal slaughter and sacrifices are taking place.\" The AP Animals and Birds sacrifices Prohibition Act of 1950 makes animal sacrifice illegal in the state and officials are taking steps to curb the practice this year.Other animal welfare organisations in the city too have planned to take various measures to prevent illegal animal sacrifices in the city. AP Goshala Federation members said they have already deployed some volunteers in areas like Ibrahimpatnam, Vanasthalipuram and Santosh Nagar. Mahesh Agarwal, member of AP State Animal Welfare Board and chairman of Goshala Federation said, \"Especially from Tuesday onwards, volunteers will be on a high alert. Around 12 volunteers will be sent to areas where these rituals usually take place including Lower Tank Bund, Jubilee Hills, Nampally, Balkampet, Borabanda, Bahadurpura and Bholakpur. They will monitor all the activities in these areas so that we can immediately report to the authorities if any animals are brought for sacrifice.\" He added that although such interventions are carried out every year, the number of animal sacrifices in the city has increased in the past few years. \"Around 20,000 animals are sacrificed during these festivals in city and surrounding areas. The figure has increased by around 20% in the past two to three years. This year too vendors at the local markets selling animals have reported that sales have already picked up and are expected to double in the next two days\", Agarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907798", "title": "Ropeway to Nahargarh to take at least one more year", "text": "JAIPUR: The long-awaited ropeway connecting Kanak Vrindavan to Jaigarh &amp; Nahargarh forts still remains a distant dream for the Jaipur Development Authority.According to JDA officials, it will take at least one more year to start the project as environment clearance is a time-consuming process.On Monday, the JDA has applied for a certificate which will be issued by the district collector as per guidelines issued by the Union government under Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) Act, 2006. \"Once 'no objection certificate' from the district collector is received, we will apply for the forest clearance,\" said an official.\"It will take at least more than a year to receive both forest and environmental clearance,\" he said.For seeking forest clearance, the JDA will submit certificates, undertaking and project details attached with the diversions proposals to the forest department, he said.An original G T sheet on a 1:500000 scale map showing the required forest land and adjoining boundary of forests land with complete index will be submitted. Also, geo-reference boundary in shape file and a digital map along with a hard copy duly authenticated by competent authority in the state government of the forest land proposed for diversion, prepared by using total stations or differential GPS is required. \"The documentation required for clearance is completed. Recently, a private company, which will operate the ropeway, has submitted a digital survey,\" said an official.Apart from this, a certified revenue (Khasra) map and certified zamindari copy of forest land will be submitted. Also, documents regarding total land details required for project showing forest and non-forest and showing measurement in hectares will be submitted. \"After a survey it is estimated that 2.84 hectares of JDA and forests land will be required for the project,\" he said.Undertaking to provide equivalent non-forest land for raising compensatory afforestation have to be submitted to get approval. \"The file has been forwarded to zone commissioner and the JDA will soon identify the landing this regard,\" said an official.The eleven-year-old proposal recently received a nod from the empowered committee of the Supreme Court. The National Board of Wildlife had also given clearance to the project.According to officials, the project cost is likely to escalate because of the huge delay. \"Earlier, the estimated cost of the project was around Rs 11.5 crore. It is expected that the revised cost will be around Rs 17.5 crore,\" said the official.The length of the proposed ropeway is 1.5 km and elevation difference between both the terminals is 200 metres. It will be operated on Built-Operate-Transfer (BOT) basis and the lease will be effective for 30 years. A Kolkata-based company, Damodar Ropeways and Construction Company, will handle the ropeway.According to the official, the project was moving at a snail's pace as the forest department said it would damage the forest land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16908810", "title": "Professor commits suicide", "text": "KOCHI: A 38-year-old professor of a private engineering college in the district committed suicide by allegedly jumping into waterfrom Goshree Bridge on Sunday. Police said the deceased was identified as Praveen Sivadas (38) of Vidya Nagar Colony in Kalamassery. He was the head of computer application department at Fisat. The incident occurred around 2pm on Sunday.Mulavukadu police said that it was the locals who alerted police after seeing the person jumping into the wateroff the bridge. \"The person has been sick for the past couple of days. He has gone to college to attend a function on Sunday. As he developed uneasiness, the college staff took him to his father's house in the city,\" police said.tnnThey said the body was fished out of the water after a team of fire and rescue conducted a search for nearly an hour.He was working with the engineering college for the last five years.He is survived by his wife Rashmi and children--Parvathy and Pranav.Kochi: A 38-year-old professor of a private engineering college in the district committed suicide by allegedly jumping into water from Goshree Bridge on Sunday. Police said that the deceased was identified as Praveen Sivadas (38) of Vidya Nagar colony in Kalamassery. He was the head of computer application department at FISAT. The incident occurred around 2 pm.Mulavukadu police said that it was the locals who alerted the police after seeing the person jumping into the water from the bridge. \"The person has been sick for the last couple of days. He has gone to college to attend a function on Sunday. As he developed uneasiness, the college staff took him to his father's house in the city,\" police said.They added that the body was fished out of the water after a team of fire and rescue conducted a search for nearly an hour. He was working with the engineering college for the last five years. He is survived by his wife Rashmi and children--Parvathy and Pranav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16902581", "title": "Kajol visits makeshift Durga Puja pandal", "text": "Bollywood actress Kajol visited a pandal and participated in Durga Puja festivities in Mumbai.Kajol, dressed in white, arrived at the venue and interacted with other devotees as well, with an aim to keep the festive spirit alive.The North Bombay Sarvajanik Puja is one of the oldest pandals in Mumbai.The organiser, Reema Lahiri, said this was the 65th year of the puja and expressed delight as a wide array of activities had been planned for the visitors.\"Today is our 65th North Bombay Sarvajanik Puja and it is a very big day for us, we are excited and delighted. Today, we are having a variety of shows, where all the members are participating, big and small, kids too. We have a variety of AVs, we are paying a tribute to our grandparents and elders and how the puja started. Our puja is the oldest one; it began in the year 1948. Today is the 65th year,\" she said.Kajol was seen reminiscing about her childhood, as she met and greeted everyone present at the pandal.Durga Puja is one of India's most famous festivals. Legend has it that \"Asuras\" or demons from the underworld invaded the heavens after a hundred years of war with the gods.The Hindu trinity of Brahma, Shiva and Vishnu created Goddess Durga, the most powerful of all gods and goddesses to vanquish the demons, hence the term 'Durga Puja' which means worshipping the Goddess.It is believed that the Goddess makes her annual visit to the world and the festivities are meant to welcome her.On this occasion, homes are re-painted and decorated to 'receive' the goddess. Small idols of the goddess are also installed to worship her.The festival culminates with the immersion of the 'Durga' idols into water bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16908493", "title": "Gaya puja pandal depicts communal harmony", "text": "GAYA: Gaya pandal makers and sculptors have been coming up with innovative ideas and local sculptors, besides making beautiful idols here, have spread over to other places including the state capital to add colour and artistic improvisation to puja pandals.Gaya's record in communal harmony has been enviable and despite repeated attempts by agent provocateurs to vitiate the town's atmosphere have been given a definite snub by people who have been living together as a family for generations.The Kedarnath market Puja committee has given shape to the harmony theme in its beautifully crafted pandal at the main business centre. Apart from Goddess Durga with her children Lakshmi, Saraswati, Ganesh and Kartikeya, replica of a mosque and church make the Kedarnath market pandal different from others.According to Puja Samiti secretary Pappu Kumar, the Kedarnath market pandal is a conscious attempt to depict the harmony so vital for peace, growth and development.Asked what prompted him to go for this apparently refreshing theme, Pappu Kumar says recent attempts to break the age-old bonds between different communities, has been at the back of the mind of puja organizers. \"We have together been celebrating the event and the organizing committee includes Mahtab Alam and Md. Babloo,\" said the committee secretary.Some other pandals of the town attract attention for their unique features. At the Manpur pandal, artistically engraved rice grains present the idols in a refreshingly improvised manner. The Ghugri Tand pandal has been made in an eco-friendly manner with jute being the base material of the pandal. Dr Rita Ambastha, a resident of Ghunri Tand area, says the pandal is different and in tune with the new requirements of a changing society.The ever changing Dussehra format does not find favour with some people steeped in tradition. Phtographer Shyam misses the nautanki played at Dhami Tola, Pandaribba and Manpur in the years gone by. The TV culture has scripted a new Dussehra, says the photographer whose father migrated from the Pakistan side of undivided India. Besides nautanki, drama and dance used to be an integral part of Dussehra festivities till the early 1980s, says Shyam. Municipal corporator Lalji Prasad says Dussehra is no longer the same as it was during his younger days. Copybook Dussehra is maintained at two places in the town viz Durga Bari and Vivekanand Colony. Advocate Manas Kumar Roy attributes the changing format to the largescale migration of Bengalis. In 1931, there were about 40,000 Bengalis in Gaya, says Roy. Now the Bengali population is less than 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16907909", "title": "MTech student dies in mishap blamed on pothole", "text": "NAGPUR: A 26-year-old MTech student lost her life on Saturday night when she braked suddenly to avoid a pothole and her bike skidded. Hotel management student Monali Raipure was not wearing a helmet and suffered head injuries when she fell on the divider, causing her death on the spot.Monali and her friend Hina Bhatia (25) were heading to her rented flat from a friend's pre-wedding festivities when she met with the mishap in front of Ladies Club Lawn, Civil Lines. Luckily, Bhatia escaped with a few minor injuries.Bhatia, a native of Bhilai in Chhattisgarh , had come to the city for her friend's wedding at Laxmi Nagar. Both the girls were driving to Monali's flat at Mankapur. According to the police, both girls were not wearing helmets. Monali's parents stay at Brahmapuri in Chandrapur while she was staying as a paying guest in the city since her standard XII.While blaming the pothole for the accident, Monali's father Aabaji Raipure said that she might have been alive today if she was wearing a helmet. \"She was a good driver, but since it was late in the night, they might have been speeding,\" said Raipure, a retired state transport employee.He was informed about Monali's fatal accident by Ambazari police. She was the youngest of three siblings, two sisters and a brother.Raipure's relatives, who visited the spot, said that the pothole at the spot is almost invisible. \"Since it was late in the night, they might have been speeding. As it was dark, she must have failed to notice the pothole from a distance and applied the brakes suddenly on coming close,\" said a relative.Bhatia told the police that due to the sudden application of brakes, their moped skidded and they lost control. \"I fell on the other side of the divider while Monali's head banged on the divider,\" she said. Within minutes, a media person passing by rushed both the girl to a private hospital at Ravi Nagar square.Monali was declared brought dead while Bhatia was discharged after preliminary treatment. Still under shock, Bhatia was taken back home by her family.Monali's body was handed over to her father after the post mortem at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) mortuary. Ambazari police have sized her licence and vehicle, and registered a case of accidental death.Monali's relatives said, \"It's not the first case of a death due to poor condition of roads. Everyone is facing this problem daily. At least the roads at Civil Lines should be maintained properly,\" said a relative.A recent NMC report had said that Dharampeth Zone, which includes Civil Lines, has 115 potholes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16913182", "title": "Traffic jam at Ramadevi, Jajmau for 15 hours", "text": "KANPUR: The city may not find freedom from traffic jams but it is sure going to find a place in books of records if the duration of Sunday's jam on Lucknow-Kanpur highway between Ramadevi crossing and Jajmau is anything to go by-the area was jammed with traffic for 15 hours, beginning in the morning and not ending through evening. Needless to say, traffic cops on duty made no efforts to ease the situation caused largely because of the broken roads of Ramadevi, Jajmau, Lal Bangla and Chakeri. The laxity of departments concerned with traffic control and road repair have made traffic jams a regular feature and when the roads are not jammed, accidents take place, especially in the night hours when either the street lights are not functioning or there is no power supply.On Sunday, there was a long row of trucks, buses and cars stuck up one behind the other inching towards their respective destinations. Several commuters got down from the buses and moved towards Lal Bangla on foot.Traffic in the city is worsening with each passing day. Chunniganj, Govind Nagar, Gumti, Meston Road, P Road, Kalyanpur, Rawatpur, Anwarganj, Jarib Chowki are areas that remain congested for several hours without fail everyday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909364", "title": "12-year-old boy injured in stone-pelting", "text": "NASHIK: A 12-year old boy, Satvik Pal, was reported hurt on Saturday in stone-pelting by an unidentified person while he was returning home after playing dandiya.The incident took place around 10pm on Friday night A complaint over the incident has been lodged with Gangapur police.Robbery worth 3.7 lakh A robbery worth Rs. 3.7 lakh was committed at the residence of Sachin Ahire in the Tidkenagar area of the city.The incident took place between 2 pm and 7pm on Saturday, when unidentified persons broke open the door of the house and decamped with gold and silver ornaments and cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16913418", "title": "After 16 yrs, redemption at last for Arjuna", "text": "MYSORE: Given his height, weight and looks, Arjuna should have been the natural choice for succeeding Drona. But his ill temper and an accidental killing of a mahout ruined his chances.The 52-year-old is now all set to amble through the streets of Mysore on Wednesday during the Dasara procession. His ascendancy to the present post is legendary given that he was not even considered fit to be part of the Dasara jamboree, let alone lead it.Nabbed at Kakanakote forests in H D Kote in 1968 during a 'kheddah' operation - he is one of the last elephants to have been captured employing the 'kheddah' style which was a stockade trap driving the wild jumbos into the trap using domesticated jumbos. Arjuna was in his teens when he was captured.It is now 44 years since he has been domesticated, the heights among Dasara tuskers. He made it to the Dasara festival when he was in his 30s and was seen as a successor to Drona, the celebrated howdah elephant. In the early 1990s, the forest officials started to groom him to be next howdah elephant by getting him to Mysore.He was tall and handsome, the two perfect qualities for a howdah elephant. But he also had a temper. \"The pluses outweighed the negatives and decided to take the chance,'' retired IFS officer M N Jayakumar, who had seen him up close when Arjuna started to arrive with Dasara jumbos, recollected.When Arjuna finally made the cut, Jayakumar was DCF in Mysore attached to Dasara jumbos.When Arjuna carried the howdah, the veteran Drona had ambled silently donning the role of a Nishan elephant and followed him. Part of the reason for tasking Arjuna with the daunting task at such a young age was that Drona was ill that edition. But, Arjuna created a flutter when he charged at the crowd just before the Dasara procession began. This was because a helicopter hovering above raining flower petals on the idol of goddess Chamundeshwari placed inside the 750 kg howdah came too low. He calmed down later and did his job. The next few editions, he followed Drona as Nishan elephant before he was taken off the duty till he made re-entry in 2001.That Arjuna carried the howdah before Balarama explains his majesty. But the glory was short lived. In 1996, when Arjuna and Bahadur, the two tuskers were taken to Karanji lake for bathing, Bahadur's mahout Annaiah fell down and he was trampled upon. It was an accident. Even the mahouts and kavadis say that it is not clear whether it was Arjuna who trampled him, explained vet D N Nagaraj. But Arjuna was blamed for the tragedy given his temperament.That year, Arjuna attended to his Dasara duties and went back to woods. The next five years, he didn't make it to Mysore though he had carried the howdah one time. Part of the reason was his temper and partly because the Dasara authorities had Balarama to do the job after the tragic death of Drona and they didn't need a fallback option.Luckily, Arjuna was sighted by Dr Nagaraj when he was visiting Balle elephant camp in Nagarahole tiger reserve and was amazed by his potential. As luck would have it, Dr Nagaraj was tasked to take care of Dasara jumbos in 2000. The following year when the list of jumbos to be part of Dasara was drawn up, Arjuna had again missed the chance. The practice is the elephants are shortlisted by vets and officials after visiting the camps and the list is submitted to the PCCF, who approves it.Fact file of Arjuna: Arjuna, who ambles along an illuminated Sayyaji Rao road during rehearsals here, has exceptional qualities. He is 2.80m tall and is taller than Balarama. Generally, Asiatic elephants weigh 4,500 kg. But Arjuna weighs little over 5,500 kg when he checked into Mysore, which is expected to cross 5,800 kg at least.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908540", "title": "Couple dies in road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a tragic incident, a couple died in a road accident near MJ Market on Sunday morning. The victims were identified as J Chinni Babu, 27, and his wife Mani Kumari, 25, of Prashanti Nagar in Balapur. The couple was from Nandyal in Kurnool district. Chinni Babu was a marketing officer with a fertilizer firm in Balapur, while Mani Kumari was working as a nurse at a private hospital in Narsingi.At 4am, the couple started from their home on their bike to attend morning prayers at a church in Kukatpally. As they were nearing the Vikranti Cinema near MJ Market, the couple, while trying to overtake a 10-tyre truck in the narrow stretch, accidentallycame under the heavy vehicle and died on the spot. \"They were crushed under the middle tyres of the heavy vehicle and died on the spot,\" Afzalgunj sub-inspector (SI) D Ram Prasad told TOI.Immediately after the incident, the truck driver abandoned the vehicle and fled from the spot. Police booked a case against the driver under section 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and launched a manhunt to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16911648", "title": "Tribals protest dam construction in Dindori", "text": "BHOPAL: Hundreds of tribals in Dindori came out in protest after the state government started the construction work of a dam in Shahpura block on Saturday. Agitating tribals claimed that the state was going ahead with the construction of the Bhilgaon Dam even though a plea has been filed in the MP high court.\"The area has been sealed by the police and we are being restricted from going to our villages,'' leader of the agitation Antar Singh Paraste told reporters.Residents of the area took the matter to the high court earlier this year arguing that all local villages coming under the submergence area of the dam had passed a resolution against the construction of the dam. They also claimed the construction would be illegal and against the existing laws rendering tribals of the area homeless. The medium-sized dam would require nearly 650 hectares of land and many tribal villages would be in the submergence area.In April, the state government too filed its reply before the MP high court. Affected tribal families said that the state government had informed the court that construction work would not be started till all affected families were rehabilitated. The matter will come up for hearing again on October 29.Antar Singh Paraste explained that the state government had sworn before the high court that all settlements of the displaced families would be completed before the construction work began. \"Far from completing the settlements, the government has even ignored its own admissions before the high court. The state has started construction of the dam even before the HC is hearing our plea,'' Paraste said.As tribals staged their protest, the Gondwana Gantantra Party (GGP) came out in support of the demonstrators. The party threatened to join hands with the affected people and launch a prolonged agitation against the BJP government for trying to eradicate tribals and expel them from their land. The party demanded immediate stalling of the construction work.GGP general secretary Aman Singh Porte said, land acquisition had been done illegally and against the rules by the state. He explained that the legal formalities have been overlooked and construction was started forcefully by the district administration banning the entrance of villagers.The district administration, however, justified that compensation packages have been offered at seven times the usual amount. The state government also denied that tribals were being debarred from entering their villages.Far from completing the settlements, the government has even ignored its own admissions before the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16912833", "title": "Owner forgets to lock door, thieves make merry", "text": "HUBLI: A railway employee from Hubli paid a huge price for his negligence, after he left for Bangalore locking only the grills in front of his main door and leaving the main door open. Robbers gained easy entry and made off with valuables worth Rs 1.68 lakh.The incident happened in Bhavani Nagar of Hubli on Saturday. According to the Keshwapur police, robbers broke open the lock of the grill door and took away many valuables, including cash. Lakshmi Narayan Rao, the owner of the house, forgot to lock the main door. The door of the cupboard was also not locked, said police sources.Neighbours noticed something was amiss and informed Keshwapur police, who have registered a case.BIKER HITS TEMPO, DIES!A motorcyclist was killed in a road accident while he rammed into a goods tempo near Belur industrial area of Garag police station limits. According to Garag police station sources, the deceased was identified as Chandru Mevundi (25), a resident of Chandapur village in Haveri. Mevundi hit the tempo from behind and died on the spot.Garag police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16908109", "title": "Six held in Vasco gang war", "text": "Vasco: Six people from Khariawada have been arrested for allegedly assaulting and injuring a group of ten from Vaddem with wooden sticks and other weapons.On Saturday night, during the celebrations at Newvaddem, two groups had a minor fight outside the dandiya hall. Vasco police intervened and asked both groups to leave. Later that night, when the Vaddem group was sitting near the Vaddem Lake, the Khariawada group attacked them with weapons. Four were immediately shifted to GMC. Of the four, three were discharged on Sunday and Kalandar Khan, 30, resident of Vaddem is critical.Vasco police have arrested Rupesh Naik, 28, Santosh Naik, 30, Mangesh Naik, 24, Mohammed Shaikh, 28, Andrew D'souza, 20, from Khariawada and Swapnil Naik, 30, from Newvaddem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16908547", "title": "Sivakasi cracker blast toll touches 40", "text": "MADURAI: The toll in the fireworks accident in Mudalipatti near Sivakasi rose to 40 with a 63-year-old woman injured in the accident passing away on Saturday night.Paunthai, wife of Karmegam from Pandian Nagar near Thiruthangal, was injured in the accident on September 5 and was admitted to the Government Rajaji Hospital on September 6 after being referred from the Sivakasi Government Hospital where she was admitted initially.She was treated in GRH for more than a month but failed to respond to prolonged treatment and passed away on Saturday night, hospital sources said. The body of the woman was handed over to relatives after the post-mortem and Vachakarapatti police have registered a case in this regard.On September 5, the accident in the fireworks unit at Mudalipatti shook Sivakasi town, the fireworks hub of the country. While 36 died on the day of the accident and another 70 were injured, three more succumbed to death on the next day, taking the toll to 39.Following the accident, officials tightened their noose on the hundreds of fireworks units in the town, inspecting nearly 518 units and suspending the licences of 58 temporarily on various safety violations. Followed by that, workers went on strike over the loss of livelihood as many units were closed down due to fear of raids. A central committee from the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research visited Sivakasi on October 10 to study safety features of the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16906893", "title": "53 years of Yash and Raj at box-office come to an end", "text": "Few Hindi film directors, if any, personified versatility, quality and durability better than Yash Chopra , who died following complications caused by dengue at Mumbai's Lilavati hospital on Sunday evening.The founder of Bollywood's premier banner, Yash Raj Films, and perhaps the industry's most powerful movie mogul, Chopra had turned 80 on September 27. But he was still on top of his game; eagerly awaiting the release of his latest directorial venture, Jab Tak Hai Jaan, next month.Among the most influential directors in mainstream Bollywood , Chopra's films shaped the careers and, in a sense, defined the work of Bollywood's two biggest superstars: Amitabh Bachchan and Shah Rukh Khan.It was Chopra's Deewar (1975) that firmly established Bachchan's angry young man character that millions in 1970s India identified with.Similarly, the director further crystalised Shah Rukh's negative image in Darr (1993) before remolding it completely with romantic superhits such as Dil To Pagal Hai (1997) and Veer Zara (2004). But more importantly, he produced the blockbuster Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge (1995) -- directed by son Aditya (YRF's boss) -- which turned Shah Rukh into an A-list romantic star.Nobody popularized chiffon saris like Chopra. His later films often had ardent lovers bouncing in picture-postcard Switzerland; so much so that the European country even named a train in his honour. Yet the title, King of Romance, was a late acquisition for the Lahore-born filmmaker.In a directorial career spanning over five decades, Chopra effortlessly hopped from one genre to another. Human drama (Dhool Ka Phool, 1959, his debut film), stylish social (Waqt, 1965, where he blended lost-and-found formula with a glimpse of India Shining in the 1960s) and songless murder mystery (Ittefaq, 1969, his most experimental film) - he did it all.Till then, he had been working under the banner of his brother, the great B R Chopra. In 1973, he set up his own production house, Yash Raj Films, Daag (1973) being its first venture. The film was among the biggest hits of the year but Chopra dumped superstar Rajesh Khanna because of his starry tantrums. From then onwards, he forged a durable and profitable partnership with Bachchan.His later works, especially those he made under his own banner, had two distinct strands - mature romance (Kabhi Kabhie, Silsila, Chandni, Lamhe, Veer Zara) and action-oriented human conflicts (Deewar, Trishul). But he also occasionally surprised you with a smart thriller like Darr.Chopra's grand theme was love and it was seldom a simple affair. In his films, it was usually a high-hanging fruit that could be attained only after navigating through a maze of complications and snuffles.Complex love triangles (Daag and Chandni), convoluted love quadrangle (Silsila), love defying category (Kabhi Kabhie), age-gap amour (Lamhe), fake young serious romance (Dil To Paagal Hai), love as sacrifice (Veer Zara), he tried to capture love in every hue.Nonetheless, his love had its share of class bias; Chopra's lovers were invariably well-heeled. The deprived never really fell in love in his films - though the great Urdu poet and lyricist Sahir Ludhianvi was a part of his musical team. Yet the beauty and the balance of it all was that you could watch these movies as much with your lover as with your grandmother. No surprise, a majority of moviegoers found them engaging and appealing as the box-office records suggest.Music was always a hallmark of his romantic movies. And he helped revive the career of Khayyam by giving the out-of-job composer an opportunity to give music in Kabhi Kabhie. Khayyam repaid the trust by providing an unforgettable score. Chopra also worked with two classical musicians, Hari Prasad Chaurasia and Shiv Kumar Sharma.It is said Yash briefly worked for the comic genius I S Johar before beginning his career officially assisting his elder brother, B R Chopra in socially conscious movies such as Ek Hi Raasta, Naya Daur and Sadhna.His own later work does not have the same social commitment that he first displayed in works like Dharmputra (1961) but to Chopra's credit he never compromised on his idea of creating entertaining cinema even when he fell on hard times in the mindless 1980s and delivered a succession of box-office turkeys (Faasle, Vijay).Patience has its reward. The director rode on an inspirational second wind; his last three films were all box-office biggies- Darr (1993), Dil To Paagal Hai (1997) and Veer Zaara (2004).With advancing age, one could see a growing gap between each of his directorial ventures. The Shah Rukh Khan starrer releasing in November was meant to be a fitting swansong to his illustrious career. May be it will. But sadly, its creator won't be there to see it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16908443", "title": "PCMC to get 78 personnel for urban police station, chowkeys", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) is likely to get 78 police personnel from the state government for its urban police station and four chowkeys.The PCMC had two years ago sent a proposal about starting an urban police station which would take action against encroachments and unauthorised constructions.Shirish Poreddy, spokesperson, engineering department, PCMC, said, \"Earlier this month, the additional chief secretary of the state home department held a meeting in Mumbai where the department principally agreed to provide police personnel to the civic body to start the urban police station and chowkeys. It has put a condition that the civic body has to deposit the salaries of the police personnel with the state government three months in advance.\"The PCMC general body has already approved a resolution for creating the urban police station and chowkeys for which it will provide land or space. \"The civic body will only need the approval of the standing committee every time to give the three month advance payment to the state government for the salaries of the police personnel and other employees,\" Poreddy added.The municipal corporation has proposed that there will be one urban police station for the entire city and one urban police chowkey each for the four zones within the municipal limits.The civic body had earlier sent a proposal to the state government saying that 78 police personnel including officials will be required for the urban police station and chowkeys. These include one assistant police commissioner or deputy police superintendent, one police inspector, six police sub-inspectors, six police head constables (havaldars), 36 armed police constables, 24 women police constables and four police naiks or drivers.The state government had issued a government resolution in March 2009 to all municipal corporations and municipal councils to set up urban police stations and police chowkeys.The municipal corporations had to submit the number of urban police posts required to the state government. The urban police will work under the administrative control of the municipal corporations which will pay their salaries, allowance, holidays, gratuity and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913672", "title": "Garba song sequences in Gujarati films", "text": "Be it a big budget or a small budget Gujarati flick, one thing that typifies Gollywood movies is the garba song sequence that is included in almost every next Gujarati movie.In the past, there have been wonderful renditions like Pankheeda and Odhani which till today are played during the Navratri celebrations across Gujarat. Now Gujarati filmmakers are only taking the Navratri fervor a step ahead by pepping up the garba song sequences with a modern touch and different notes. A number of recent releases like Veer Hamirji had traditional garba song sequence in the movie.Actor Mona Thiba too is shooting in Surat for a garba song sequence for her upcoming untitled movie. Gollywood and garba, filmmakers say cannot be separated. Taking from the living legend of G-Town, Naresh Kanodia to his son Hitu Kanodia, every actor and filmmaker in Gollywood ensures that they give their best takes for those special garba song sequences.Dandiya raas got its due share of glam in Gollywood. With top actors ike Mona Thiba and Pranjal Bhatt endorsing the idea of garba song sequences in their films, the scope of experimenting with attire and also props has increased.Now, the million dollar question is how long will Gujarati filmmakers sustain songs with traditional tunes owing to the remix trend and Bollywood influence on garba beats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16908718", "title": "No complaints on weekends about \u2018bad sweets\u2019: Health department", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If a sweetmeat leaves you sick during a weekend, don't rush to the UT health department to lodge a complaint. For, you will find no one to listen to your grievance. And even the tollfree number of Food Safety and Standards Authority, India, (FSSAI) will not offer you any solace.The health department grievance cell remains closed on Saturday and Sunday and FSSAI tollfree number remains non-functional all through the week.\"We have just three food safety inspectors for different zones of the city, while Panchkula has only one. And they take an off on weekend. In case of an adulteration allegation, we should receive a written complaint within 24 hours. But not on a Saturday or a Sunday,\" said Dr Satbir Singh, local health authority and designated officer for Food Safety Act, UT health department. The cell receives complaints from Monday to Friday between 9am and 5pm.During the festival season, shops make sweetmeats in abundance, often compromising with their quality. \"We will conduct surprise checks on shops. Most of the times, \"khoya\" is kept in unhygienic conditions in places like Bapudham, Mauli Jagran and Manimajra. To make big bucks, they manufacture more than their capacity,\" Dr Singh added. \"Even consumers can visit the government lab in Sector 11 with their sample after we receive a written complaint from them,\" he said. The season also sees hospitals receiving many cases of diarrhoea and food poisoning.\"Eating \"mithais\" from substandard shops causes stomach infections. Milk and its products allow bacteria to proliferate when the storage conditions are not proper,\" said Dr R S Bedi, president of the Indian Medical Association. Doctors have another word of advice: avoid colourful sweets, as these might contain adulterated colours. The recently-revised Food Safety Act is more stringent and has been reframed to speed up penalty in case of an adulteration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909360", "title": "Students still brave evening peak hr rush", "text": "NASHIK: The lack of coordination among various government agencies like the education department, the city police, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has deprived school students of additional buses during the evening peak hours. The situation is most likely to remain unchanged till the forthcoming Diwali vacation ends.The main reason is that the officials concerned have not been able to interact among themselves and with school managements to stagger the closing time of schools in the evening, so that a large number of students do not crowd bus stops. At present, schools shut down for the day during peak hour rush and students, mainly from municipal and local Marathi schools, crowd bus stops to compete with other commuters.The idea of staggering the closing time of schools has been pending since last year and was to be sorted out before the commencement of the current academic year in June this year. However, even the additional eight bus services introduced by the MSRTC recently, have been suspended till Diwali.The education department, entrusted with the responsibility of having a dialogue with schools in the city for deciding on the closing times of the day to decongest streets for safety of students in the evening, is yet to come up with data and solution.Deputy commissioner of police Sandeep Diwan on Wednesday informed that the police were awaiting a reply for the education department since the Ganesh festival and a reminder regarding the same has also been dispatched recently. Diwan further added that MSRTC too has not started plying additional buses as it had decided to do so after the Ganesh festival. This claim has been refuted by MSRTC.The statement of the police only exhibits lack of coordination among the concerned agencies that have been mulling over the matter for almost a year-and-a-half now, when it was first taken up by the then Collector P Velrasu.When asked about meetings with school-heads, statistics about the numbers of children coming from the various areas of the city - as was decided in the last meeting called by the DCP - zilla parishad education officer BK Dahiphale only said that some data was ready and would be presented in the next meeting. When asked if the decision on staggered timings could be reached, the official said that it would take some more time.On the other hand the MSRTC has claimed that the corporation had started eight bus services out of the possible 13 between 5 and 6pm after the Ganesh festival ended. \"We had six buses running to Nashik Road, Bhagur, Satpur, Ambad areas till the day before the Ghatasthapana. We have pulled our staff to provide services for Saptashrungi gad, and hence the bus services will not be available now. Further, the buses are likely to resume only after Diwali vacation, when the schools re-open,\" the MSRTC official said adding that the staggered timing of the schools would further ease the situation.He said that he was also waiting for the data of the students with respect to their destinations so as to plan buses accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16907406", "title": "Trauma centre planned in old district hospital", "text": "Noida Authority has approved construction of a 30-bed trauma centre within the premises of the old district hospital in Sector 39. To be based on the lines of AIIMS trauma centre in Delhi, the Authority hopes to develop two operation theatres, a six-bed private ward, and 15 specialised departments in their project within two years. A private consultant for the project will be appointed by the first week of November to begin work on the feasibility, design, and cost of the project. The Authority plans to construct an eight storey building that will house a radiology centre, physiotherapy, OPD and pharmacy, a special ward for women and a helipad on the terrace for air ambulances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "16908079", "title": "Quelossim locals meet GAIL officials", "text": "VASCO: Villagers of Quelossim met Gas Authority of India Ltd (GAIL) officials for the third time to discuss damages that will be caused to their fields due to laying of the gas pipeline.The sarpanch was asked to collect the names of the farmers whose fields would be damaged and submit it to the deputy collector's office. Sources said, \"The villagers' land will be temporarily taken charge of till the the laying of the pipeline is complete. The land will not be acquired. Secondly the bundh wall of the dam in the field will not be touched.\" Officials have said that in case the farmers lose a harvest they will be paid the amount of two harvests. The compensations will be paid in two parts, one before laying the pipeline and one after the completion of work.Villagers also raised queries about the laying of the pipeline at the gram sabha earlier on Sunday. But the sarpanch conceded that the panchayat had not been provided any details or documents about it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16907402", "title": "Bank can\u2019t deny education loan due to low marks: Madras HC", "text": "CHENNAI: Banks cannot deny educational loan to students on the grounds that his or her academic record is poor, the Madras high court has ruled.\"The bank cannot deny educational loan on the ground that the academic record of the petitioner at the school level was very poor,\" said Justice D Hariparanthaman in order on a writ petition of a Scheduled Caste girl. He added, \"There's no such provision in the circular of the bank that the loan can be sanctioned only if the academic performance of the student was very good at the school level.\"Justice Hariparanthaman further said, \"I have noted in my earlier order dated September 15, 2010, that Dr B R Ambedkar obtained only 287 marks out of 750 in the matriculation examinations and his educational need was taken care of by King of Baroda on the ground that he belongs to scheduled caste.\"Noting that the Union government had introduced the educational loan scheme to help the economically weaker sections and not even a third party guarantee was required for disbursement of loans up to Rs 4 lakh, Justice Hariparanthaman asked the Punjab National Bank to sanction educational loan to the student within four weeks.The matter relates to a writ petition of Anitha, a nursing student from Vellore district. Although she cleared her plus two in 2005, she was unable to continue her higher education due to family circumstances and poor health condition of her mother. Later, she joined BSc (nursing) at Noorie College of Nursing in Kolar district in Karnataka. She applied for an education loan for Rs 3.15 lakh. But, the Punjab National Bank rejected her application on the ground that her academic performance at the school level was poor.The bank, however, justified the denial of educational loan to Anitha, stating that it had been provided for in the bank's circular. Referring to earlier orders of the court, the judge said the circular could not go beyond such orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909007", "title": "Yash Chopra: Such legends come Kabhi Kabhie", "text": "Till 1973, Yash Chopra had been working under the banner of his brother, the great B R Chopra. In that year, he set up his own production house, Yash Raj Films, Daag (1973) being its first venture.The film was among the biggest hits of the year but Chopra dumped superstar Rajesh Khanna because of his starry tantrums. From then onwards, he forged a durable and profitable partnership with Amitabh Bachchan .His later works, especially those he made under his own banner, had two distinct strands - mature romance (Kabhi Kabhie, Silsila, Chandni, Lamhe, Veer Zara) and action-oriented human conflicts (Deewar, Trishul). But he also occasionally surprised you with a smart thriller like Darr.Chopra's grand theme was love and it was seldom a simple affair. In his films, it was usually a high-hanging fruit that could be attained only after navigating through a maze of complications and snuffles. Complex love triangles (Daag and Chandni), convoluted love quadrangle (Silsila), love defying category (Kabhi Kabhie), age-gap amour (Lamhe), fake young serious romance (Dil To Paagal Hai), love as sacrifice (Veer Zara), he tried to capture love in every hue.Nonetheless, his love had its share of class bias; Chopra's lovers were invariably wellheeled. The deprived never really fell in love in his films - though the great Urdu poet and lyricist Sahir Ludhianvi was a part of his musical team.Yet the beauty and the balance of it all was that you could watch these movies as much with your lover as with your grandmother. No surprise, a majority of moviegoers found them engaging and appealing as the box-office records suggest.Music was always a hallmark of his romantic movies. He took pride in the fact that his films had some of the most beautiful lyrics ever written in Hindi cinema -- and the picturisation did full justice to the lines. Amitabh Bachchan's sonorous rendition of poetry in Silsila can still induce goosebumps. And he helped revive the career of Khayyam by giving the out-of-job composer an opportunity to give music in Kabhi Kabhie. Khayyam repaid the trust by providing an unforgettable score. Chopra also worked with two classical musicians, Hari Prasad Chaurasia and Shiv Kumar Sharma. It is said Yash briefly worked for the comic genius I S Johar before beginning his career officially assisting his elder brother, B R Chopra in socially conscious movies such as Ek Hi Raasta, Naya Daur and Sadhna.His own later work does not have the same social commitment that he first displayed in works like Dharmputra (1961) but to Chopra's credit he never compromised on his idea of creating entertaining cinema even when he fell on hard times in the mindless 1980s and delivered a succession of box-office turkeys (Faasle, Vijay). Patience has its reward. The director rode on an inspirational second wind; his last three films were all box-office biggies - Darr (1993), Dil To Paagal Hai (1997) and Veer Zaara (2004).With advancing age, one could see a growing gap between each of his directorial ventures . The Shah Rukh Khan starrer releasing in November was meant to be a fitting swansong to his illustrious career. May be it will. But sadly, its creator won't be there to see it.Memorable lamheBorn | 27 September, 1932Birthplace | LahoreEarly lifeThe youngest of eight children born to a Punjabi accountant in the PWD of the British administration in Punjab.Was brought up mostly in the Lahore house of his second brother, B R Chopra (Baldev Raj), who was first a film scribe and later in life a movie baron.Went to Jullunder in 1945 to continue his education Baldev migrated to Bombay weeks before the Partition.First stepsBaldev gave Yash his first directorial opportunity in 'Dhool Ka Phool' in 1959, which became a big box-office hit.Made another four films for Baldev, notably 1965's 'Waqt'.Married Pamela Singh in 1970. Their two sons, Aditya and Uday, were born in 1971 and 1973.Rise &amp; riseFounded Yash Raj Films in '71 From 1973 produced many of his films but also made movies for Gulshan Rai's Trimurti Films Made a number of Amitabh Bachchan-starrer films, notably 'Deewaar' (1975) and 'Trishul' (1978) In the late '80s, as the romantic genre rose in popularity, a highly successful period began in his career Made the blockbuster 'Chandni' (1989), followed by 'Lamhe' in 1991, which found favour in metropolitan cities In 1993, directed 'Darr' that marked the beginning of the celluloid journey with Shah Rukh Khan Was filming 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' when he took ill. SOURCE: yashrajfilms.comAwards and recognitionFilmfare Awards1965, Best Director (Waqt) 1969, Best Director (Ittefaq) 1973, Best Director (Daag) 1975, Best Director (Deewaar) 1991, Best Movie (Lamhe) 1995, Best Movie (Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge) 1997, Best Movie (Dil To Pagal Hai) 2004, Best Movie (Veer-Zaara ).Others2001, Dadasaheb Phalke Award 2005, Padma Bhushan 2008, Officier de la Legion d'Honneur.National Film Award (Producer).1998, Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment (Dil To Pagal Hai) 2005, Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment (Veer-Zaara ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16913513", "title": "Amazon removes 'sickening' death camp game", "text": "LONDON: American multinational e-commerce firm Amazon was forced to drop a jigsaw puzzle game linked to the Nazi death camps in the Bavaian town of Dachau, after its appearance sparked fury among Holocaust survivors.The KZ Puzzle, KZ standing for concentration camp in Germany, which first appeared on Amazon two weeks ago, was advertised as suitable for 'children from the age of eight' and cost about 16 pounds.The '10x14' jigsaw puzzle with 252 pieces apparently showed 'ovens' that were used to burn corpses of prisoners, following which Bavarian conservative politician Gerda Hasselfeldt wrote to Amazon boss Jeff Bezos, complaining against the game.\"This is a real slap in the face for concentration camp survivors and relatives of victims. The Dachau memorial is a place of remembrance for the suffering of countless victims. It cannot be in Amazon's interest to sell such a game,\" the Daily Mail quoted Hasselfeldt, as saying.Pieter Diez de Loos, Pesident of the International Committee of Dachau, said that he was happy that the hideous game was discontinued.\"I am happy that the distribution of this hideous 'game' was discontinued. It was disgusting that the ovens were used for a puzzle. No one should accept that the victims of the inhuman murder machine of the Third,\" he said.The Holocaust was the systematic, bureaucratic, state-sponsored persecution and murder of approximately six million Jews by the Nazi regime and its collaborators. \"Holocaust\" is a word of Greek origin meaning \"sacrifice by fire.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909305", "title": "Water departmen proposes a Rs 290-crore development plan", "text": "NASHIK: The Water Resource Department (WRD) has proposed Rs 290-crore Godavari front development plan between Ramwadi and Holkar Bridge. It includes a cable-stayed bridge which will add to the tourist package of the city. Moreover, the plan promises to add to the city's beautification.Sources from the collectorate said that the Rs 290-crore plan includes preparing a report based on detailed survey, land acquisition, construction of barrages, revamping ghats on left and right banks of river Godavari with a cable-stayed bridge on the lines of Laxman Zula at Rishikesh.The WRD recently submitted plans to the collectorate at their meetings about finalizing the amenities, which include community facilities such as security, that have to be in place before the Kumbh mela takes into consideration the construction of Ganga ghat on both the banks.After recently warning the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) against creating a cement concrete riverbed, the Godaghat project that is coming upstream of Ramkund plans to limit the concrete structures only till the banks without interfering with the water flow.While the project report-making will cost Rs 3 crores, the construction of both ghats is estimated at Rs 142 crore and the bridge worth Rs 16 crores. The two barrages -one each at Holkar Bridge and near Tapovan- will also be constructed which will further help in control of flow of water, cleanliness and other activities.While the WRD presented the plan to the collectorate to be included in Kumbh mela funds, the collectorate has however asked the department to propose the same to its parent department to be included in the expenses such that the construction activity begins at the earliest- much before the Kumbh mela funds are sanctioned, which will happen only after April 2013.\"Though the WRD officials say that it was a block estimate, the plan is too costly to be executed from the Kumbh mela funds. It is better that such big ideas are taken up through department funds itself,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "16907772", "title": "Unending woes: Rickshaw puller's infant daughter down with septicemia", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: Despite several people coming out to help Bablu both financially and emotionally, his problems are far from over. Just when he thought life will now be easier, the health of his one-month-old daughter is fast deteriorating.Bablu, who used to carry his child while driving the cycle rickshaw ferrying passengers, had admitted the infant to a hospital on Thursday after she showed symptoms of stomachache and other problems. On Sunday, doctors diagnosed the infant with septicemia and she was rushed to a private hospital and the state government has decided to bear all her medical expenses.After TOI published a story on the plight of Bablu on Thursday, medical and health department officials and Bharatpur district collector Gyan Prakash Shukla came to the rescue of the father-daughter duo and decided to refer the girl to Fortis hospital when septicemia was diagnosed.\"We are aware of the fact that the girl's father Bablu is a very poor man. Thus, we will ensure that proper medication is given to the infant. The state government will bear the medical expenses of the girl,\" Shukla said while talking to TOI on Sunday.\"We have also escorted a doctor along with the girl when she was rushed to Fortis hospital,\" Shukla added.Likewise, the district administration have also sent a sub-divisional officer (SDO) to take care of Bablu at the hospital. The district administration has also spoken to principal secretary (health) to ensure proper treatment of the girl at the hospital.Ashok Garg, a doctor with government hospital at Bharatpur, said, \" The age of the girl is now 34 days and her weight should have been at least 4 kg. But, it is reduced to 1.5 kg now.\"Bablu was upset with the things happening around him as he said, \"I lost my wife a month ago and I am praying to the God to give the best of health to my daughter. Everyone has been good to me in this time of grief. I hope my daughter survives and gets better.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16914507", "title": "Impact of inflation visible in Bakra Mandi", "text": "VARANASI: Though the meat of sacrificial goats is considered as priceless, the impact of inflation is evident at the temporary Bakra Mandi in Beniabagh Park. Animal traders claim that each kg of meat would cost minimum Rs 800 this time.The traders converged at Beniabagh having goats ranging from Rs 8,000 to Rs 1.25 lakh to sell before Bakrid. The traders are mostly from Etawah, Mainpuri and Fatehpur districts. But the ones seeking high price are from neighbouring districts like Mau and Faizabad. TOI tried to take stock of the situation on Sunday. Trader named as Ghaus Mohammed was standing a few yards away from the main entrance of the Bakra Mandi with his two heavy goats, each above 120 kg. The trader was demanding Rs 1.25 lakh for each animal. Earlier, Ghaus tried to sell his goats in his home district Faizabad, where he was seeking Rs 1.21 lakh per animal. On failing to do, he planned to visit bigger market. He is confident that both his goats would be sold here. Ghaus was confident because customers bargained with him and agreed to pay Rs 80,000 per goat.All the customers do not have the capacity to pay a huge amount for the sacrificial animal. Sippu, a member of Banaras Sporting Club, has got the tender to hold the Bakra Mandi at Beniabagh. He said that majority of families have the tradition of sacrificing more than one goat and they carry limited budget for purchasing the animals. The buyers are worried as the minimum price, which was Rs 4,000 last year, has gone up considerably.Even the goats of 12-18 kg category are being sold for Rs 8,000 this time, said Aslam. When asked the reason behind the massive increase in price, the traders replied that fodder and transportation charges had doubled due to hike in the price of diesel. They are forced to pay huge amount to police on the highways to take the animals to the market.Sacrificial goats are available in barbari (spotted) and Yamunapari (long ear) categories. The barbari goats are from Etawah, Mainpuri and Fatehpuri and other west UP district. The demand is high because of the low price of barbari goats. The most attractive animals are from Mubarakpur and Mau. Shamim said that during Bakrid trading, goats are not only sold on the basis of size, weight and health but the look of the animal also helps in increasing the price.The price of sacrificial goats has increased but the number of buyers visible at this market hinted clearly that this reason is not going to affect the trade. The traders said that about 50 per cent buying of sacrificial goats had already been completed. The remaining animals are likely to be sold in coming two to three days. Bakra Mandi organizers pointed out that neither the price rise nor the booming sale of goats are going to benefit them as they had already paid a huge amount of Rs 16 lakh to get the contract for holding the Mandi. The office bearers said that the club takes pain to hold the Mandi just to save the football ground. If any other person or organization would get the contract for holding the Mandi, the ground would get spoiled, which had been prepared after exercising hard for several years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16906712", "title": "Mass shootout in US mall, at least 7 injured", "text": "NEW YORK: At least seven people were shot at by an unidentified gunman who went on a shooting rampage near a spa in a US city, creating panic among the people, media reports said.The shooter opened fire in the Milwaukee suburb of Brookfield where just two months back a Gurdwara was attacked by a man of white supremacist leanings.Local media reports said the shooter was still at large as emergency services swarmed the area and police locked down the road where the incident was reported.The shooting reportedly occurred in and around a spa that was across the road from a shopping mall.According to Milwaukee Sentinel Journal police was looking for a 6 feet 1 inch tall a black male who may be driving a black Mazda as a suspect but have not officially released any more information on the shooting.The paper said at least seven people were shot at. Some reports indicated that the shooter might have been dressed in military fatigues and fled from the scene in a black Mazda.A witness said he saw a girl screaming at the scene. \"She was screaming, yelling, crying hysterical. She was pleading for help... She kept saying, 'My mother was shot.' And she mentioned that there was a gunman,\" he said.In August, the city was shaken by a shootout in which worshipers at a gurdwara were targeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16912710", "title": "Silvery fish break law of physics to hide from predators", "text": "WASHINGTON: The skin of silvery fish maintains high reflectivity to help them conceal from predators, such as dolphin and tuna, according to a new research.Reflective surfaces polarize light, a phenomenon that fishermen or photographers overcome by using polarizing sunglasses or polarizing filters to cut our reflective glare.However, PhD student Tom Jordan from the Bristol Centre for Complexity Sciences and his supervisors Professor Julian Partridge and Dr Nicholas Roberts in Bristol's School of Biological Sciences found that these silvery fish have overcome this basic law of reflection - an adaptation that may help them evade predators.Previously, it was thought that the fish's skin - which contains \"multilayer\" arrangements of reflective guanine crystals - would fully polarize light when reflected. As the light becomes polarized, there should be a drop in reflectivity.The Bristol researchers found that the skin of sardines and herring contain not one but two types of guanine crystal - each with different optical properties.By mixing these two types, the fish's skin doesn't polarize the reflected light and maintains its high reflectivity.\"We believe these species of fish have evolved this particular multilayer structure to help conceal them from predators, such as dolphin and tuna. These fish have found a way to maximize their reflectivity over all angles they are viewed from. This helps the fish best match the light environment of the open ocean, making them less likely to be seen,\" Dr Roberts said.As a result of this ability, the skin of silvery fish could hold the key to better optical devices.\"Many modern day optical devices such as LED lights and low loss optical fibres use these non-polarizing types of reflectors to improve efficiency. However, these man-made reflectors currently require the use of materials with specific optical properties that are not always ideal. The mechanism that has evolved in fish overcomes this current design limitation and provides a new way to manufacture these non-polarizing reflectors,\" Tom Jordan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16911719", "title": "Technosearch at MANIT concludes", "text": "BHOPAL: A four-day technical festival 'Technosearch' organized at Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) concluded here on Sunday.Indian Industries Association chairman Anurag Gupta, who was the chief guest of the closing ceremony, distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions organized under the event.Various competitions including robotics, robowars, civil architecture, macathalon, knight coding for the programming geeks while the electrical circuit designing events chemville for the chemistry students and code-poker, a unique blend of pokers strategy and coding skills, were organized during the four-day tech fest.About 50 events from diverse engineering disciplines tested skills of the participants. Students from around 200 colleges including Bhopal and other parts of the state participated.In the evening, Garba was organized for the first time in the MANIT campus by the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16907287", "title": "Churning wealth out of waste", "text": "Class ApartGoing green is everyone's mantra today. But two students of Canadian International School took the first steps to actually put their plans into practice.In 2011, Ramita Kondepudi and Jaewon Saw began an environment club in their school called, \"The Green Idea\". One of the many projects this club began was to produce biogas and use it on campus. They were assisted in their efforts by faculty member Regis Caudrillier.To educate themselves on the process of biogas formation, the team visited a corporate office in Whitefield which had a functioning biogas plant. There they learnt about the basics required for a similar plant at school. At this office, they got first hand exposure to terms like digester, air compressor and other components that go into the making of a biogas unit.It was after this visit that the school decided to put into practice all the theoretical knowledge they had gained. And thus was born the biogas plant at CIS.Apart from being just a green initiative, the entire project was a learning process for the students who saw their lessons in a new light. The anaerobic respiration of bacteria was a biology lesson, the production of methane was a chemistry lesson and the actual implementation of a renewable energy resource was a lesson in physics.In March 2012, Green Idea managed to make their first batch of bio-coffee with the biogas. \"It was an amazing experience - seeing our months of waiting come together,\" says Caudrillier.When anaerobic bacteria break down organic waste, biogas is produced. Any residue that is left can be used as fertilizer. The gas that is produced can be used for cooking, lighting and generating electricity - it is truly an eco-friendly product.Ramita Kondepudi and Jaewon Saw may have graduated and gone on to greener pastures, but the work they began in their school, still goes on.How They Did ItAs a first step, they installed a huge Sintex tank to collect food waste.Since the school has a strength of almost 500 as well as a residential population, food waste was not hard to come by.Biogas is formed when bacteria digest food waste, but this bacteria is only found in the intestines of cows. For this, it was decided to use a mixture of water and cow dung to create suitable conditions for the bacteria to do its work.The 2000-litre tank ordered for the purpose had to be modified and fitted out with an outer chamber to provide an opening for the mixture to reach the tank.Once a few bucketfuls had been poured down this chute, the anaerobic process of the bacteria began and within weeks there was a substantial build-up of gas.The biogas produced as a result of this initiative is enough to boil vegetables and serve hot beverages to around 75 members of the school staff.Canadian International School is one of the first schools in the city to turn food waste into a usable by-product; gas that would fuel their own needs.In the period March to July 2012 alone, the school produced around 100 kg of biogas, purely out of waste.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913802", "title": "Indian racing star targets European Success", "text": "One of motorsport's fastest rising stars is aiming to make his European breakthrough in 2013 after joining Sports Solutions and Management, Sahil Shelar has emerged as a front runner in Asia and, as he works towards his goal of racing in Formula One , is ready for the next step in his career.By joining SSM, Sahil will have access to the full range of management services, including contract negotiation, sponsorship sourcing and PR, and SSM is fully committed to helping the young Indian secure the best possible drive in 2013. He will also benefit from SSM's close association with Spirit Motorsport.\"The next step on the ladder of motorsport is to race internationally, as the true test of any racing driver is to race in Europe, against the best driving talent in the world,\" said Sahil.\"I am ready to take that step and joining Sports Solutions and Management gives me the best chance of joining the right team, in the right championship, with the backing and support I need. I also believe being associated with Spirit Motorsport will be a big boost for my career.\"This deal will allow me to focus on my fitness, mental preparation and racing. It is very positive to know you have a team of professionals behind you, so I can put my full commitment into delivering more results.\"We are looking at options for next year, and I know SSM will guide me to the right decision. My aim for 2013 is to be racing, and winning.\"The 23-year-old is scheduled to carry out tests in November and is considering racing in the GP3 series next year. SSM has identified several options for Sahil, and is working closely with the driver to ensure he moves to the team and championship which will best help move his career forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16910108", "title": "God has continued to be on my side, said Yash Chopra", "text": "Few Hindi film directors, if any, personified versatility, quality and durability better than Yash Chopra, who died yesterday at Mumbai's Lilavati hospital. We bring you Subhash K Jha's conversations with Yash Chopra over the years where we get insights on his inspiring personality, his way of celebrating life and his zest for making movies and his eternal love for romantic movies.From Dhool Ka Phool in 1959 to Veer-Zaara in 2004, your cinema epitomizes romance in Hindi films.We've tried our best . People talk about the romantic aura in our films. Aura aise hi ban jata hai. It's a process on which I've no control. If people expect Veer-Zaara to be the ultimate romantic fable it could be because I'm directing a film after seven years. The curiosity for the film kept growing till the last minute because we couldn't decide a title .Again, that wasn't intentional. People's expectations make me tense and nervous. Will I be able to live up to them? After all these years I get as anxious and insecure about a release as I did when I made my first film. With every film my responsibility towards my audience and my banner increases. If for any avaricious reason I betray my audience, they'll never forgive me. And to compound my anxieties Veer-Zaara is being released along with Mughal-e-Azam one of the all-time great romantic films which I've watched so many times...Actually I had finalized another idea when my son Aditya suggested I make an earthy very Indian film. That's how Veer-Zaara was born. We finished the film within one year.When did your romance with romance begin? If you go back to my first film Dhool Ka Phool , you'll see a lot of love scenes in it. The film was about an illegitimate child. And children , as you well know, aren't born out of thin air. After I wrote my love scenes in Dhool Ka Phool I became hooked to them . I remember in Dhool Ka Phool there was a sequence where a man and woman on different bicycles fell on each other. The censors asked me to delete the scene. Today men and women are falling over each other for no reason. No one raises an eyebrow. When I think of a love scene I don't calculate how much should be exposed or which angle to capture the lead pair in. It should come from the heart. Otherwise it looks fake. People should connect with the romantic emotion. Not one member of any Indian family would be embarrassed by the love scenes in Veer-Zaara . I'm very happy with what I've done in not just Veer-Zaara,but most of my films.During the mid-1970s you made a series of action films like Trishul, Kala Patthar and Deewar.Shall I tell you one thing? Deewaar which is considered one of the most successful action films had only one fight sequence! It was the mother-son emotions that saw the film to its success. Yes Trishul and Kala Patthar were action films. Those subjects came to me and I liked them. Thereafter I had a series of romantic failures like Vijay, Parampara and Faasle. Then one day I was driving down to town from my home in suburbs of Mumbai. Every hoarding that I saw had men holding guns in their hands. I realized I was losing my way. I believed in romantic films, so why wasn't I making them? That's how I made Chandni. When I was asked about the film's highlights I said the songs are the highlights. When a distributor saw Vinod Khanna in a romantic role he left my film! When it was released people predicted it would flop in week. But its success reaffirmed my faith in my vision and my audience. That faith has stood by me all these years.What do you think of the way love and romance are portrayed today?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908543", "title": "'School on wheels' hits a roadblock", "text": "HYDERABAD: 'School on Wheels', a unique literacy initiative launched by the labour department exclusively for children of construction and other workers, has hit a hurdle. The mobile van has stopped making rounds of areas. Reason: Teachers, who were not paid salaries for over four months, stopped reporting to work.Labour department officials discovered that children of workers were staying at home after their parents left for work. As a result, children, over a period of time, were getting sucked into the system and becoming child workers. Moreover, most construction workers were unable to admit their children even in government schools due to financial problems. To educate the deprived children, aged between eight and 10 years, labour officials had launched the 'School on Wheels' programme last year amid much fanfare.The unique 'education through mobile van' is a first of its kind initiative in the state. The labour department initially launched the initiative at three slum areas, Golnaka, Bathukamma Kunta and Manikeswar Nagar in the city on pilot basis.The mobile van, which used to visit these areas every day and stay put for two hours, has a blackboard and audio visual kits like TV and animation CDs. On the request of the labour department, the education department even deputed two teachers from Rajiv Vidya Mission (RVM) on contract basis.There was good response to the concept. Initially, just 20 children attended the class and within a month, the number grew to 130. The teachers used to teach the Telugu alphabet and words with the visual aids and animation CDs. Labour officials also provided mid-day meal to the children.\"Though the teachers were appointed, they were not paid salaries for the past four months. We have represented to the higher-ups to solve the problem, but all our efforts proved futile. At present, we have suspended the mobile literacy programme as we do not have teachers,\" a senior labour department official told TOI.A team from Ethiopia had visited the van three months ago and appreciated the unique initiative. \"We were planning to take the programme to other districts too, but with no teachers it will be a difficult task,\" he added.Sadly, a good initiative had a premature end due to official apathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16911587", "title": "Indian documentary selected by Slovenian film festival", "text": "BANGALORE: A 24-minute short documentary \"Me, My Self, My Gender\" by Bangalore-based journalists K G Vasuki and Maya Jaideep has been selected by the 28th edition of 'The festival Lesbian and Gay Film Ljubljana' in Slovenia to be held from November 24 to December 2.The documentary made in Karnataka on 'Men having sex with men' (MSM) will be screened on November 26 at the Slovenian capital. This is the first Indian documentary on this subject to be represented at Slovenian international film festival.The documentary is based on research by the community on a joint project by \"Ashodaya Samithi\", Mysore and Manitoba University in Canada. Dealing with lives of MSM in Mysore, Belgaum and Bellary districts, it documents the conflict and celebrations, including their fight against stigma and discrimination in their lives.\"The documentary also deconstructs the western myths and concept of gays by bringing vivid aspects of their lives. The social relationships,religion and their acceptance,their love life, search for an identity, the struggle to be part of the mainstream, their struggle for survival facing oppression and coming out as unique individuals are the crux of the film\", Vasuki said.Maya Jaideep said the documentary looks at the life and its dynamics of MSM in Karnataka. \"Their sex and sexuality, the life around them, their struggles have been documented\", she added.As Karnataka has one of the highest incidences of HIV-AIDS in the country, the documentary also records the community's efforts to fight HIV-AIDS and their consequences, it was stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907415", "title": "Payyade are Kanga Cricket League champs", "text": "MUMBAI: Payyade Sports Club recorded a first innings win over Young Friends to clinch the 'A' Division Championship of Dr HD Kanga Cricket League, on Sunday, at the Cross Maidan.The result ensured that Payyade finished as the table-toppers with 15 points to log their maiden title in the 'A' Division. Payyade have been playing in the A Division since they clinched the 'B' Division championship in 2008.Payyade, who were set the rather tough task of scoring 174 in merely 17 overs in order to bag the first innings points, rustled up 200 for four. An all-round show by Musavir Khote (five for 45 and an unbeaten 62), and Paul Valthaty's 33 ball-62 were instrumental in their victory.Brief Scores:Division A:Apollo 197 ( Virendra Kambli 102, Amar Narakar 42; Ahamad Khan 5-42) lost to Mumbai Police 234-5 (Swapnil Kule 86, Rajesh Tandel 36, Sunil Patil 33; Rohan Bane 3-75).Young Friends 173 (Karan Nandey 82, Rahul Tondulkar 55; Usman Malvi 5-45) lost to Payyade Sports Club 200-4 (Paul Valthaty 65, Musavir Khote 62 n.o. Hiken Shah 32 n.o.).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909304", "title": "Garbage vans' contract extended by two months", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) standing committee approved the health department's proposal on Saturday to extend the contract for garbage vans by another two months. This is the second time that the contract is being extended.A Rs 11-crore proposal for ghantagadi contract was put up in front of the general body meeting on October 18. The committee had earlier extended the contract by two months and this extension ended on Sunday.\"The proposal has been put up for fresh tenders but the process will take some time. Till then we have asked for extension,\" said Dr S G Hiray, health official. At the meeting on Saturday, the health department said that hike in fuel prices and salary of the employees of garbage vans has resulted in the contractor asking for a hike in his rates. Chairman Uddhav Nimse asked the health department to do the needful based on the revised rates.The NMC has 125 garbage vans at present that collects 300-350 ton garbage everyday but the health department says that this is not sufficient to collect all the garbage of the city, particularly of hotels, restaurants and other such places. The health department had earlier proposed for 50 more garbage vans to cater to the needs of the city.Moreover, based on the complaints of the citizens regarding the irregularity of garbage vans, the health department had said that it was due to the size of the wards. \"The garbage vans cannot complete an entire ward in a day if the ward is big. So in bigger wards, the vans may be reaching on alternate days in every part. Citizens, too, do not have the patience to hold the garbage for a day, they dump it by the roadside,\" the health officials had said.Last month the general body had proposed prabhag-wise allocation of garbage vans as a solution to the above problem. Accordingly, the bigger wards will have more garbage vans.\"A special meeting will be held next month to discuss prabhag-wise garbage vans,\" informed Dr Hiray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914427", "title": "\u2018Happy married life\u2019 term was a myth for me: KSG", "text": "Actor Karan Singh Grover is loving every moment of his life with wife Jennifer Winget, who was also his co-star in popular show Dill Mill Gayye.And the pretty wife ensures that KSG (as he is fondly called) gets everything a newlywed deserves, including home-cooked healthy food while he is busy shooting.Says a beaming Karan, who is making his comeback on the tube with Zee TV's Qubool Hai , \"Jennifer is extremely beautiful, loving and has always been rock-solid support in my life. She couldn't cook earlier. But recently, she made kheema and got me food on the sets sometime back, too. Otherwise, she is very strict. Jennifer is somebody who can control me.\"Ask him about life post marriage and pat comes the reply, \"Life is awesome. Earlier, the term 'a happily married life' was a myth for me. How can one be both happy and married? It's been excellent. Aap bataiye, khil nahi raha hoon main ? Aur mota bhi ho gaya hoon . I am finally married to the lady I love.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "quepem", "code": "16908146", "title": "Uguem sarpanch disappears", "text": "QUEPEM: Uguem sarpanch Dashrat Gaonkar, 40, disappeared on Saturday evening while returning home from a nearby temple after a prayer service.His wife and uncle had accompanied him to the temple. \"He started running and disappeared in the forest area,\" a source said.South Goa SP Allen D'sa, along with a police force from Quepem, Sanguem and Canacona and the Indian Reserve Battalion are still searching for the sarpanch in the forest area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "16909227", "title": "Netas go musical with political songs in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "MANALI: Filmy songs seem to have lost their popularity in Himachal Pradesh as villages, towns, highways and streets are echoing only with political songs sung in various regional dialects. Local artists here are busy recording songs for netas, which has affected release of new regular pahadi songs.Spicy political songs in regional languages on the tunes of traditional trumpets, drums and clarinets is a new tactics of Himachali netas to woo voters by criticizing opposition and chanting their own achievements. Congress, BJP and independent candidates, all are riding the same musical boat to catch the fancy of voters. Popular artists are being contacted by netas to record jingles with unique music that can attract public attention.The anti-Congress song of BJP candidate and panchayati raj and rural development minister Jay Ram Thakur has become very popular in Siraj valley of Mandi. According to locals, copies of the song have reached hundreds of families. Forest minister Khimi Ram Sharma, who is contesting from Banjar constituency, has released his own music album. Congress candidates Bhuvaneshwar Gaur (Manali) and Sunder Thakur (Kullu) too have tried to condemn the functioning of the BJP government in a musical form. Transport minister and candidate from Dharampur constituency Mahender Singh has also recorded his personal songs, which are being played in every corner of his constituency. Rakesh Verma (Theog), Inder Singh Gandhi (Balh), Govind Thakur (Manali) and several other candidates are campaigning with their personal songs recorded in local dialects.Narender Thakur, a renowned Himachali folk singer, said he has been recording songs for netas for last 20 years but this time he is being contacted by candidates from all constituencies of the state. \"My own albums are pending. I'm not getting time to record my contracted songs due to political songs. I have already sung for nearly a dozen candidates,\" he added. Another artist, Sonu Vardhan, said, \"I've recorded for four contestants. They want attractive music with local flavour. The lyrics are provided by the candidates themselves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907825", "title": "UP State Information Commission slaps Rs 25k fine on info officer", "text": "LUCKNOW: Scant regard for UP State Information Commission's order in the government departments is evident from the case of UP State Agro Industrial Corporation Ltd.The UPSIC has slapped a fine of Rs 25,000 on the public information officer (PIO) of the corporation for not providing information to right to information applicant Akhand Bharat Samrat even after five hearings conducted by the commission in the matter.The applicant on September 28, 2010, had sought information about purchase of computers and appointment of doctors from the corporation. After failing to get the information, he filed an appeal with the commission. In the five hearings conducted by the commission in the case, the PIO never made an appearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16907602", "title": "'Kolkata has travelled to Lucknow'", "text": "LUCKNOW: A visit to the area near Hewett Road gives the feeling of having entered Kolkata. In fact, after Shashthi (the sixth day of Navratra when Durga Puja begins), the whole area turns into a mini-Bengal with the old and young wearing traditional attires and greeting each other with smiling faces in chaste Bangla. The vast population of Bengalis in the area has given rise to around six major Durga Puja pandals being organised in the area in a stretch of one kilometre.The puja organised by Bengali Club and Youngmen's Association is the oldest as Atul Krishna Sinha, a member of the club was the first person to start the Durga Puja celebration in the city. While puja at Mitro Sangho Committee at Model House Park was started in 1975, Jogendra Pathak Road Puja Sangsad entered into its 71{+s}{+t} year this time. Similarly, Boys Anglo Bengali Inter-College and Vidyant Hindu Degree College and Boys Anglo Bengali Inter-College have been conducting the puja since long. Even Shashi Bhushan College has been organising the puja for past many years.The locality wears a festive look due to the puja celebration at every corner of the area. The devotees go pandal-hopping late in the evening to get a feel of Kolkata. The pandals attract a large number of devotees because the rituals of puja are performed according to Bengali culture and tradition. People get a chance to gorge on Bengali delicacies in the 'anand mela' in which ladies bring home-made food to the pandals. Similarly, they get hooked to the delicious bhog served in the pandals. Even the organisers invite people from West Bengal to play dhaak, dhol, basuri, kashi, dogar and kasha in the pandals. Dance and drama troupes from West Bengal also perform at pandals adding colour and vibrancy to the atmosphere.Mayalaxmi Sinha, along with her children, visits all the pandals in the locality. \"The environment here makes me feel I am in Bengal. Those who cannot visit Kolkata during Durga Puja should not be disappointed as it seems that Kolkata has travelled all the way to Lucknow,\" she said. Seconding her opininon, Vandana Das, a housewife said, \"Our family gets dressed in traditional outfits and visits all the pandals to catch a glimpse of Goddess Durga. We walk leisurely along the streets all night and get a chance to meet and interact with our friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909419", "title": "Film producer held for cheating Lankan after promising job abroad", "text": "CHENNAI:A Tamil film producer was arrested in Virugambakkam on Sunday for allegedly duping a Sri Lankan refugee by promising him to get visa for migrating to Australia for a job.Tamil Nadu 'Q' branch police arrested Choodamani , 31, after a complaint was filed by Vasantha Kumar, an inmate of a Sri Lankan refugee camp in Ramanathapuram . In his complaint, Kumar alleged that Choodamani had taken money promising to help him migrate to Australia. Kumar recently came to know that Choodamani had helped many people to migrate to Australia after forging documents and alerted police.A case has been registered against the accused under Sections 420 (cheating) and 506(ii) (criminal intimidation ) of the IPC, police said. Sources said that the 'Q' branch, along with the Chennai city police, located the accused and nabbed him. Eight fake passports and a computer were seized from him, police said. \"A probe has been initiated to find if Choodamani was part of a bigger racket,\" a senior police officer said. Preliminary investigation revealed that Choodamani, a resident of Saligraman in Venkatesa Nagar, took 1 lakh each from many people, promising them jobs abroad.During interrogations, Choodamani told police that he was a film producer. But due to financial crisis, he borrowed money from private financiers. He took to cheating people following pressure to repay the loans. Police are looking for accomplices of Choodamani who helped him in cheating people. Police are also looking into the pending cases against Choodamani. He has produced a Tamil movie named 'Agoram' . His brother is also involved in cheating people, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16911066", "title": "Google may soon meet its 'end': Analysts", "text": "LONDON: After Google shares dropped nearly 10 percent over the course of two days, wiping out more than 24 billion dollars from the company's value, analysts have started predicting whether the world's leading internet search engine could be nearing an end soon.\"[Google] could disappear in five to eight years and disappear in the sense that Yahoo used to be the king of search. Now, for all intents and purposes, Yahoo has disappeared,\" the Daily Mail quoted Eric Jackson, the founder and managing member of Ironfire Capital, a technology-focussed hedge fund, as saying.According to the paper, the profit losses were driven by a decline in advertising revenue, according to its earnings report. The amount that advertisers paid Google on a click-per-click basis fell 15 percent.Advertising revenues are falling, which would continue to fall for internet companies because consumers are increasingly migrating to mobile applications and advertisers aren't willing to pay as much for a mobile ad, the paper said.\"I keep saying Facebook isn't the only one that has a mobile issue-Google does, too. If you are an investor in Facebook, mobile is priced into earnings. I don't think mobile in Google is priced in,\" Colin Gillis, an analyst for Boston Consulting Group said.The main reason for Google's fall in profits is its $12.5 billion purchase of Motorola, the struggling cellphone manufacturer, the division that lost more than 500 million dollars over the quarter, prompting aggressive cost-cutting measures, the paper said.However, the web giant is also suffering in its core business, search-related advertising, as the income received for every ad clicked on fell by 15 per cent in just three months, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16908728", "title": "Astro-palmist arrested for duping woman of 53,000", "text": "PUNE: The Khadak police on Sunday arrested an astro-palmist, identified as Sumant Mrigank Mukherjee (53) of Guru Nanaknagar, for allegedly duping a 29-year-old woman of Rs 53,000 by promising to giveher 'rudrakshas' that would solve her problems. Mukherjee was arrested under sections of 406, (punishment for criminal breach of trust), 420, (cheating and dishonestly inducing delivery of property) 506, (punishment for criminal intimidation) of the IPC and relevant sections of the Drugs and Magic Remedies Act, 1954.Sub-inspector B D Hoval of the Khadak police station told TOI that the complainant was going through bouts of depression after breaking up with her boyfriend. She had come to believe that someone had performed 'black magic' on her. \"To get rid of it she contacted Mukherjee in May through a newspaper ad,\" Hoval said.Mukherjee invited the complainant to his house. He told her that she was suffering because of some planetary positions. He said her problems would be solved if she wears a chain of eight 'rudrakshas'. He said these special 'rudrakshas' were available in Nepal and took Rs 53,000 from the complainant to source the beads. However, the complainant never received the items. \"Every time she asked about the 'rudrakshas', Mukherjee would tell her that he was yet to receive it from the courier company,\" Hoval said.After a few days, Mukherjee told the complainant that he had received the 'rudrakshas', but sent them back as they were faulty. He told her to wait for a few months for the Rudrakshas. \"The complainant became suspicious and sought a refund from Mukherjee on October 12,\" Hoval said. Mukherjee refused to return the money and also threatened to get the complainant arrested by the police. \"Mukherjee's wife manhandled the complainant,\" Hoval added.Mukherjee and his wife were produced in the court on Sunday and remanded in police custody till October 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16914663", "title": "'Pheeding phrenzy' hooks celebs, fans shell out money", "text": "LONDON: A new social network similar to Twitter and Tumblr, called Pheed has attracted lots of celebrity support in its first week launch.Pheed is hoping to take on Twitter and other social networks.Celebrities such as Miley Cyrus, Chris Brown and Slash are using the new service, which allows members to charge for access to their \"channels,\" either on a subscription basis or a pay-per-view basis, the Telegraph reported.Launching her Pheed channel, which already has almost 2,000 subscribers, Paris Hilton wrote: \"Hey guys! Im about 2 go on a pheeding phrenzy.\"Miley Cyrus, with 20,000 subscribers, posted: \"My fans have officially taken over Pheed!\"Pheed lets members post text updates, as well as photos, video and audio clips. Channels can even host live broadcast events.\"That whole model where people pay x amount for a video or song is a bit outdated. What social media is today is about selling bits and pieces of peoples' lives. It's not necessarily selling that one song, it's selling access to me,\" OD Kobo, the company's co-founder, said.The channel owner keeps half the fees their feed generates, with the other half going to cover bandwidth and other overheads, as well as Pheed's profits.Pheed's mobile app will go live next week and Kobo expects the site's traffic to grow significantly from the current level of 350,000 unique visitors.The celebrity line-up should draw in some users but it remains to be seen whether they will pay for those who choose to run a subscription channel, having followed celebrities free on Twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16911800", "title": "Laser lights \u2018off\u2019 for a month", "text": "BHOPAL: Those who visited Neelam Park in the past one month or so had to go back home disappointed without enjoying the laser show. The Bhopal Municipal Corporation-run laser show is closed on account of technical glitch. The visitors are being charged only for watching the musical fountain.\"We have already started repair work of the lights, which are malfunctioning and expecting it to be done in a few days' time,\" said Udit Garg, engineer, BMC, lake conservation department.Even otherwise, the only laser show auditorium of the state capital seems to have lost its sheen.Around 12,000 tickets were sold in June resulting in collection of Rs 5 lakh. In July, the ticket sales dropped to 4,000 tickets and the auditorium gave business of Rs 1.5 lakh. In August and September, the sale of tickets sale were dropped to 3,000 and 2,000 tickets respectively and the sale dropped down to Rs 80,000 in September. Entry fee per person is Rs 40. Entry for children up to 5 years of age is free of cost.Disappointed about the bland show and no proper light arrangements in and around the auditorium, residents are finding it unsafe to take their families here fearing thefts.\"There are no proper light arrangements here. Even the parking space here is dark. We find it really unsafe to take our kids and families here,\" said Suraj Mehta, a resident of old Bhopal.\"The show here is monotonous. There is no novelty in the laser show depicting the history of the city of lakes,\" said Yogita Singh, resident of Trilanga.Mohit Verma and Anshul Dubey, students opined, \"Rather than continuing with the same show each day, the BMC can work on many themes and come up with altogether new presentation and repeat it once in two weeks. This will maintain the interest of visitors.\"The show is divided into three parts. The first 15 minutes are dedicated to musical fountain, which is followed by 5-minute video projection and 5-minute laser show on the history of Bhopal. The park is also equipped with parking facilities for 60 four-wheelers and 100 two-wheelers for the convenience of visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907639", "title": "Dodsal FC taking it one step at a time", "text": "MUMBAI: It may have been just a local title but Dodsal FC gave more than just a fine sign of things to come when they hammered Mumbai Customs 5-0 in the final to lift the Nadkarni Cup last week.Making the win special was the fact that they were watched by company COO Arvind Kumar and club chairman, Mohammed Omar were watching from the sidelines.Omar, a former skipper of the UAE national team has been handed the task of fixing a squad together as Dodsal target a place in the I-League next season and while there's a wave of expectation give the club's massive financial backing, he's happy to build things slowly.\"There's a long way to go. We finished runners-up in the Durand Cup and have won the Nadkarni Cup. Our big target of course is the I-League but we're taking this step by step,\" he said.Owned by the Dodsal Group of companies based in Dubai, the club has been in the news for being with the signatures of high-profile players - the latest being former Manchester United defender Mikael Silvestre but while Omar admits speaking with the French star, he says no deal has been confirmed.Omar also laughs off comparisons with Manchester City who are bankrolled by the sheikh.\"We want to be Dodsal, not Manchester City. And if even if you do compare us with another club, it would be some small club somewhere, not City,\" he says.Kumar said that the club is in the investment stage but does have rough plans that include football infrastructure for the city.\"At this moment all we are concentrating on is excelling in what we have set out to do with Dodsal FC. There are plans chalked out but they are all tentative,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "16907647", "title": "Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation lacks anti-snake venom stock", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A 32-year-old Kharghar resident, Pradeep Kumar, recently survived after being bitten by a venomous snake at his home in Sector 12. This incident has exposed the fact that there is hardly any stock of anti-snake venom (ASV) at the civic hospital in Vashi.\"I have survived this snake attack only because I knew animal activist Shailesh Khotkar in Kharghar. He had provided me three vials of ASV from his private collection,'' recalled Kumar, who was bitten on his index finger by a krait on October 13.Khotkar said, \"At the NMMC hospital the staff told us to go to to KEM hospital in Mumbai for this snakebite. It would have taken more than an hour to reach Mumbai, but then Pradeep's condition could have worsened.''Khotkar said he urged the Vashi hospital staff to use his three vials of ASV along with two more provided by the hospital to treat Pradeep.\"We did not want to lose any time and so all the ASV was given to him. After this, I rushed him to KEM hospital by train,'' said Khotkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16908075", "title": "Punjabi kidnapper, girl found at Baga", "text": "PANAJI: A Punjabi youth, who allegedly kidnapped a 15-year-old girl from her Faridkot residence in Punjab on September 24, using force, was apprehended along with the girl at Baga, Calangute, on Sunday afternoon.North Goa SP Vijay Singh told TOI that a team of Punjab police, which has been camping in Goa for the last few days, traced 21-year-old Nishan Singh and the girl to Baga beach around 4.30pm. The Punjab police were assisted by Goa police personnel from Vasco and Panaji.Earlier, police teams fanned out at other places after they traced the mobile calls of the accused to Vasco, Panaji and Dona Paula.The girl, a Class X student, had been abducted from the Dogar Basti area. According to police information, the accused is a resident of Harendra Nagar, and his friends, armed with guns and iron rods, had barged into the victim's house on September 24 afternoon and had assaulted her parents, before taking her away.Police sources said that on March 25 Nishan Singh had kidnapped the same girl from her home. Police had registered a case and the victim came back home on July 27 and after medical examination, police had slapped rape charges on Singh on August 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "brasilia", "code": "16911202", "title": "Google News loses content from Brazilian newspapers", "text": "BRASILIA: Newspapers accounting for 90 percent of the circulation in Brazil have abandoned Google News.Brazil's National Association of Newspapers said that all 154 members has followed its recommendation to ban the search engine aggregator from using their content.The papers said that Google News refused to pay for content and was driving traffic away from their websites.\"Staying with Google News was not helping us grow our digital audiences, on the contrary,\" the association's president, Carlos Fernando Lindenberg Neto, said.\"By providing the first few lines of our stories to internet users, the service reduces the chances that they will look at the entire story in our websites,\" he said.According to the BBC, Google has previously said that the service boosted traffic to news websites.The National Association of Newspapers, known by its acronym in Portuguese, the ANJ, and Google, carried out an experiment that began in December 2010, the report said.It allowed Google News to carry the top line of news stories, to raise curiosity and get readers to click on the full story on the newspapers' sites.Google said that newspapers and news aggregators should reach a solution to benefit both sides, but the ANJ said the experiment has failed.Among the 154 titles that have pulled out from Google News are some of the country's most important news sites, such as O Globo and O Estado de Sao Paulo, the report said.According to the report, internet users using Google, but not Google News, will still be able to find content from most newspapers sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907236", "title": "All roads lead to Puja pandals on Sunday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hordes of families thronged Durga Puja pandals in the city on Maha Saptami. It being a Sunday helped and many came early in the morning. Women, kids, and even men dressed in bright colours came to offer prayers (pushpanjali) and stayed for bhog.Despite it being a warm afternoon, most visitors stayed for competitions and games like charades at some pandals.Swami Vivekananda, whose 150th birth anniversary is being celebrated this year, had several pandals dedicated to him \u2014 blocks B and E in Chittaranjan Park and Dakshin Gurgaon Puja Committee in Sector 49-50. In fact, B block's pandal exterior is based on Vivekananda Rock Memorial in Kanyakumari, while the interior recreates the Sri Ramakrishna temple at Belur Math, near Kolkata. Even the Gurgaon pandal is inspired by Belur Math.Rural Bengali tradition also inspired several pandals, like the ones at Cooperative Ground and D block at Chittaranjan Park. The former brought artists from Bakura to paint on bamboo and bamboo trays, and the latter used decorations from the interiors of Bengal and Tripura. \"We have used ice cream spoons, wicker work, and ecofriendly paints, and not used plastic,\" said Sujoy Ghosh, an organizer of the D block puja.\"We wanted to give youngsters exposure to a rural atmosphere, so we recreated the Purulia region of Bengal,\" said Sanjay Banerjee, secretary, Bangiya Parishad, which organizes the Gurgaon Sector 56 puja. They've created a two storey hut with a thatched roof, and used jute bags extensively. The boundary wall is made of jute, painted with stone dust, and patterns made using a broom, as it's done in rural Bengal. \"We have chosen small idols to match the village look, and decorated with clay diyas, and lampshades made of tokris,\" said Atin Kumar Chatterjee, an organizer of the Sector 56 puja. They've gone as far as stacking hay, creating fodder tubs, and a tulsi aangan. The mandap is open on all sides too.India's best ever medal haul at the London 2012 Olympics inspired the Matri Mandir pandal in Safdarjung Enclave. There were cutouts of various Olympic sports like weightlifting and swimming, and of the five Olympic rings. There were also sculptures of the rings and the London Bridge.The pandal at Charmwood Village, Surajkund was a visual delight with 3D images interspersed with traditionally made idols.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909193", "title": "'Speed up process to acquire land'", "text": "NASHIK: Following instructions by city mayor Yatin Wagh, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to speed up the acquisition of the plots reserved in the civic body's development plan (DP).The decision over the issue was taken at the civic administration's recently held general body meeting.Wagh directed the NMC administration to expedite the acquisition process of the lands reserved in the development plan (DP) of the city.The first DP had been approved as far back as 1993. Most of the lands reserved in the DP for various civic amenities have not yet been reserved by the NMC administration even after 19 years. According to rules, the land owners have the right to deserve the lands if they are not acquired by the administration within 10 years. Accordingly, around 23 land-owners have moved the high court and filed petitions to deserve the land.Stating that the plots reserved in the DP were essential for public amenities in the city, the mayor directed the NMC administration to take immediate efforts for the acquisition of the said plots that wer reserved. \"The financial condition of NMC is not very good and croresa of rupees are required for the acquisition of the lands. Considering this fact, the reserved plots will be acquired against the TDR and a special TDR cell will also be set up at the NMC to speed up the procedure.\"Mayor said that around 23 cases for dereservations of the plots are pending with the high court and strong argument is necessary on behalf of the NMC in the cases for which a new panel of senior lawyers will be formed.\"With an aim to facilitate the land acquisition process, the proposal for setting up a special Land Acquisition Cell has already been sent to the state for approval,\" said Wagh. The mayor has instructed the administration to follow up on the issue with the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908437", "title": "Travel agent held in fake documents case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths on Sunday arrested a travel agent from his house in Mettuguda for fabricating fake visa documents.T Subbi Reddy, 55, had been running a travel agency from his residence at Alugaddabavi in Mettuguda. Acting on a specific alert, a Task Force team raided his residence and arrested him for possession of several fake documents.During interrogation, Subbi Reddy confessed that he had been making fake visas and other visa-related documents since the past one year. A year ago, Subbi Reddy got to know that there was a huge demand among working class for visit/tourist visas to Dubai and Oman. Accordingly, with the help of his nephew, T Nagi Reddy, he hatched a plan to produce fake visas for Dubai and Oman enabling the customers to purchase air tickets to those destinations.As per the plan, Subbi Reddy used to collect passports of customers, mostly semi-literate women, and Nagi Reddy used to prepare fake visas and other supporting documents using commonly used softwares on his laptop.\"In this way, they used to prepare about 40 fake documents every month for their customers by charging Rs 20,000,\" Task Force additional DCP P Rameshaiah said. The arrested person along with seized material was handed over to the Chilakalguda police for further investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "16914280", "title": "How apps to cheat on spouse may backfire", "text": "MELBOURNE: New smartphone applications that have been designed to help cheaters cover their tracks can also be turned back on the user, thereby prompting calls for stronger privacy laws and a warning by the federal Attorney-General's office on the use of \"spyware\".Some of the new \"cheater's\" apps conceal incriminating calls and texts while others allow them to be kept off the bill and one programme even causes messages to self-destruct after they are read.The latest among these applications is CATE, which stands for Call and Text Eraser. Launched last month by American student Neal Desai, it hides calls and SMSs from selected contacts until a secret code is entered. Should a partner walk in while an illicit message is being typed, a quick shake will erase it.But beware, like many of these apps, CATE can also be used in reverse, the Age reported.For instance, Partner A can secretly download CATE on to Partner B's phone creating an invisible record of calls and texts even after Partner B has deleted them.Other apps available to those trying to keep tabs on their partners include one that allows you to secretly 'dial in' and listen to someone's phone and another that says you can 'see their movements and get directions to their location'.A Victoria police spokeswoman was not able to say how many instances there had been of smartphones being used to \"stalk\" a partner because the police database was not set up to track that specific information.A spokeswoman for federal attorney-general Nicola Roxon said that the Telecommunications (Interception and Access) Act 1979 \"may apply\" to spyware on smartphones, with penalties of up to two years' imprisonment for unlawful interception.According to her, the proliferation of smartphones had prompted the Parliamentary Joint Committee on Intelligence and Security to review privacy laws, and that the government would consider \"the creation of a new right to sue where serious invasions of privacy occur.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "curchorem", "code": "16907933", "title": "Trade goes off market in mining-less Curchorem", "text": "CURCHOREM: In South Goa's mining belt, the sudden halt in mining activities has led to an uneasy calm. The rumbling roar of ore-laden trucks may have gone silent, but the eerie calm that envelopes the streets is deafening. With uncertainty looming large over the resumption of mining operations, the question of livelihood has come to haunt the thousands whose lives largely center around mining activities.A sense of restlessness and panic is too overbearing to ignore as one traverses the mining belt of Curchorem, Sanvordem, Quepem and Sanguem. Truck owners are worried about repaying their bank installments, traders are concerned about dipping sales, mining workers are afraid of being laid off at any moment, and the families of mining-dependent are alarmed over prospects of long-time closure of mines.In Curchorem, the nerve centre of mining activities and the main market in the district's mining belt, the economy has come to a standstill. Almost, say financial analysts.\"As it was largely a mining-driven economy, the blanket ban on mining has led to a situation where the flow of money into the economy has been curtailed. This is already having a cascading effect on all types of trading activities,\" says Curchorem-based chartered accountant Pradeep Kakodkar.People directly or indirectly dependant on mining, including those in the trade and service sector-truck owners, earthmoving machinery owners, mechanics, workshop operators, welders, shops dealing in spare parts and truck tyres, petrol pump dealers et al-have been severely affected. The situation will aggravate if the mines stay closed for a long time, social engineers from the mining belt concur.The gravity of the situation hits you hard when you notice the stark difference between the mood of the market in Curchorem before and after the closure of mines. Just five months ago traders were registering booming profits. Today it's a gloomy scenario all over.\"Truckers have not been paid by miners and this has shattered the trader confidence and economy in eastern Goa. Migrant drivers and labourers have also not returned after the rains and this has affected the merchandize off-take from traders. Truckers and spare-part traders have no cash inflows. Restaurants are half empty. Curchorem market looks deserted,\" says Rajendra Kakodkar, a business consultant from Curchorem.Pradeep echoes the views of a large section of people here when he says that the common man has been made to suffer for the inefficiencies of the state and central governments. \"The blanket ban itself suggests that the government has no data to verify the illegalities in mining operations. The various agencies-forest department, mines department, pollution control board-have utterly failed in discharging their duties. And now, a blame game is being played out at the cost of the common man,\" he adds.As small-time truck drivers (owning 1-2 trucks) constitute the largest section of people who will be severely affected by the mines closure, call for rehabilitation of these truckers is gaining ground. But financial analysts concur with the view that this responsibility lies largely with the miners.\"Based on the Bellary experience, miners were fully aware of the impending closure by the judiciary. But they never gave any hint to the dependants, rather they instigated them to hijack justice Shah's hearing and to demand regularization of illegalities,\" says Rajendra. \"The responsibility of rehabilitating the truckers therefore devolves solely on the miners. The government should take stern steps to make miners cough up the monies for rehabilitation,\" he stresses.Agrees Sanjay Dessai, associate professor, Shree Damodar College of Commerce &amp; Economics, Margao, \"Mining is one of the most profitable businesses, which gives a profit margin of over 40% (as reflected in the annual report of a mining major for financial year 2011-12). These mine owners have also already accumulated sufficient wealth and some have already invested this by mining in other countries. They should willingly accept the responsibility of taking care of the affected people until mining activities in Goa resume,\" Dessai says.Market analysts feel the present crisis is a wake-up call for all stakeholders to learn lessons. \"The Shah commission report has sounded the alert that mining is not a sustainable business model,\" says Pradeep, \"It is therefore high time every stakeholder thinks of diversifying the local economy to make it less dependent on mining, so that when mining eventually shuts down there are enough other avenues to sustain the community.\"He adds, \"The second lesson is for the government. It failed to bring industries in the mining belt and turned it into an industrially-backward area. A distorted growth is an invitation for disaster. And the third lesson is for the people, save for a rainy day!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914074", "title": "Shiju Kataria to feature in Zee TV's Fear Files!", "text": "Shiju Kataria claimed fame through Hats Off's Behenein on Star Plus, where she essayed a prominent role. Though not on the major GEC's, the actress was very much active with Doordarshan's 'Kanafusi' and now after a long hiatus, she is back with Fear Files.This Sunday Contiloe's Fear Files on Zee TV, which deals with few true supernatural stories, will feature Shiju Kataria in the lead character.However, the shoot for the same has already started.A source informs, The plot is about three sisters among which two of them meet death at the very early age whereas the third have to face the problem. This third sister will be essayed by Shiju Kataria. Shiju for the first time will portray a character of 16 year old girl.Shiju on the same shares, \"For the first time, I am essaying 16 years old girl who is troubled by souls of her own sisters. There are lots of stunts which I am doing since few days and I am enjoying it.\"This particular episode will go on air by coming Weekend (27th and 28th October,2012).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16907312", "title": "Reclaiming Bangalore for pedestrians, kids", "text": "BANGALORE: A city is judged by what it holds out for the most invisible among its stakeholders: pedestrians and children. Bangalore's record in making these two stakeholders feel at home is anything but enviable. Absence of spaces meant for them - pavements and parks - is common in several localities across the city.Things are certain to change, if one goes by efforts at grassroots level to set right the incongruities in the scheme of things. Making Bangalore more liveable is the goal that drives members of the Evangelical Social Action Forum (ESAF) to put in long hours of field work.Present in the city since 2009, ESAF is working on two projects - public space mapping (creating an inventory) of parks and playgrounds in Hagadur ward of Mahadevpura and negotiating with merchant associations and BBMP for introduction of a pedestrian-friendly infrastructure on Commercial Street.\"Though BBMP says there are four parks in Hagadur, in reality there's only one. We are trying to identify the missing ones. One that we have located is an empty space without any infrastructure in place. Once we identify all the missing parks, we will bring it to the notice of the authorities and ensure that those parks are developed,\" said Manju George, programme officer - the Livable Cities Project, ESAF, Bangalore. The team has filed an RTI to corporation as well as horticulture department to get the information.In the Commercial Street project, challenges are many: the primary being traders' opposition to develop the stretch as a pedestrian-only street as they fear losing business. But with most customers parking their vehicles on this street itself, 45% traders already feel their business is affected.\"We talk to various stakeholders at different levels and convince them about the projectbeing to their advantage. Unless citizens realize it andtake an active role in playing out their responsibility, our talks with authorities will not bear fruit,\" said Manju.At present, the team is researching on both their projects by visiting the sites and creating an awareness in the neighbourhood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907684", "title": "Two kitchens can get you two LPG connections", "text": "MUMBAI: Family matters. If you are married and stay with your parents or siblings, you can double the quota of subsidized cooking gas cylinders to 12 from the government notified cap of 6 in a year. All you have to do is show a separate cooking platform or kitchen to avail of a second liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) connection.This should come as a big respite for those struggling to balance their household budgets after a steep increase in prices thanks to the capping of subsidized cylinders.The government has now made it illegal for a household to have multiple connections under its policy of 'one household, one LPG connection'. However, executives say oil marketing firms can make an exception if a consumer can show food being cooked in two kitchens under the same roof. The connection would, however, have to be in different names.\"In such cases, the consumer may have multiple connections from the same oil firm or a different oil firm. But the oil firm will have to be satisfied and the distributor of the oil firm will physically verify that two separate kitchens are maintained in the same household for cooking purposes,\" said a senior official of an oil marketing company, adding that such multiple connections may be allowed on a case-to-case basis.Many Indians stay in a joint family with six or eight members and consume more than one LPG cylinder a month. Some also have separate kitchens. They could ideally seek this benefit. But consumers are still confused as to what makes them eligible for two connections. Anand Lele, who stays in his ancestral property in Mahim with his wife, sons, daughters-in-law and grandchildren and has two separate LPG connections from BPCL in his and his wife's name, says, \"One household is one group of the family with a kitchen platform, stove and LPG connection and the second household is a sub-group of the family with a separate kitchen platform, a stove and an LPG connection. Staying in one ancestral house cannot be termed as one household; both family groups are separate households and can legally have two separate connections despite sharing the same building address.\"An executive director of another oil marketing firm tried to clarify the issue. \"In case of many joint families, the food is cooked in a single kitchen. However, in case of joint families having separate kitchens, we will look at allowing them to have separate connections after fulfilling KYC norms. However, the same has to be physically verified by our distributors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16912055", "title": "'NLP modern way to treat mental illness'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With number of patients affected with mental disorders rising at an alarming rate, focus is on giving equal attention to mental health along with physical well-being for all-round excellence. The secret lies in communicating specifically with the brain verbally as well as physically through the latest psychological technique known as neuro-linguistic programming (NLP), claims a practitioner Ashok Gupta , who has been using the technique for the past several years.Sharing details with TOI, Gupta said NLP was developed by United States army veterans Richard Bandler and John Grinder and offers easy and practical approach towards curing mental disorders. The two founded the system after studying successfully methodologies of world's top therapist, anthropologist and executives. The subject implies that by changing our linguistic pattern while communicating with our brain we can re-programme the neurological processes to improve behavioral and congnitive capabilities favourably.He said NLP stood for the usefulness rather than truthfulness of the subjective thought. The content is not important, what affects us mostly is how we organise thought in the mind. For eliminating fear, phobia, depression and negative thought, you need not access those painful experiences repeatedly, against what traditional psychologists habitually do. Instead, we have to change the internal representation and your brain will automatically take care of the rest.Citing an example, Gupta said two persons Ramesh and Satish undergo a traumatic experience. Post incident, Ramesh becomes phobic, but on the contrary Satish transforms into a self-asserted personality. Likewise, many pilots leave flying after facing horrific plane accidents but others like them choose to fly again with more confidence. This raises a pertinent query-why different influences on different people when our brain is biologically the same? The answer lies in our method of perceiving and shaping the incidents. Emotionally balanced and happy persons turn unpleasant experiences into distant, unclear and black and white images while making good ones big and coloured. On the flip side, those who are unhappy and depressed do just the opposite.Gupta said he learned NLP-Dianetics (both modern psychologies) and Communication and NLP Creative Writing while working as a quality control supervisor in a commercial aircraft spare parts manufacturing multinational firm in USA.He added that with various operative systems, NLP addresses psychosomatic illnesses, addiction and learning disorders. Internationally government and non-government academic, therapeutic and sports facilities are widely using this new science of personal change. Olympic gold medal winner Mike O'Brien got training implying it and NLP has untapped potential for treating potential problems and has become all purpose self-training programme and technology, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909479", "title": "Career Information &amp; Guidance", "text": "Nutritional valueI am a class XII student. I want to be a dietician. Is it possible for me to do a correspondence course in nutrition and dietetics? Could you please tell me about the career prospects in this field?Amina KhanVery few universities (e.g. Delhi University and University of Mumbai) offer a programme in nutrition and dietetics at the Bachelors level (that too only for local female students).However, nutrition forms part of the Bachelors in home science course that is offered in almost all universities including several agricultural universities. Dietetics is also offered as a postgraduate specialisation both at the degree and diploma level.Ignou offers a diploma in nutrition and health education after +2 and a diploma in nutrition for the community (non-credit course) after +2.Job prospects are good, but if you are expecting a very highly paid job right at the outset, you may be disappointed.Use your initial years of work to acquire indepth knowledge, practical experience and to establish your credibility. This will help you kick-start a lucrative consulting practice in the long-term .Visit the website of the Indian Dietetic Association : www.idaindia.com to find out how to become a registered dietician.The fast developing food processing industry spurred by the entry of multinationals, offers wellpaying job opportunities.Dieticians continuously research and experiment at improving the nutritive value, flavour and general acceptability of the food while keeping the calorie and fat content to a minimum.Food processing units, food research labs, wholesalers of edibles, hospitals, large industrial and educational canteens, besides hotels, health clubs and fitness centres employ people specialising in food technology, nutrition and food services management.Sports nutrition is another popular and emerging field of specialisation.Moreover, should you wish to strike out on your own you could start your own consulting practice, or catering service, supplying balanced and nutritious low-calorie meals that can be eaten at the desk, for instance.Teaching is yet another option. With a BEd under your belt, you could teach nutrition and dietetics at schools that offer home science as a subject. However, to teach in a college or at the high school level, you require a Masters in home science.Writing for the various health and nutrition magazines and websites as also online counselling on diet and nutrition could be other related options.Equal focusThe new pattern of JEE, which gives equal emphasis to Board marks will make it very difficult for most IIT aspirants. I have heard that it is very difficult to balance the two and that many students who get into IITs end up getting very average scores in class XII. What should I focus on - JEE preparation or the Boards?Harish SethiThis is just a myth that has been perpetuated over the years.Ironically, the data, just received from four IITs, shows that nearly 80% of the students who made it to the IITs in the last three years also scored 80% or more in their 'qualifying exam' (class XII or equivalent).This means that students who make it to the IITs or any of the other top technical colleges are those who also perform well in their qualifying exams, after all, the JEE (old/new) builds on the fundamentals that you study in your senior years in school. So it does not make sense to ignore the very foundation, does it? And this is precisely what the new JEE proposes to ensure.Besides, the marks you score in class XII will go in every bio-data that you submit during your professional life.Toppers will always be toppers. Just take the recent example of the AIIMS topper from, Savinay Kapur, who also topped almost all the exams he took including the CBSE PMT in 2007. Not only that, he even cracked the IIT JEE.Winning is a habit. And like any other habit, can be developed. Give it a serious shot.Sign languageI am working as a social worker in a small school for the hearing impaired. Could you please suggest a place from where I could formally learn how to interpret sign language?Ankita BarnwalCurrently, the country requires as many as four lakh sign language experts.The Ali Yavar Jung National Institute for the Hearing Handicapped (www.ayjnihh.org), Mumbai and Sri Ramakrishna Mission Vidyalaya, Coimbatore offer courses for sign language interpreters at three levels (of three-months each). On the completion of each level, you will be awarded a certificate.Completing all three levels will make you eligible for a diploma in the subject that is recognised by the Rehabilitation Council of India (a statutory body under the M/o Social Justice &amp; Empowerment). To enrol for the courses, contact the institutions directly.In a first of its kind attempt, Ignou's Indian Sign Language Research &amp; Training Centre is launching undergraduate as well as postgraduate programmes along with BEd from January 2013. These courses are also open to the hearing impaired . RCI also offers a brief orientation course (two-week ) for existing users and interpreters of sign language after which they can take the relevant A/B/C level exams to pursue higher level courses.Contact RCI, 23-A Shivaji Marg, New Delhi 15. For more information, log on to www.rehabcouncil.orgPervin Malhotra Director, CARING Career Information &amp; Guidance, New Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16907966", "title": "UK MPs concerned about Goa mining", "text": "LONDON: Two British MPs of Indian descent have lent their support to concerns about the devastation being wrought by indiscriminate mining in Goa, as well as support for state government action to contain this. One of the lawmakers is of Goan origin-Valerie Vaz. The other is Virendra Sharma. Both belong to the opposition Labour party.Fellow Labour MP, John McDonnell , had recently tabled what is known as an early day motion (EDM). This is a private move by a member of the House of Commons, as opposed to official government or opposition business.The EDM states: This House congratulates Indian judge, Justice M B Shah, for his inquiry exposing the illegal mining in Goa which he estimates has cost the Goan community 3.75 billion over the last five years, plundering the natural resources and environment of Goa in an unregulated and often illegal trade of iron ore to China and other countries at the expense of the environment, health and livelihood of Goan farmers.It further \"welcomes the decisive action of the Indian and Goan authorities in closing the mines, allowing only those mines with proper documentation to resume operations in due course\". It urges that all those workers who have lost their incomes as a result of the closures be compensated for their loss of wages and that the Indian central and state governments work with Goan community organizations, environmental non-governmental organizations and representatives of local farmers, mine workers and lorry drivers to develop a plan for the development of a long-term sustainable economy in Goa that is not dependent on mining and the destruction of the environment.Ten MPs have so far supported the motion, including Vaz and Sharma.A spokesperson for the Commons explained, \"EDMs are rarely debated, but are a mechanism used by MPs to draw attention to an issue, in the hope of attracting support from other MPs in the Commons who may add their names as signatories.\" She added, \"Should an EDM gain the support of a very large number of other MPs, it might influence policy, inspire action by the government or lead to some other parliamentary action, such as a backbench business debate or select committee inquiry.\"In practice many hundreds of EDMs are tabled during an average parliamentary year, and only a few make it beyond this stage. Frontbench MPs on either side of the house do not normally associate themselves with such motions, lest this should be interpreted by New Delhi as a government or opposition party interfering in India's internal affairs.Two organizations in the UK-Goa Foundation and Save Goa Campaign-have been lobbying British MPs to raise the subject of irresponsible mining in Goa, with the hope of Whitehall taking up this issue with the Indian government.Earlier in the year, the two groups persuaded McDonnell to move an EDM, which called on the British government \"to urge the Indian government and Goan state government to address as a matter of urgency an agenda to save the environment of Goa by capping the present pace of mining, halting the disposal of the mining rejects, stopping the construction of the mining bypass, closing the 19 mines around the Selaulim dam and phasing out mining, starting with the immediate closure of all illegal mines and the instigation of an active programme to encourage green and sustainable industries in Goa.\"This EDM was backed by 20 MPs, including Vaz and Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16908156", "title": "Kailash Kher, Saroj Khan to perform at Iffi inaugural", "text": "Singer Kailash Kher and choreographer Saroj Khan will add glitter to the opening ceremony of the 43rd international film festival of India (Iffi) to be inaugurated by Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar on November 20. In a video uploaded by the ministry of information and broadcasting on Youtube, the singer shared his excitement at the prospect of performing at the opening night. He said he would perform a medley of songs choreographed by Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16914214", "title": "Justin Bieber laptop theft and nude pic a hoax", "text": "An alleged X-rated photo of Justin Bieber that appeared on the internet last week was a publicity stunt for the 18-year-old's latest music video 'Beauty and A Beat', it has been revealed.The singer had tweeted that \"personal footage\" had gone missing from his camera and computer after the items were taken while he was on stage.There were also rumours of leaked video clips and a picture, which showed the Canadian naked.It would appear now that Bieber was behind the joke, the BBC reported.\"Since I was 14 I have had a lot of things said about me, from dying, to saying I had a baby with a woman I never even met, nude pics, drugs...but today...today i get to be in on it... \" he tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16908017", "title": "Another sex racket busted in Calangute", "text": "MAPUSA: Calangute police busted a sex racket at Calangute and rescued two girls and arrested six persons on Saturday night.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposa said a police team raided Chris ayurvedic spa at Gaurawado in Calangute and rescued two Manipuri girls.Police named the accused as Sham Bharti, the owner of the spa, his associates Vipin M V, Jugbi Thomas and Chiranjit Singh and two customers.The accused supplied the girls to customers Krishna Akule of Hyderabad and Sanjay Raut from Maharashtra for the purpose of prostitution, police said. The accused were found to be living on the earnings from prostitution.Police said that the girls were interrogated in the presence of Auda Viegas, president of NGO Bailancho Ekvott.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16909042", "title": "Wear jeans, help clean the air", "text": "LONDON: Eureka! You could do your bit to save the environment by simply wearing a pair of jeans.Researchers have come up with 'super cleaner' denims that work the same way as catalytic converters in cars.The catalytic jeans were conceived by professor Tony Ryan and fashion designer Helen Storey, who discovered that when denim is covered with tiny particles of a mineral called titanium dioxide, it reacts with air and light to break down harmful emissions in the air. The pollutants - produced by traffic and factories - are then neutralized and simply washed away when the garment is laundered.So in theory, jeans wearers of the future could help to clean the dirty air around them simply by walking about in their favourite pair. With toxic emissions killing an estimated 1.3 million people a year worldwide, the resulting improvement in air quality could significantly reduce deaths and respiratory illnesses such as asthma.Storey, of the London College of Fashion, renowned for dressing stars such as Madonna and Cher , \"re-discovered science\" after meeting Ryan, from Sheffield University. The pair started working on a green science and fashion collaboration called Wonderland, which developed into Catalytic Clothing. Their eureka moment came when they realized that microscopic particles of titanium oxide, which is contained in glass, paving stones and sun cream, worked as a pollution-buster when sprayed on clothes.They found that the particles were able to grip on to the millions of fibres in the material and had a greater effect due to the constant movement of the fabric while being worn. This is because titanium oxide needs light and airflow to catalyse and turn noxious gases into harmless, water-soluble nitrates.\"It seemed to be particularly effective on denim jeans and then we realized there were more denim jeans on the planet than people, the Independent quoted Storey as saying. \"So even if we could only get it to work on denim we could achieve quite a lot,\" Storey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16907973", "title": "Looking beyond mining", "text": "How long would the mining bubble have lasted?While mining is a significant contributor it cannot be said to be the mainstay of Goa's economy, even today. Riding on high volumes and high prevailing international prices in the last three years may have had an abnormal ballooning effect on the actual state GDP. But were the export figures between 2009-2012 commercially sustainable in the long run? Or were they mere outliers? Could one imagine/assume such large export volumes would last forever? What infrastructure was developed for nearly tripling the historical export figures?The Goa Vision 2035 document clearly sates that one of the adverse effects of mining in Goa is evident in its impact on surface and groundwater resources. This document has also stated that environmental and carrying capacity also seems to be crossed. Mining has to continue but other sectors of the economy have to be pushed.Tourism has already emerged as a significant contributor. But, it is largely confined to beach areas. Hinterland tourism such as river rafting, mountain treks, spice farms, jungle lodges in the Western Ghats have to be promoted further along with heritage tourism. Medical tourism tried on a small scale by private enterprise needs a boost.Manufacturing too has to be rejuvenated. Other than units set up in the 70s (Zuari and MRF) not many large units other than pharma (largely) have come to Goa. Power guzzlers adding little value to the state have been wrongly invited.Sadly, Goa has missed the bus on IT majors' expansion plans and it is everyone's lament that the 1,000-plus engineering graduates from Goa have to seek their fortunes outside. Existing industrial estates have to be critically appraised and upgraded.Present government has decided to push agriculture and animal husbandry by support prices and subsidies which is a good thing and may see revival of the sectors if the youth turn to these forms of self-employment. Labour availability and costs could pose limitations though. Fisheries can be promoted with active participation of traditional communities.Srinivas Dempogroup chairman, Dempo group (exited family-owned mining business in 2009)Government already attracting non-polluted industriesWe are hopeful of starting legal mining today or tomorrow, but the question remains how long will it continue? The only alternative for the mining industry in the long run is to bring more non-polluted industries to the state and the government is working in this direction. The government has already started industrialization in Goa and application for plot allotments has begun.Mahadev Naikindustries ministerUse trucks and barges to build 'trade hub'Legal mining should be started immediately. The government should also promote Goa as a trade hub. Since Goa already has a large numbers of trucks and barges because of mining the same can be used for transportation of goods which will be imported or exported from Goan ports.If the government builds the infrastructure for it, Goa will become a trade hub in three to five years evolving both, the rural and urban populations.The government should encourage light, engineering industries in the mining belt to generate employment.Manguirish Pai Raikarpresident, gPackaged drinking water plants in mining pitsThe revival of agriculture is among the alternatives to mining. Since construction activities contribute 6% to the state's GDP the government should introduce a 5% tax on the consumption of water, sand and concrete for the use of commercial and professional construction activities. This tax will help the government to generate revenue lost due to the closure of mining activities.Since ore extraction itself has a short lifespan left, mining companies should come out with a voluntary retirement scheme (VRS) and pay the salaries of workers for the next 10 years so that they (workers) can move out of being dependent on mining.The140 mining pits that have plenty of water stored can be used for setting up packaged drinking water plants, through which employment can be generated.Ramesh Gaunsanti-mining activistMining in the short run, alternatives in the long runThe employment potential of mining is very high. It is really difficult to suggest an alternative to mining in Goa given its contribution to the state's exchequer and employment. It is a source of livelihood for thousands of people. There is no alternative to mining as an economic activity in Goa, in the short run. In the long run, that is in 15 to 20 years, industries like food processing, information technology and other knowledge-based industries could be developed. Agro-based activities could also be promoted as an alternative to mining in the long run.Tourism can still absorb more people provided more innovative projects are planned and executed. The ideal situation would be to allow legal mining to carry on their business in the short run and develop alternative industries in the long run through proper planning.P K Sudarsanassociate professor, department of economics, Goa University", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907754", "title": "Navratri 2012: Temples, pandals get ready to host ashtami, navami rush", "text": "MUMBAI: The festival of Navratri comes to a peak on ashtami and navami that fall Monday and Tuesday. Temples organize special havans while Durga puja pandals host the kumari puja on these two days.Authorities at various Devi temples are expecting a rush of devotees on the last two days. The ritual of Navratra havan takes place on ashtami at Mahalaxmi temple and navami at Mumbadevi.On Saturday and Sunday, volunteers of the Mumbadevi Bhakt Mandal served water and sherbet to worshippers from morning till night, while the Vaishnav Charitable and Medical Trust kept an ambulance and four doctors on stand-by. \"A cursory estimate suggests that nearly 75,000 worshippers visited the temple on Saturday and Sunday. We are expecting similar numbers on Monday and Tuesday; not more as these are working days,\" said Mumbadevi temple manager Hemant Jadhav.Ashtami and navami are also the two days when garba enthusiasts throng pandals as the 10pm deadline for loudspeakers is relaxed till midnight. \"On Monday, Falguni Pathak will make a Maharashtrian-style entry with lezim dancers, and on Tuesday, we will host a spectacular fireworks show to celebrate a successful season,\" said her organizer Gaurav Kothari, MD of Mangal Entertainment. The Goregaon venue that can accommodate 22,000 people apparently saw a full house two days ago.At Kora Kendra, organizer Ganesh Naidu has devised a fashion show and a dance performance by senior citizens of Borivli on ashtami and navami. \"It will give the singers a break. We have already hosted 10,000-15,000 people on certain days. Tuesday will witness larger crowds given that Wednesday is a holiday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16907355", "title": "Man let off on probation in rash driving case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man, sentenced to two months in jail for injuring a person while rash driving, has been let off on probation by a Delhi court.Additional sessions judge R K Gauba said south Delhi resident Dalip Kumar shall stand relased after furnishing a bond of Rs 10,000, while reversing a magistrate's order which had awarded him two months prison term for injuring scooter rider Nitin Chadha.The judge also directed Kumar to pay a compensation of Rs 25,000 to the victim and complainant Chadha.According to the prosecution, Kumar on March 26, 2008, hit Chadha's scooter with his motorcycle at a red light near the Munirka subway here. It had further alleged that because of the collision, the latter sustained grievous injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16908139", "title": "Miscreants snatch chain worth Rs 70 lakh", "text": "MARGAO: Unknown motorcycle-borne miscreants snatched the gold chain of a 61-year old woman at Sateri, Navelim, on Sunday, and fled from the scene. Police sources said that the victim, Priyanka Sardesai, claimed that she was on her way to buy milk at around 7am when the snatching took place. The chain, she said, was worth nearly 70,000. Police have booked an offence against unknown persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913136", "title": "Deepika on a special Gujarati shopping spree", "text": "After Priyanka Chopra , looks like now it is Deepika Padukone's turn to be the desi girl.The tall, sporty lass is not leaving any stone unturned for the character she is playing in Sanjay Leela Bhansali's most anticipated project Ram Leela , with Ranveer Singh. She is ready to walk that extra mile when it comes to her looks and clothes are concerned.Deepika Padukone who has bagged the lead role of a Gujarati girl in the film, is currently busy with some festive shopping. With her stylist in tow, Deepika has been visiting the hub of Gujarati fineries for some exquisite and elaborate ghaghra cholis . After completing the basic requirement during the first round of shopping, Deepika and her stylist and designers waited for Navratri for the second round of shopping as they can now get the best collection of Gujarati clothes and traditional wear.As everybody knows Sanjay Leela Bhansali is extremely meticulous about the tiniest details and doesn't want to goof up when it comes to the actor's look. Especially since, the film is based in his homeland, Gujarat. For Deepika's character, he wants her to wear authentic traditional clothes that is worn by Gujarati women in the interiors.And after the success of her last release Cocktail in which Deepika's portrayal of the endearing Veronica put her in a different league with her performance being lauded by the industry and the critics alike. Now the actress is putting all the efforts as she wants to rise a notch higher. Looks like Deepika is all set to surprise her audiences once again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16908749", "title": "6 more dengue cases reported in Coimbatore district", "text": "COIMBATORE: Six fresh cases have been reported from Coimbatore district, including three dengue cases from within corporation limits at the Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital on Saturday. With this, the total number of cases reported at the hospital has reached 24 so far.The three new cases of dengue were reported from areas including Kavundampalayam, Vadamadurai and Maruthapuram, while the others have been confirmed from Vellandipalayam, SIDCO, Ukkadam and Karamadai. With this, the total number of cases reported since January 2012 has increased to 139 within corporation limits.P Sivaprakasamm, Resident Medical Officer, said that off the total 24 cases diagnosed with dengue, seven have already been discharged. He said special wards have been arranged to take care of the patients and adequate platelets are stored in case of necessity. All patients under treatment are doing well and there has been no death cases reported so far, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16908371", "title": "Telangana activists soften stand on Chandrababu padayatra", "text": "HYDERABAD: With pro-Telangana agitators climbing down from their strident posturing, Telugu Desam Party (TDP) chief Chandrababu Naidu will have a smooth passage into Telangana region when his padayatra enters Rajoli in Mahbubnagar district on Monday afternoon. After making all the noise in the last few days, the Telangana JAC's threats fizzled out. In what could be a match-fixing, TJAC will now organise a token protest only and won't stop Naidu from entering Telangana.With the TRS also playing neutral, the TDP camp is buoyant. Several TDP leaders, including 30 party MLAs from the region, would be at hand to receive Naidu at Rajoli. TJAC had earlier planned to organize a protest rally at Rajoli demanding that Naidu make his stand clear on the separate statehood issue.TJAC chairman M Kodandaram defended their `strategy' to mellow down on Naidu's yatra. He said Naidu was undertaking the padayatra to highlight people's problems in the state. \"We don't want to obstruct the padayatra. If we try to stop him, it would lead to unnecessary trouble and dilute the Telangana cause. We have decided not to stop him, but will stage a protest demanding clarity on Telangana,\" he said. He called upon people to demand from Naidu as to where does his party stand on Telangana during the entire stretch of his padayatra in the region.On the other hand, the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS), which initially had planned to obstruct Naidu's walkathon, revised its plans, fearing it would only give mileage to the TDP. \"As a political party we have decided not to protest and we leave it to the people's conscience to question Naidu on his anti-Telangana stand,\" said TRS legislator T Harish Rao.Buoyed by the developments, TDP leaders of Telangana are gearing up to receive Naidu in a big way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16914705", "title": "Accident compensation should be pragmatic and realistic: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has held that there cannot be actual compensation for anguish and mental tribulations for victims of motor accident and it should be based on some pragmatic computation and realistic approach.\"There cannot be actual compensation for anguish of the heart or for mental tribulations.\"It quintessentially lies in the pragmatic computation of the loss sustained which has to be in the realm of realistic approximation,\" the apex court said.A bench of justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra also said a person is to be compensated not only for the physical injury, but also for the loss which he suffered as a result of such injury.\"He is to be compensated for his inability to lead a full life, his inability to enjoy those normal amenities which he would have enjoyed but for the injuries, and his inability to earn as much as he used to earn or could have earned,\" said Justice Misra writing the judgement for the bench.The bench gave the ruling while partly allowing the appeal of road mishap victim K Suresh against a Madras High Court order which had reduced his compensation of Rs 25 lakh, awarded by the Motor Accidents Claims Tribunal, to Rs 9.78 lakh. It had also reduced the interest to 7.5 percent per annum from 9 percent granted by the tribunal.The apex court enhanced the amount to Rs 13,48,000.Citing its earlier rulings, the apex court said it becomes a challenge for courts to determine \"just compensation\" which it said \"is neither a bonanza nor a windfall, and simultaneously, should not be a pittance.\"To elaborate, neither the tribunal nor a court can take a flight in fancy and award an exorbitant sum, for the concept of conventional sum, fall of money value and reasonableness are to be kept in view,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16908306", "title": "Arvind Kejriwal\u2019s conduct, motives questioned by Anna Hazare supporters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist Arvind Kejriwal's press conference against the \"police atrocities\" meted out to India Against Corruption (IAC) members was disrupted by a group of protestors claiming to be Anna Hazare supporters.The group, led by an elderly woman, shouted slogans and questioned Kejriwal on his conduct.As he fielded questions and paraded some of the injured persons before the media after taking them from a Delhi hospital, the protesters shouted slogans and leveled allegations against Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia, saying they were using the anti-corruption movement for their own gain.The woman, who identified herself as Annie Kohli based in Mumbai, questioned Kejriwal on his political affiliation and demanded to know why he had abandoned his agitations.\"You speak with lots of affection but you are doing politics. You are using this as a ladder for your politics. Revolutionaries never ran away from suffering. But for you, when the time came, you ran away,\" Kohli, whom Kejriwal said he did not know, alleged.Incidentally, Anna Hazare's aides in Delhi said they did not know her either and condemned the incident.A youth, who claimed to be against the movement taking a political plunge, alleged that Kejriwal's intentions were not right and that he was a friend of Congress MP Sandeep Dikshit .Kohli also demanded to know why Kejriwal had wrapped up the protest against Congress minister Salman Khurshid. She also distributed a pamphlet with nine questions and questioned Kejriwal's ideology.When asked about Kohli, Kejriwal said, \"I don't know her. No questions have been raised by her. What kind of questions is she raising? Every agitation has its own strategy.\"IAC Mumbai member Preeti Sharma Menon said, \"Annie Kohli is not a regular volunteer though she has attended a few meetings. She is entitled to her opinion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16909303", "title": "State govt to outsource staff for Kumbh works", "text": "NASHIK: While government agencies are racing against time to make arrangements for the next Kumbh mela scheduled in 2015, there are indications that the arrangements are likely to be outsourced.With only two years left for the forthcoming Kumbh mela, the state government is reluctant to appoint the staff to look into the specific works of the religious mega-event and the assistants would be outsourced during the human congregation - considered to be one of the biggest in the world.Officials are waiting for the appointment of the staff that would look into the works of the religious gathering. As a result, the collectorate has requested the state to permit them to take the assistants on an outsourced basis for the period.\"The shortage of staff and the huge work is diverting officials and employees' attention from the regular works. This has also affected the chances of getting manpower on deputation. The collectorate has therefore requested the state government to appoint senior officials till the level of tehsildar and rest of the assistants would be outsourced. The proposal is likely to be sanctioned at the earliest,\" a senior official from the collectorate said.On the recommendations and presentations of the Kumbh mela plans, the official said that the collectorate has asked the departments to try and get the funds from their own departments which could be possible in the forthcoming winter session.\"Waiting for Kumbh funds would mean waiting for the work to begin only after May 2013, after the formation of Kumbh cell. The funds would be allocated only in the annual budget. If the departments present their demands to their respective ministries now, they could get sanctions and even funds in the winter session of the House. This will help expedite work. Besides, all those works not sanctioned could be included in the regular budget,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16912850", "title": "Project Dussehra: Making of a 10-headed demon", "text": "KANPUR: City-based artisans are busy giving final touches to effigies of the ten-headed Ravana, besides Kumbhkarn and Meghnad to be set on fire on Dussehra festival on October 24. The large effigies are being made in parts and the body parts are later assembled. Their height ranges between 60 feet to 80 feet. The tallest effigy of Ravana in the city this time would be 80 feet tall and would be raised on Parade ground.For making this 80 feet tall effigy, artisans are making head, body and legs of the effigy separately. Similarly, effigies of Kumbhkarn and Meghnad too are being made in parts. The same exercise is undergoing at almost every ground where Dusshera would be celebrated. Artisans are working day and night to finish the work of making and beautifying the effigies. While pasting moustache on the face of Ravana, local artist Javed said this would be followed by pasting earrings on the demon's ears.\"We have applied vermillion on the forehead of Ravana, Meghnad and Kumbakaran with the help of paint. Also we have pasted a crown on their heads, which are almost ready. The task that remains is to attach all the three body parts but this would be done on Dusshera,\" said Javed, busy completing the effigy along with his colleagues at Saket Nagar ground.Similarly, a group of craftsmen were seen making effigies of Meghnad and Kumbhkarn at an open ground in Barra area. The artisans, all of whom were Muslims, said while talking to TOI that they had been making the effigies of the demons from Ramayan for several years now. They said they inherited this work from their parents who used to make the effigies before them.\"Apart from making the structure of the effigies we also place firecrackers inside them. We place lights in the eyes of the effigies and they glow in the dark of the night and attract the crowd. Different kinds of firecrackers producing loud sounds and light will burn once the effigy is torched. This will last for around half and hour after which the effigies will burn to ashes,\" said artist Kamal-ud-din. When asked what materials are used to in making the effigies, Kamal-ud-din said a cane and bamboo structure forms the skeleton of the effigy. Thereafter old newspaper, glaze paper, cardboard, etc are used to prepare clothes for the effigy. Paint is used for several purposes. Cotton is used to make moustaches. A lot of glue is used to paste different body parts to the skeleton. He added that ear tops for the effigy are made from cardboard and latter pasted with the ears.At a ground in H block in Kidwai Nagar where the effigy of Ravana was being made, the artisans were sweating out hard. When questioned about what material is being used to make the effigy, a worker said, cloth or paper is glued over the wiry bamboo frame to create the skin of the effigy. The huge faces are decorated with paint and metallic paper to create the facial features.\"The many heads of Ravana are now almost ready to be placed on the tall body of the effigy which is filled with gun powder and explosives and set ablaze in a spectacular show called 'Ravan-Vadh' or the Killing of Ravana on Dusshera,\" said the craftsmen.It is important to mention that in the 10-headed Ravana effigy, all heads are made separately. The craftsmen have to start making effigies nearly two months before Dusshera to get things ready for the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16909063", "title": "Struggle is part of my growing up process, says Dinda", "text": "CHENNAI: Ashok Dinda is in the form of his life.The Bengal paceman ran through South Zone in the Duleep Trophy semifinal and is keen to do it all over again in the final against Central. But with rain playing spoilsport on Day 1, he didn't get a chance.\"These things are out of control. I am hoping we will get enough cricket in the days to come,\" Dinda told the TOI on Sunday afternoon, after a strenuous gym session.He knows the importance of fitness, more so because he intends to bowl fast with a not-so-big build. \"Yes, I have run through a few sides in my career. More than anything else, it's about my fitness and my ability to bowl long spells,\" the short-statured paceman said.There was a point in time in the Duleep semifinal, when the possibility of a 10-wicket haul arose. \"When I took seven at a stretch, it crossed my mind... Then, Basanth Mohanty got a wicket in between. But it's OK, I have moved on,\" Dinda said.The Bengal boy has come up the hard way since his Ranji Trophy debut six years back. With Ranadeb Bose and Shib Shankar Paul being the two main bowlers for Bengal at that point of time, often Dinda had to sit on the sidelines.\"They were great bowlers for Bengal. I tried to learn from them... Even now, when I have to sit out matches for India, despite being in the squad, I remember those days. I know when I will get my chance, I have to make it count.\"Dinda has been in the Indian squad for a while now giving decent performances as and when he has got a chance. But with the team management often opting for Umesh Yadav and allrounder Irfan Pathan along with Zaheer Khan , he has to wait. Dinda, though, doesn't lose heart.\"Struggle is a part of my growing up process... And all these guys you are talking about, they are my friends. Take Zaheer for example, I learn so much from him.\"When he started off, Dinda sometimes used to go a little overboard with his pace. With that came the tendency to bowl too many short deliveries, which didn't make him too much of a favourite among the state captains during those days.\"You should understand I was a little immature then... Even now, I bowl the short ball, just that I use it a little more judiciously,\" the paceman said.Quite a few coaches have played significant roles in his development, one of them being the South African legend Allan Donald . \"He told that aggression is my strong point and that I should never compromise on that... I try to follow his advice,\" Dinda said.Does he believe that with eight home Tests this season, a debut in the longer version is just round the corner?\"I like to take it one game at a time... If good performances get me the Test cap, I will be happy,\" Dinda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907806", "title": "Women's panel to probe why 213 girls quit in 2 months in Banasthali", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan State Women's Commission is all set to expand the scope of its investigation into the Banasthali unrest. It has sought the addresses of 213 girls, including 25 Banasthali school students, who left studies in mid of session-2012.\"Our probe committee was surprised to find that 213 students enrolled in 2012 quit studies between August 1 and September 30 this year. It raises questions as to why they left at a time when admissions in all leading universities were over,\" said Lad Kumari Jain, chairman of State Women's Commission. The commission is not ruling out the possibility of students leaving due to harassment.The commission is holding discussions on ways to reach these girls as most of them were from far-flung areas. It is planning to prepare a questionnaire to be send to these students to find out the reasons for leaving Banasthali.\"The students who left studies in July were not included in the list as there was a possibility that they had not liked the university,\" said Jain adding that this unusual movement requires a thorough probe. She accused the university administration of not disclosing the names and addresses of all these students.Even the one victim who testified for molestation before the probe panel had left for her native place in Bihar on October 5 and is yet to return. The victim left in the presence of a commission member and promised to return.Since then, the panel visited the campus thrice but they didn't find the victim on campus. When they asked, they found that she had expressed her unwillingness to continue her studies. Sources said that the panel is emphasizing on further probe as they had learnt of many cases which went unnoticed in the past.The probe committee members include Pawan Surana, Asha Kaushik, Rupa Tiwari and Mahendra Sharma. Twenty-five students testified before them during the inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "16913423", "title": "Christina Aguilera to endorse dating site", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Pop star Christina Aguilera has been offered $3 million to become the new face of a dating website for curvy women.The 31-year-old 'Fighter' hitmaker has attracted attention with her fluctuating weight in recent months and now bosses at The Big and the Beautiful website for plus-size singles have asked the pop star to front their firm, reported TMZ online.In a letter former winner of America's Next Top Model and company president Whitney Thomas writes, \"I have been following Aguilera's career and feel she would be a perfect fit as the new face of the brand. I hope she is interested in exploring this opportunity with us.\"The singer is not the first celebrity to receive an offer from the organisation. Soul sensation Adele was recently presented with a similar business opportunity, but she turned it down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16909951", "title": "Yashji never lost his cool: Waheeda Rehman", "text": "There was a stunned silence on the phone line when I informed Lata Mangeshkar about her rakhibrother Yash Chopra's death. \"Just yesterday was my niece Varsha's terahwa (the 13th day after death).Why is God testing me like this?\" She paused and added, \"Our birthdays are separated by a day. This year he sent me an idol of Mata Saraswati. He loved me like his sister. I feel like I've lost my brother.\"Mangeshkar wasn't alone in her grief. Karan Johar - at whose residence a pall of gloom had descended - felt like he had lost his father all over again, while Shah Rukh Khan went numb with grief. \"Yashji gone? Nah! Has to be a cruel joke,\" said Anupam Kher.The thing about him, as Mangeshkar pointed out, was that no one disliked him. \"He had a childlike innocence about him. He loved music and songs, and he had a great sense of poetry. He couldn't sing, but he insisted on singing. He told me he paid his driver extra money so that the poor guy would tolerate his singing when they travelled together.\"Waheeda Rehman , who made three of her finest films Kabhi Kabhie, Trishul and Mashaal with Yash Chopra , found it hard to digest the news. \"It's so sudden. Just some days ago, I met him at Amitabh's birthday party. He looked hale and hearty and was smiling like always,\" she said. \"Yashji never lost his cool. I remember we shot a famous dramatic sequence in Mashaal where I was dying on the road and Dilip Kumar was pleading with people to take me to the hospital. The scene was done on the road in the middle of the night. We were all edgy, but not Yashji. He was always calm and in control. He never allowed himself any negative thoughts.\"My first meeting with Chopra was after his son Aditya's film Dilwale Dulhaniya Le Jayenge had become a huge hit. \"I've never seen so much money before,\" he said to me then.Chopra's enthusiasm for cinema was matched by his ability to keep pace with changing trends. But he had serious issues with cinema taking on the darker side of the human personality. When Deepa Mehta's Fire released, he candidly admitted that he didn't think much of films that went into themes such as alternate sexuality. \"We're making all kinds of films\u2014English, Hinglish, sex, horror... I feel for a film to run, it has to have Indian values. For a film to be a blockbuster, it has to be rooted to our culture. Deewaar , which is considered one of the most successful action films, had only one fight sequence! It was the mother-son emotions that made the film a hit,\" he had said.Starting with Dhool ka Phool in 1959, he himself made films that changed the grammar of storytelling and brought in radical themes: unwed motherhood in Dhool Ka Phool, the communal divide in Dharmputra, bigamy in Daag, the Oedipal complex in Lamhe, obsessive love in Darr and the Indo-Pak association in Veer-Zara.A few years ago, he told me why he decided to opt out of directorial awards. \"During one awards function, I was constantly asked how it felt to be nominated with youngsters such as Farhan Akhtar , Ashutosh Gowariker, Farah Khan and Kunal Kohli . They are as old as my children. I thought it was high time I stepped aside,\" he said. \"It doesn't mean I'll give up directing films. I'll continue to direct films until the day I die. I'd like to die with my boots on.\"In that, at least, he got his wish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913764", "title": "Hard Kaur makes the alcohol anthem of India with her song Peeney Do", "text": "Hard Kaur makes the alcohol anthem of India with her song Peeney DoThe government might have increased the age limit for alcohol consumption but they cannot stop the youth of the time from singing the new alcohol anthem. Singer-Rapper-Actor Hard Kaur who is coming up with her second album P.L.A.Y, almost 5 years after her first became a rage amongst the youth, says that her song Peeney do from this album is likely to become an alcohol anthem of 2012.The lyrics of the song -- Mujhe peeney do, Thodasa humko jeeney do, If I get outa control, It's not me its alcohol, has already taken people who have heard the number, by storm. The song has usage of Bombay slang and will make the listeners laugh, she claims. \"The song Glassy' from my first album was a hit amongst the generation next and so it is very likely that with peppy music and drowning lyrics Peeney do too will be The Alcohol anthem.\" All the songs are penned and composed by Hard Kaur. Iti Shree Misra", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16907519", "title": "Anaka Alankamony wins WISPA Ipswich Open title", "text": "CHENNAI: India's Anaka Alankamony claimed her second WISPA title after beating top seed Kylie Lindsay of New Zealand in the Ipswich Open on Sunday. Anaka took advantage of Lindsay's erratic play to win 11-8, 13-11, 11-5 in Australia.\"It's been an amazing week for me, I was seventh seed for this tournament so it feels really good to win,\" she said. \"I had a five-setter in the morning and yesterday too I had a five-setter and a four-setter. It was a long day yesterday and today, but I feel really wonderful now.\"Alankamony said she felt at home with the conditions. \"I train in Chennai and it's very humid there. The weather is similar here,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16908285", "title": "Narendra Modi invites Bihar BJP leaders to Gujarat", "text": "PATNA: The doubts that the Bihar BJP top guns had been 'debarred' from campaigning in Gujarat got cleared on Sunday, as Bihar BJP chief Dr C P Thakur said the state party leaders would campaign there.According to Dr Thakur, Gujarat CM Narendra Modi contacted him on telephone on Sunday, saying that all BJP leaders from Bihar were welcome in Gujarat to campaign for the party candidates. Modi also said that \"unnecessary confusion\" had been created on the matter. The Gujarat CM told Dr Thakur that not only Bihar BJP top guns, but even workers were welcome.\"Narendra Modi telephoned me today. He was really concerned that unnecessary confusion had been created, and invited all the BJP leaders and even workers to Gujarat,\" Dr Thakur said.Early this week, the confusion that Bihar BJP top guns were not welcome in Bihar occurred as the names of leaders such as deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , party's chief national spokesman Ravi Shankar Prasad, spokesmen Rajiv Pratap Rudy and Shahnawaz Hussain, and cine star-cum-Lok Sabha MP Shatrughan Sinha were missing from the first list of 40 leaders, submitted to the Election Commission , who were to campaign in Gujarat.Its fallout was expected, with animal husbandry and fisheries minister Giriraj Singh seeing a conspiracy in the raising of the issue, who added that the party's leaders from Bihar should have been included in the list. Incidentally, health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey maintained that invitation or no invitation, he would go to Gujarat to campaign for the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16910728", "title": "TCS: 12 things to know", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16913580", "title": "Listen Amaya", "text": "CreditsDirector: Avinash Kumar Singh, Geeta Singh Cast: Farouque Shaikh, Deepti Naval, Swara Bhaskar, Amala Akkinenni, Siddhant Karnick Producer: Ashok SawhnySynopsisBook a coffee, is an offbeat library cum coffee shop. It is owned and run by Leela Krishnamoorthy, a middle aged widow. She herself is as interesting and free spirited as the cafe she runs! Amaya, Leela's only child is a fire-brand 22 year-old writer; quick witted, confident and open-minded. They adore each other as only mother daughter can.Into this mix, is thrown Jayant Sinha. A 60 year old retired photographer, who continues his chosen profession as a hobby today. He is passionate about people and the memories they create; he is also a great friend to Amaya Krishnamoorthy, with whom he decides to co-author a coffee table book, titled Memories...of The Busy Bazaar. The Busy Bazaar as a title has it's own story and adds a subtle but intriguing undercurrent to the narrative woven around it.Listen Amaya is a modern, young, contemporary film about relationships, family dynamics, about pre-conceptions and about priorities. It encapsulates a simple thought that, one does not stop living for the future, on the back of memories one has of the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16908461", "title": "HSC maths, science exams in any language from next year", "text": "PUNE: The higher secondary certificate (HSC, std XII) students of science faculty will now be able to attempt science and mathematics papers in any language of their choice. If students feel they are comfortable with Marathi language, they can write mathematics, chemistry, biology, Physics papers in Marathi, irrespective of the medium of language in their college.The Maharashtra State board of Secondary and Higher secondary education has made this amendment in their rules for the convenience of students.The State board has sent a notification to all nine divisions - Mumbai, Pune, Kolhapur, Nagpur, Amravati, Aurangabad, Nashik, Latur and Konkan - under it.The new rule will be applicable from the February-March 2013 examinations, the board has said.Sarjerao Jadhav, board chairman, said, \"Besides Marathi, students will be able to write the exam for science and Mathematics subjects in Gujarathi, Kannada, Urdu, Sindhi, Hindi or any other language of their choice. We have made the necessary amendment in rule no. 86 of the board.\"While filing the exam application form, the students will be required to specify their choice of language for these papers.\"Sometimes, students can express concepts very well in the language they are comfortable with. Restricting them to a particular language may obstruct them from expressing their thoughts or knowledge. Hence, we have decided to give them the freedom to choose their own language,\" Jadhav said.\"Science and mathematics are the most crucial subjects for std XII as these subjects decide the future of students, for they have to take admissions for professional courses based on HSC marks. It was a long-pending demand from students to allow them the liberty to pick the language of their choice. Hence, the decision,\" Jadhav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911445", "title": "Lata remembers her beloved brother Yash Chopra", "text": "\"The news of Yashji going came as a bolt from the blue. Nothing had prepared me for this loss. I had been told he was down with dengue. I tried calling him. But his phone was off. I was planning to visit him in the hospital. But that visit kept getting put off because of problems in the family. Now I will never be able to see him. I have lost a true friend and dear brother. He loved me to death. He had made it clear that I'd have to sing for all his films from the time he turned director with 'Dhool Ka Phool' in 1959. I think I sang for all his films except 'Waqt'. When he turned into an independent producer with 'Daag' in 1973 he sat and explained the story to me and the situation for every song . He had a great music sense, though he couldn't sing himself,\" said Lata Mangeshkar .She added,\"His wife Pam not only sang she also had a good knowledge of Hindustani classical music, which Yashji lacked. Together they created an atmosphere for those timeless scores in Yashji's films. One thing that you'd always find in the music of a Yashraj film is a number based on Punjabi rhythms. Yashji had a penchant for Punjabi songs and had to have one of them in all his films. He had an amazing sense of poetry too. That was evident in the songs and music of Kabhi Kabhie. I feel Yashji has left behind so much for future generations of filmmakers to learn. He was an entire institution in filmmaking. He made every frame look so beautiful. There's so much misery , squalor and poverty in real life. The man on the street went to see a Yash Chopra film to live a dream where everything was picture-perfect,where the women were lovely visions in chiffon sarees shot against picturesque backdrops in Switzerland and Amsterdam . I am proud and privileged to have given voice to Yashji's lovely heroines. But Yashji and I were bonded on a much deeper level than the professional. He genuinely loved me. Cinema was his passion. All the money that he made went back into making films. I hadn't met Yashji for some time now. He kept asking me to come over to his studio(of which he was very proud) and to his home where Pam and Yashji made me feel like family. I will miss that warmth and hospitality. My heart reaches out to Pamji.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "16912863", "title": "Durga idol falls down in Rourkela", "text": "ROURKELA: Durga idol at the Telephone Bhawan puja pandal, one of the most attractive pandals of the Steel City, fell down here on Sunday evening, dampening the puja spirit in the city.According to sources, at about 5.30pm, when puja rituals were being conducted at the pandal, the idol suddenly fell down. The back support of the idol of weak, which led to the crash, sources said.\"Hundreds of volunteers are working on a war footing to restore the idol for the Mahaashtami puja on Monday morning,\" said Sanjib Mohanty, president of BSNL employees union.BSNL employees have been organizing the Telephone Bhawan puja in front of their sector 6 offices since the past 40 years. The puja attracts lakhs of people every year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16907649", "title": "Prithvi theatre fest from November 3-18", "text": "MUMBAI: One year since taking over the reins of Prithvi Theatre, adman Kunal Kapoor has announced the revival of the Prithvi Festival. He admits the going is tough given the lack of sponsors and fewer participants.This year's edition takes place after a hiatus of two years. The first festival since 2009, it will be held from November 3-18. Naseeruddin Shah , Shabana Azmi , Rajit Kapoor, Shernaz Patel and Makarand Deshpande will bring their plays to the table. Musical performances by sitarist Niladri Kumar and tabla player Taufique Qureshi are on the schedule apart from meets and exhibitions. The itinerary lists 47 performances of 29 productions.Kapoor says he intends to give weightage to music given that the theatre's superb acoustics make it an ideal venue for live performances.This is Prithvi's first outing since the exit of Sanjna Kapoor, who is credited with having made it the theatre lover's mecca under her decades-long stewardship. \"It is not my first festival, though. I was deeply involved as trustee way back in 1985 and I still am,\" said Kunal who took over as director in November last year.Prithvi will remain closed for a week as the annual repair and whitewash exercise gets under way before the big day arrives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16908766", "title": "\u2018Elusive\u2019 ASP turns up, quizzed for 2 hour", "text": "CHANDIGARH: ASP Shiv Charan \u2014 who had on Saturday turned down a telephonic request of CBI sleuths to record his statement \u2014 appeared for questioning at CBI headquarters, Sector 30, at 10.30am on Sunday. He was quizzed for about two hours. The UT police have also cancelled his seven-day leave.After he had refused the CBI request, a summon was served on him through SSP office for joining the investigation. Sources in CBI said, \"Charan confirmed that nine witnesses in a case against SHO Anokh Singh were examined and that he was yet to record the statement of SP (city) Desh Raj Singh. He also told that the SHO's fate depended on the version of Desh Raj, as the departmental probe against him was marked following the SP's complaint.\" Charan was holding two departmental probes against the SHO, from whom Desh Raj had reportedly accepted a bribe of Rs 1 lakh to give a statement in his favour on October 18.DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said, \"The statement of Charan will be tallied with Anokh and Desh Raj's.\"A Haryana cadre police officer, Charan had joined UT police on deputation. He was given the charge of ASP, Indian Reserve Battalion (IRB), four months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16913086", "title": "SMS perverts use fake papers to hoodwink cops", "text": "MUMBAI: The incessant ringing of her cellphone in the dead of the night woke up Reema (name changed) from her deep slumber. The Chembur resident, who works as an executive with a private firm, answered the phone, only to hear the maniacal laughter of a man. A few days later, Reema was startled when shereceived an obscene text message from the same number. To make matters worse, Reema's two female flatmates also started receiving vulgar SMSes from the same number. They then approached the police. \"The man laughed at us andtold us the cops will never find him as he had procured six SIM cards using fake documents,\" said Reema.The cops traced the number to a Goregaon man and learnt that he was unaware that his papers had been used to obtain the SIM card.Reema and her flatmates are not alone. Many women are still waiting for the perverts, who harassed them through obscene SMSes and emails, to be brought to justice. Investigators, too, admit that very rarely do such persons get caught. \"Mobile service providers do not thoroughly check documents while giving out SIM cards. This negligent approach helps the perverts get away with their crime,\" said an officer. \"In fact, many offenders challenge us to trace them. They are emboldened by the fact that the number can't be traced back to them.\"In 2010, a 45-year-old housewife from south Mumbai was on the verge of getting divorced had it not been for the Yellow Gate police, who saved her marriage in the nick of time. She was being suspected by her husband as she would get an unending stream of calls and lewd SMSes from a man. Her alleged tormentor arrested on December 31, 2010, was a 23-year-old student Rizwan Alsulkar in an architecture college in Mumbai, who hailed from a well-to-do but dysfunctional family settled in Dapoli, Raigad. She was not his only victim. The list includes other housewives and also a woman police officer. The women are residents of Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Thane and Raigad.The same year, a senior woman cop in Mumbai by harassed by a accused who use to text obsence messages. When the woman called and showed her identity to the sender he replied that he does not care for the consequences as he wanted to enjoy with her and for that he can cross any limit. \"Despite knowing that the woman was a cop, the accused continued harassing her,\" said the investigators.According to the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), Mumbai has earned the dubious distinction of being the city withthe maximum number of registered cases of sexual harassment or obscenity through SMS, MMS or email. Between 2007 and 2012 (till August), 84 such cases were registered in the city. When it comes to states, Maharashtra, too, doesn't fare better. The NCRB data shows Maharashtra has the third highest number of such cases (169) registered in the country in the same period.Kerala tops the list among the states with 191 cases while Andhra Pradesh is second with 176 registered offences.Dr Yusuf Matcheswalla, honorary professor of psychiatry at Grant Medical College and JJ Hospital, said, \"Such persons have no fear for the consequences. They do not stop till the victims change their number.\"JCP (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"We will take up the matter with the information technology ministry so that proper action is taken against erring service providers.\" \"The telecom industry repeatedly is playing and risking the country with their acts to make profits for self instead of taking up time to carry out verification procedures of the documents of the person who applies to get the mobile service,\" said Roy.Former IPS officer-turned-lawyer YP Singh said the cops should approach the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India , which has the power to slap fines on erring service providers. \"In serious cases, the police can register an FIR and arrest and officials of telecom companies for helping the subscriber get a SIM card on fake papers,\" he said.A spokesperson of a leading telecom operator said the cops were trying to pass the buck by blaming operators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16911762", "title": "I have 20-year-olds proposing to me: Surendra", "text": "Actor Surendra Pal, now better known as Prajapati Daksh from Devon Ke Dev... Mahadev, is loving his new-found popularitySecond time lucky Life does not always give a second chance, but it did to the actors of Devon Ke Dev...Mahadev, feels Lucknowite and actor, Surendra Pal Singh, now popularly known as Prajapati Daksh. \"Three flop actors made one serial a hit,\" laughs Surendra, who was recently in Lucknow for the shooting of a Bhojpuri film. \"It is so interesting that Mohit Raina, Mouni Roy, Sonarika Bhadoria and even I... we all were flop actors, who suddenly became popular with Mahadev . Before signing the show, none of us had any idea that characters of a mythological show like this, when youth-based serials and saas-bahu soaps are the flavour of the season, would be able to do so well. It is all divine grace,\" he adds.Enjoying the fame And now, Surendra is enjoying every bit of the recently gained fame. \"It is so strange that people come to me, especially ladies, and touch my feet addressing me as Mahadev ke sasurji and will ask me to bless them. All this used to happen when Mahabharata and Ramayana were first telecast and there was only one channel and limited shows,\" he says. Surendra's fan following doesn't stop there. \"I have girls aged between 20 and 30 years, proposing marriage to me! I don't know what has happened to them that they want to marry an old guy like me! Recently, when a girl proposed to me I told her that she can actually date my son since they are of the same age,\" he laughs.Happily single But Surendra says he is happy being single. \"I separated from my wife long back and since then, I have been living with my three beautiful children. My life revolves around them. It is time for me now to help my son settle in life and not think about me finding a life partner. And waise bhi, I have so much to keep me occupied. Ab yeh social networking sites ko hi le lo . You know, all thanks to Facebook, I am now connected with my bachpan ke dost. In fact, I also connected with my first girlfriend recently! Saari puraani yaadein taaza ho gayi ,\" he blushes.Politically correct Surendra has had political inclinations too. \"Sonia Gandhi offered me a ticket to contest elections from her party twice, but at that time I didn't have time,\" he claims, \"But now I do plan to enter politics. I am not sure which party, but I love the way Akhilesh Yadav has managed his party. I have been friends with Shivpal Yadav for more than 30 years and I love the way Tipu (Akhilesh's pet name) is managing the whole state.\" So will he be joining the Samajwadi Party? \"You never know,\" smiles Surender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16914751", "title": "HCL fined for 'mentally harassing' customer", "text": "NEW DELHI: HCL Infosystems has been asked by a consumer forum here to either refund Rs 27,890 as cost of a faulty notebook computer to a buyer or replace the defective machine with a new one.The New Delhi District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum also awarded the customer Rs 3,000 as compensation saying he was \"mentally harassed\" as he had been approaching HCL ever since he had purchased the computer, for rectifying the problems with the machine.\"...the complainant has been mentally harassed and it (HCL) has no option except to replace the set or refund the amount as per the invoice as it is pointed out by the service centre that it is a software manufacturing problem.\"Opposite party is directed to refund Rs 27,890 or replace the set in question or any substitute computer may be provided to the complainant of the same value. We also award Rs 3,000 as litigation and harassment charges,\" the bench presided by C K Chaturvedi said.The complaint against the computer manufacturer was filed by Delhi resident Sandeep who had alleged that the notebook computer he had bought from an HCL's authorised dealer for a sum of Rs 27,890 on January 23, 2008 was defective and its defect could not be rectified despite several visits to the HCL's service centre.The HCL in its reply had contended that the defect was in the software of the product and it was a hardware company and not a software repairing shop.It had also argued that the software which had the defect was not manufactured by it.The forum, however, rejected the contention saying under the warranty of the product sold by the HCL, both hardware and software defects of the product were covered and held it \"guilty of selling a defective laptop\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16911730", "title": "20 students taken ill, chickenpox suspected", "text": "BHOPAL: More than 20 schoolchildren, who have fallen sick in some posh localities of the city, are attending their classes, posing a danger to others kids. Teachers suspect students are afflicted with chickenpox.With blisters over body, fever and tiredness, these students are going to school. The parents say they have to send their children to schools as their absence from the school would affect studies and they might miss the chance of writing their annual test because of falling short of minimum attendance necessary to appear in examination.\"I know many children who are suffering from chickenpox, a woman teacher, residing in Arera Colony, told TOI. Instead of quarantining such kids, their parents were sending them to schools, which may trigger the spread of the contagious disease, she said.These kids, some from my locality, are from the posh localities, she said. The health officials should take some steps and visit schools.\"I am unaware of such an outbreak. I will check it on Monday. We are going to send health workers to school,\" district chief medical and health officer (CM&HO;) Pankaj Shukla told TOI. Usually, the outbreak of his disease is reported during summer, he said, adding such cases seldom take place in this season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/koraput", "code": "16912981", "title": "Cops pay homage to slain colleagues", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/KORAPUT: Policemen across the state observed Sunday as Saheed Diwas and recalled the valour and sacrifice of several of their colleagues who died on duty. Sources said as many as 17 cops in the rank of inspector, sub-inspector, constable and havildar lost their lives in different districts, including Maoist-affected zones in the last one year.Parades were organized at police headquarter in Cuttack, commissionerate police headquarter in Bhubaneswar and district police headquarters where police officers, including DGP Prakash Mishra, paid homage to the slain brave hearts.\"Hats off to my colleagues, who lost their lives on duty. They will always be remembered for their courage and devotion to work,\" Mishra said. He lauded the efforts of the police personnel deployed in Maoist-affected districts for effectively combating challenges from the Red rebels.While Maoists have been hunting down cops in regular intervals, the latest loss to the police department came on August 13 when Maoists murdered home guard Narayan Suna in Bargarh district.On July 29, Maoists shot dead a special police officer, Ajit Sodi, in Malkangiri district and injured his colleague Lachhimia Madkami in front of Podia police station.Besides, some policemen have died while conducting raids on hideouts of anti-socials. ASI Narendra Kumar Patel was killed at Badjuri Nala in Sundergarh district during execution of non-bailable warrants on August 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16907618", "title": "Jairam Ramesh's new mantra for rural folk: \u2018no toilet, no bride\u2019", "text": "JAIPUR: Within days of his comment \"toilets are more important than temples\" raised a stink, Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh urged rural folk to follow a new mantra, \"No toilet, no bride,\" and criticized Congress-ruled Rajasthan for failing to provide proper sanitation to the people.Addressing a gathering at Khajuri village in Kota on Monday, Jairam said the availability of a toilet at the groom's home should be made a prerequisite to marriage. \"Don't get married into a house where there is no toilet,\" he told the people of Khajuri.\"Many states in north India are falling behind (in terms of sanitation) and Rajasthan is among them. There are 9,177 gram panchayats in the state and only 321 have been able to get rid of open defecation. The Rajasthan government is working to reach the figure of 1,000 panchayats by the end of this year but it's a huge task,\" the Union minister said, urging the administration to make the state free of open defecation in five years.After Khajuri, Jairam launched the third edition of Nirmal Bharat Yatra at Sangod. His rap on the state government outlined its poor show in rural sanitation and the inability to stay in tune with the total sanitation campaign (TSC) and the Centre's guidelines. Only 40% rural household in Rajasthan have access to toilets.According to Nirmal Rajasthan Rural Sanitation and Hygiene Strategy (2012-2022), individual household latrines ( IIHL) coverage increased from 19% to 67% between 2005 and 2011, but these figures do not reflect actual latrine functionality and use. There are wide disparities both in terms of coverage and usage in the districts and indicate a toilet usage rate of only around 13% in the state.State government officials, too, admit that sanitation facilities, especially in rural areas, are abysmally low. But they claim they have a strategy to counter this.\"To increase the toilet coverage per household, the government is providing houses attached with toilets under its Mukhyamantri Awas Yojna Programme. Similarly, MGNREGS is now linked to total sanitation campaign to provide labour for toilet construction for BPL, SC and ST households, schools, anganwadis and community toilets\" said a Panchayati Raj official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16908369", "title": "Communal violence Bill in cold storage", "text": "It is almost seven years that the Communal Violence (Prevention, Control and Rehabilitation of Victims) Bill was introduced in Parliament in 2005. The latest avatar of the ill-fated legislation - Prevention of Communal &amp; Targeted Violence (Access to Justice &amp; Reparations) Bill 2011, drafted by a working group of National Advisory Council (NAC)-is hanging fire. Nobody knows when this legislation will see the light of the day, even as communal violence occurs with regularity in some part of the country or other.The latest status note on \"follow up on Sachar Committee report\" merely mentions that the NAC sent the Bill to the home ministry on 25 July, 2011 and the draft bill is still under examination of the ministry. But the fact is that this Bill has virtually been put into cold storage. The UPA neither has the will nor the inclination to push it through in Parliament. The reason for this is not far to seek.The UPA is afraid of the BJP-led NDA and some other parties which are opposed to this Bill. When this Bill came up before National Integration Council at its meeting on 10 Sept, 2011, the NDA, more precisely BJP and Akali Dal, as well as other parties such as BSP, Biju Janata Dal and AIADMK, had opposed it tooth and nail. The NIC dropped this issue in the face of stiff opposition from the Sangh parivar and their potential allies. The earlier draft of the Communal Violence Bill, introduced by the then Union home minister Shivraj Patil in November 2005, had similarly raised the hackles of BJP and other NDA constituents, as well as some parties which had, in the past, supported the NDA. Thereafter, in 2011, a working group of the NAC rehashed the Bill by fine-tuning its provisions. Explaining the rationale and purpose of the draft legislation, the NAC points out \"Evidence from state records and several of commissions of enquiry has confirmed institutional bias and prejudicial functioning of the state administration, law enforcement and criminal justice machinery when a non-dominant group in the unit of a state, based either on language or religion, or a member of a Scheduled Caste or Scheduled Tribe, is attacked because of their identity in the unit of that state. This prevents such non-dominant groups from getting full and fair protection of the laws of the land or equal access to justice.\"The key provisions of the Bill include wider definition of communal and targeted violence, action against public servants for dereliction of duty, culpability for breach of command responsibility, sanction for prosecution of public servants, monitoring and accountability, offences of communal and targeted violence, victims' rights, relief and reparation for all affected persons and a national standard for payment of compensation to the victims. The Bill also seeks to put in place mechanisms that can make the administrative and criminal justice system work as it should, free from favour or bias or malafide intent. Monitoring and grievance redressal will be the responsibility of the National Authority for Communal Harmony, Justice and Reparation (NACHJR) and corresponding State Authorities for Communal Harmony, Justice and Reparations (SACHJR). Their mandate is to ensure that public functionaries act to prevent and control communal and targeted violence and also that public servants ensure victims have access to justice and reparation when violence occurs.Unless the UPA government builds so-called \"consensus\" by dropping the provisions unpalatable to BJP/Sangh parivar, there is little likelihood of the Communal and Targeted Violence Bill being enacted by Parliament. So, till the 2014 general elections, the Congress seems poised to dilly-dally on this Bill.(The writer is a member of Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16907852", "title": "Fake income certificate racket busted", "text": "BHANDARA: Sub-divisional officer (SDO) and tehsildar of Bhandara have busted a racket involved in making fake income certificates and caste certificates. Police have registered offence after receiving complaint in this regard. No arrest has been made so far.The racket was unearthed last week after an application for non-creamy layer certificate was put up before the naib tehsildar. During verification, the clerk concerned found the authorized signature and the seal on the income certificate to be suspicious.When the matter came up before the SDO and the tehsildar, they too found the seal and signature on the certificate to be forged. The application had no mention of the applicant's address. On probing the matter further, it was revealed that nearly 300 fake income certificates were submitted in alleged connivance with non-licenced document writers who sit outside the tehsil office compound. They have abandoned the place after the police complaint. It is learnt, the fake certificates were issued for Rs400.When contacted, SDO Vinod Harkande said that they have lodged criminal complaint against those involved. \"The number of fake certificates may go up and name of those involved in the racket will be revealed after police investigation,\" he said.It has been learnt that one Siddhartha Uike of village Amgaon (Dighori) is one of the masterminds of the racket. Similarly, Reliance run SETU center and SETU center Ambadi personnel are also involved in the crime, it is learnt that fake caste certificate are also issued by the gang.A similar racket was busted in 2009. Accused were arrested and criminal cases filed against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-22"}
