{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960051", "title": "Afghan hurt in cafe brawl", "text": "NEW DELHI: A major fight at a restaurant, Afghani Durbar, in Lajpat Nagar's Central Market turned ugly late night on Thursday after which a large number of police officers were deployed in the area.A customer had an argument with an Afghan national inside the restaurant. The customer was reportedly accompanied by a group which started beating the Afghani youth.The victim reportedly apologized to the person but accused people still damaged the restaurant and gathered in numbers there.An eyewitness said that several people started pelting stones at the restaurant and police officers, who came there, were standing as mute spectators. The police later took two people with them but did not leave any personnel outside the restaurant. The mob again started pelting stones at the restaurant. The situation was tense and all staff of the police station was sent near the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960217", "title": "Digging to start at Mandi House", "text": "NEW DELHI: Work on the extension of the Central Secretariat Metro line to Kashmere Gate seems to be getting back on track. On Thursday, the Delhi Metro lowered the tunnel boring machine at the Mandi House construction site, a fillip for the corridor which has seen work slowed down due to the controversy over the Akbarabadi mosque.\"This tunnel boring machine will be assembled beneath the ground before beginning the tunneling towards the upcoming ITO station on the 9.37km long Central Secretariat - Kashmere Gate corridor. The length will be 700m,\" said the DMRC spokesperson.The tunnel will open in front of the proposed ITO station, said officials. Work on the heritage line, as the extension is popularly called, has been delayed. Construction of some of stations like Delhi Gate, Jama Masjid and Kashmere Gate is yet to start. The Akbarabadi mosque controversy prevented DMRC from carrying out preliminary work at the site, said officials. Sources said DMRC was hoping the land would be returned to it for construction once the controversy had been settled. \"It's a long process, and internally, timelines have already been altered,\" added the source.Meanwhile, construction in the Kashmere Gate station is also pending the approval from NMA. Sources said that the expansion of the existing metro station here would be taken up once the entire heritage line gets approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964175", "title": "Khushbu Thakkar to quit Hongey Judaa Na Hum", "text": "Sony Entertainment Television's newly-launched show, Hongey Judaa Na Hum, has been in the news even before it could hit the tube.The latest development on the show is that actress Khushbu Thakkar, who plays the role of Maria, manager at Muskaan's Cafe, has decided to quit the show as a result of creative differences.The actress, who has not been shooting for almost a week, is currently serving her notice period. Informs a source from the show, \"Khushbu gauged right in the beginning that she wouldn't have much to do as Maria in the show. And soon, she realised that her role has been sidelined and her track has been reduced to almost nothing. She even informed the creative team about it hoping that things would improve but it remained unchanged.Hence, she intimated the production house of her decision to quit the show last month.\"When contacted Khusboo said, \"It's too early to comment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16959069", "title": "I never practised leg spin: Anustup Majumdar", "text": "CHENNAI: East Zone skipper Natraj Behera, who hails from Orissa, wasn't aware that Anustup Majumdar could bowl leg-breaks until Iresh Saxena informed him.Although off-spinner Iresh returned a five-wicket haul, it was his Bengal teammate Majumdar, a top-order batsman, who emerged the unlikely bowling hero as he helped East retain the Duleep Trophy from an unlikely position on Thursday.\"I haven't bowled much in first-class cricket,\" Majumdar told reporters. \"I bowled off-spin in one or two first-class matches, although I began as a leg-spinner and a lower-order batsman in junior cricket. After that things changed a bit. On this wicket we had gone with only one spinner and three seamers, so I tried bowling, and I managed it! Leg-spinners are generally more inconsistent and I hadn't been practising bowling leg-spin. I bowled a good ball, got a wicket (that of Mahesh Rawat ) and my confidence went up.\"While Majumdar turned the match around after his introduction in the 70th over, Iresh, who returned a five-wicket haul, played a big part in the win. \"I knew Anustup bowled leg-spin because I'm also from Kolkata. I told Natraj to give him one of my overs, because I wanted to change ends. I wanted to change ends because I wasn't getting wickets, and I thought there was more purchase from the other end. After Anustup got the wicket, we really came together as a team and started enjoying it more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16961088", "title": "20,000 SSC students underage!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Nearly 20,000 students of class X who have filled forms for appearing in the SSC board have not yet reached the age of 14 years. This is in violation of the state government rule which says that children only five years and above should be given admission in class I.Shockingly, online analysis of the profile of the students revealed that 2,000-odd are only 12 or 13 years old.Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) officials stumbled upon this information by accident as it has mandated that all the forms of students appearing for SSC exams should be filled online. The board has also installed software wherein all the details of a student including his or her age, school, caste, address and other details are fed into the computer so as to create a complete profile.Rules say that only the students who were born on or before September 30, 1998, can appear for SSC exams this time. However, online analysis showed that 20,000-odd students did not meet the criterion of being 14-year-old, indicating that rules were bent for these students to grant admission before the age stipulated by the government.Officer on Special Duty (OSD) of the state board M M Pathan said that the information has sent the alarm bells ringing. \"We will now carry out a complete analysis of which are the schools that violated rules and gave admission to underage students. We also want to find out if these schools are government or privately -run,\" said Pathan.Department officials said that 2,000 students being barely 12 or 13 years also indicates that parents are also party to this violation who seem to be in a hurry to put their children in school and make an academic champion out of him or her.It needs mention that rules stipulate that a child can be admitted in class I only if he or she completes five years of age before August 31 of an academic year.\"My son fell short of the cut-off birth day criteria by a few months but we did not press for rules to be changed. Instead, we got him admitted next year. Most parents are in a hurry to put their children in school which is apparent from their enrolling the child in play schools when they are barely one and half years,\" said Aroma High School principal Bhaskar Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16961612", "title": "Outsourcing sector turns inside-out", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959801", "title": "Frauds wired SSC exam paper", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a replay of last month's cheating incident. Impersonators were caught leaking examination questions via cellphones concealed in undergarments and earphones strapped to their wrists, hidden under customized full-sleeve shirts. This time too, the cheats were appearing for the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) exam being organized by the Government of India. On September 16, police had detected a similar racket and nabbed candidates who had used electronic gadgets to cheat.Azad, a native of Sonipat, Naveen Mann, a resident of Khera Khurd in northwest district and Surendra, a native of Rohtak, Haryana, were arrested from a school in Model Town area of northwest Delhi. \"They were picked up from Government Boys Senior Secondary School in Model Town III. The examination was being conducted at multiple centres,\" said DCP northwest, P Karunakaran.Efforts are on to trace the students who were being impersonated \u2014 their roll numbers are with police \u2014 and the kingpin of the gang running the exam racket. The mastermind , who is allegedly a cop posted with Delhi Police, was functioning from a secret control room and fled after sensing something amiss during his conversation with one of the impersonators.The candidates \u2014 who were reportedly charged between Rs 1-2 lakh each \u2014 were provided with customized checked shirts with microphones stitched to the collar. A wire going through the shirt connected the earphones to a cellphone hidden in the undergarment. The modus operandi was exactly the same as that followed during the earlier incident. The impersonators were supposed to whisper into the mic and leak the question to the kingpin within the first 30 minutes of the exam. Once the candidate was ready to receive the answers, he would put his head down and cough into the earphone.The New Delhi district special staff had got a tip-off about candidates planning to use unfair means to clear the exam. DCP northwest had formed a team which raided the school on Sunday noon. Three cellphones, customized shirts, bluetooth devices, earphones and mics were seized from the trio. A similar racket was busted in Bihar on the same day.On January 10, Delhi Police had cracked an all-India post-graduate medical entrance racket at AIIMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960302", "title": "BJP leaders come to party chief\u2019s rescue", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP continued to show solidarity with Nitin Gadkari on Thursday even as the party president seemed to be avoiding questions from the media after initially declaring that he was ready to face a probe by any agency. Party leaders referred to charges of acquiring disproportionate wealth against Robert Vadra and how no Congress leader had said that the party was open to a probe into these allegations against Sonia's son-in-law.\"He is the only leader to have volunteered for a probe into the allegations against him from any agency, even though these agencies are controlled by them (government)... he is confident that he will not be found guilty,\" senior leader Sushma Swaraj said while addressing a rally in Himachal Pradesh.\"When Congress leaders' faces were blackened, they decided to malign us also and accused our national president Nitin Gadkari,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16964348", "title": "Dengue to subside soon, but be cautious", "text": "LUDHIANA: The winter chill is slowly setting in and the falling temperature is expected to lower dengue cases, say doctors. However, it is necessary to continue taking precautions. According to head of department of medicine at Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) Dr Sandeep Puri.Days may be getting colder but we still receive almost the same number (seven to eight) of suspected dengue patients every day, just like monsoons. It might take a week's time for things to get better.Medical services director Dr G L Avasthi said: There is only a marginal difference in the number of dengue cases. The number has dipped by roughly 10-12%. We see three-four cases of dengue every day and five-six patients suffering from viral fever.Civil surgeon Dr Subhash Batta said, The post-monsoon season favours breeding of the mosquito. It is necessary to take vital measures to stay healthy.a?? Eight dengue patients were confirmed by the civil surgeona's office on Thursday. Out of them, four are from the city and its outskirts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16962874", "title": "Housewife missing since October 11", "text": "PUNE: A 20-year-old housewife from Bibvewadi has been missing since October 11.The woman, Sheetal Gokul Chilwant, left the house that day around 11 am after telling her mother-in-law that she is going to a temple on the Pune-Satara road. Sheetal's husband, Utkarsh Londhe, told TOI that he too went to the temple 15 minutes later, but did not find Sheetal there. \"I rushed to her parents' house, which is located in Bibvewadi, but Sheetal was not there either,\" said Londhe.When Sheetal left the house, she was not carrying her cell phone or money. \"We searched all the places she used to visit, but have failed to find her so far,\" said Londhe.Senior police inspector of Bibvewadi police station Shailendra Shinde said all police stations in the district have been alerted and the search for Sheetal is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959517", "title": "Same old contractors bid for Rs 365 crore road work", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC's plan to attract reputed companies has failed as tenders for road contracts for the western suburbs, amounting to Rs 365 crore, which were opened on Thursday, show that the same old contractors have submitted bids. Not just that, they have quoted 16 to 21% below the schedule price set by the civic body.The BMC\u2014after drawing flak for the poor quality of roads\u2014had come out with stringent tender conditions that smaller contractors will not be able to fulfil. It had also made it mandatory for quality monitoring devices on the contractors' machineries, a criterion which hasn't been fulfilled.In all, seven contractors had come forward to bid for the three tenders. Of them, three have been selected as they were the lowest bidders.The total Rs 365 crore tender includes two tenders to construct cement concrete roads worth Rs 134 crore and Rs 143 crore each. Under the two tenders, 28 cement concrete (CC) roads are to be built in the western suburbs. Besides, there is also an Rs 88 crore tender to re-do over 40 asphalt roads.For the Rs 134 crore CC road contract, the lowest bid has been received by KR Constructions, which quoted 16.20% below the reserve price. Similarly, for the Rs 143 crore contract for CC roads, RPS Infraprojects Ltd, the lowest bidder for the work, has quoted 21.29% below. The Rs 88 crore tenders for asphalt roads have been bagged by Prakash Engineering along with another partner (joint venture) and they have quoted 16.68% below the reserve price.According to civic officials, even if the bids are still below the set quotes for roads in western suburbs, they are up by 5% compared to last year. For asphalt roads, the lowest bid last year was around 20 % below the BMC's price and it was 27% below for CC roads.Civic officials in the road department said that the purpose of recalling the tender and making so many changes has been a futile exercise. \"The tenders will be now sent to the Standing Committee for its approval. After that, work orders will be issued to the contractors. They have to complete work in 8 months, excluding the monsoons,\" said G M Aggarwal, chief engineer, roads.The initial cost of the bulk tender was Rs 388 crore, but a tender worth Rs 23 crore for re-surfacing asphalt roads didn't get any response, as there are several encroachments on the roads concerned. \"We will re-invite tenders for those roads,\" said Aggarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959886", "title": "Aya Nagar pond to get fresh lease of life", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after TOI reported how the waterbody in Aya Nagar had turned into a dumping ground, the civic agencies began cleaning of the site. Officials from the flood and irrigation department and the South corporation visited the site on Thursday.\"Officials from the corporation, flood and irrigation department, and block development office in Saket, visited the site after the TOI report. Since the truck-loads of garbage cannot be picked up manually and need super sucker machines to clean the spot, the officials have ordered to penalize the contractor as well. According to the officials, there were queries and instructions from the chief minister's office as well, and they have been asked to prepare a report and table it,\" said Ved Pal, president, Aya Nagar RWA.According to the area residents, they had been taking rounds to the office of DDA, flood and irrigation department, and South corporation for months but to no avail. \"It has been a year since we have been running from pillar to post to get things changed. But it was only after TOI highlighted the situation that the civic officials paid a visit to the site. We can't ask media to get basic things done every time. Why can't the civic bodies get their act together?\" asked Raj Yadav, a resident of the area.Officials of agencies concerned are likely to meet on Friday and fix the responsibility of maintaining water bodies to a private contractor.\"There is no proper drainage in the area and all sewage enters this plot. The locals are also responsible for the condition of the waterbody as they dump their household waste directly into the pond, thereby reducing its water levels,\" said a senior official of South corporation. Fumigation also took place in the area on Thursday. \"To curb the breeding of mosquito, the corporation staff fumigated the area,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "16964693", "title": "BrandScan will begin today", "text": "MANIPAL: Management students of TA Pai Management Institute (Tapmi) will get hands-on experience on marketing. They will market products of a dozen companies at shopping malls in Mangalore, Manipal and in villages of Kundapur taluk in Udupi as part of BrandScan, a four-day market research fair. The event will kick start here on Friday.Tapmi has been organizing the event for the past 20 years. Specialty of this edition of BrandScan is students will visit rural areas to conduct research on consumer behaviour of villagers.Tapmi branding and promotions director Chowdari Prasad said the companies will give their products with different marketing objectives. Students will have to setup stalls in shopping malls and in different places to market those products, and conduct market research and analysis.\"At the valedictory of the event, students will submit a report on demand for various products and about consumer needs,\" he added. Contests such as ladies quiz, Mr Biker - a performance of bike stunts by motorcyclists, Stand-up Comic - a one-hour laughter show by Kannada stand-up comedian Raghu Pandeshwar, show and others will be held as part of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962323", "title": "Jaspal Bhatti died a day before son's debut film release", "text": "On Sunday, celebrated filmmaker Yash Chopra breathed his last, three weeks before his directorial Jab Tak Hai Jaan could hit theatres. Four days later comes news of the demise of Jaspal Bhatti - the man who popularised satire as a form of social protest - just one day before his film Power Cut starring his son Jasraj opens to audiences nation-wide.Bhatti (57), died in a road accident at 1.30am on Thursday. He was travelling from Bhatinda to Jalandhar along with Jasraj and Suril Gautam (Yami Gautam's sister) for the promotions of his film.Talking to TOI Bhatti's close friend Darshan Bagga (Punjabi film actor) said, \"They were travelling together and there was a sharp curve ahead that they didn't quite see. Their car hit a tree and Jaspal, who was sitting in the front seat next to Jasraj, suffered severe head injuries. He died on the spot.\"Compounding the tragedy is the fact that Jasraj makes his acting debut with Power Cut. Said Bagga, \"Jaspal was so excited and proud of the film. He was just waiting for Friday. He wanted to see his son on the big screen.How can fate be so cruel?\" Indeed on October 21, Bhatti had posted on a social networking website, \"Do watch the first day first show of Power Cut movie this Friday.\"The cops took Jaspal's body from the scene of the accident to a nearby hospital even as Jasraj and Suril followed suit, hoping he might survive. \"But they declared Jaspal dead as soon as the body was wheeled into the hospital. Jasraj was in a state of shock. He couldn't bring himself to speak to his mother (Savita Bhatti) till long after the doctors confirmed Jaspal had passed away,\" said Bagga.Bhatti graduated from Punjab Engineering College, Chandigarh, as an electrical engineer. He was known for his street plays during his college days. He worked as a cartoonist for The Tribune in Chandigarh before foraying into television. His television series Ulta Pulta and Flop Show broadcast on Doordarshan in the 80s and 90s re-wrote the rules of small screen entertainment. However, Bhatti wasn't too comfortable in the Hindi film industry.Sagar Bellary, who worked with him in Hum Tum Aur Shaban a said, \"He would forget his lines and forced me to do several takes. While I lost a lot of raw stock, it was worth it just because of the warmth, wit and masti he brought into his cameo. I feel Bollywood didn't really recognise his talents.\"Boney Kapoor , who cast Bhatti in two of his films, is shocked. \"What was refreshing about Jaspal was that unlike many other comic actors, he never tried to be funny all the time. Once the camera was off, he was a sober suave gentleman and a good conversationalist,\" he said.Veteran actor Kader Khan who played Jaspal's best friend in the Rishi Kapoor directed Aa Ab Laut Chalen, has fond memories of him. \" Bahut lajaawab aadmi they. Ek aur saathi chala gaya. This year, we've had so many losses,\" said Khan.Divya Dutta , who hosted a comedy show with Bhatti, and met his wife Savita just a week ago, can't believe he's gone.\"Yash and Bhatti, two of the finest people I worked with, gone within a week... Just the other day, his wife told me Bhatti sends a big 'Hi' to you. And now this...,\" she trailed off.After the post-mortem in Civil Hospital in Jalandhar, Bhatti was cremated in Chandigarh yesterday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16963258", "title": "Marginal decline in onion prices", "text": "NASHIK: The average wholesale onion prices in various APMCs ( Agriculture Produce Market Committee) in Nashik district on Thursday declined marginally by around Rs 100 per quintal as compared to the prices on Tuesday.The average wholesale onion prices in APMCs in Nashik district were recorded in the range of Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,015 a quintal, against the range of Rs 1,100 to Rs 1,125.The average wholesale prices in Lasalgaon APMC declined by Rs 110 to Rs 1,015 per quintal on Thursday, against Rs 1,125 a quintal on Tuesday. In Pimpalgaon APMC, the average wholesale prices declined by Rs 25 to Rs 1,100 a quintal on Thursday, against Rs1,125 a quintal on Tuesday. In Yeola APMC, the average wholesale onion prices declined by Rs 100 to Rs 1,000 a quintal on Thursday, against Rs1,100 a quintal on Tuesday.In Umrane sub-APMC, the average wholesale onion prices declined by Rs 150 to 1,050 a quintal on Thursday, against Rs 1,200 a quintal on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959994", "title": "Jindal goes public with \u2018extortion CD\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jindal Steel chairman Naveen Jindal on Thursday accused TV channel Zee of \"extortion'' and \"blackmail'' for allegedly demanding Rs 100 crore worth of advertisements in lieu of blanking out negative reports.Earlier, Jindal's Jindal Steel and Power Limited (JSPL) had lodged an FIR on October 2 against Zee executives, Sudhir Chaudhary and Samir Ahluwalia, for alleged extortion, and had backed up his charge with 90 minutes of video recordings of an alleged sting on them.Addressing a press conference on Thursday, Jindal said that he had been forced to go public with the \"expose'' because of the channel's relentless \"propaganda'' against his company. Jindal alleged that Zee News editor Choudhary and Zee Business editor Samir Ahluwalia had met executives from JSPL to suggest that they would stop the campaign over the allocation of coal blocks to JPSL if company committed to pay Rs 20 crore to the TV channel in advertizing revenue. They subsequently hiked the demand to 100 crore, Jindal alleged.He screened the CD of the \"sting\" on the two Zee channel heads allegedly asking for money for more \"positive coverage\" as supporting proof.The charge was rejected by Chaudhary and Ahluwalia, who issued a statement to \"condemn\" and \"reject\" the CD. \"We see this as a deliberate attempt to malign and to defame us... We see the attempt today by Naveen Jindal to come out with a video as a deliberate attempt to not only suppress us but also silence the growing demand for an independent probe in the Coalgate scam.''They asserted their channel would not be deterred by \"diversionary tactic'' adopted by Jindal and JSPL, and would continue to report on the Rs 1.86 lakh crore Coalgate scam.Recounting events at the press conference on Thursday, Jindal accused Zee of telecasting factually incorrect and defamatory stories from September 7 to 13. Jindal said that executives of the two companies met between September 13 and 19. \"During this time there were no stories on JSPL. The channel kept pressuring us to give them a cheque. Dabaav dal rahe the ki aapki badnaami karte rahenge (We were under pressure that if we did not pay up Zee would continue to defame us),'' he said.Jindal said that faced with the persistent \"blackmail\" and \"extortion\", the company decided to expose them. \"We felt that we should expose them (Zee).''\"Our firm has been in business for 40 years and had never received a blackmail threat like this,\" alleged Jindal.The press conference was repeatedly interrupted by a Chhattisgarh-based RTI activist Ramesh Agrawal, who alleged being victimized by the Jindal group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959635", "title": "Husband, in-laws booked in Kandivli suicide case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kandivli police have registered a case of abetment against the husband and in-laws of Kritika Patel who had jumped to her death from the 18th floor of a highrise on Monday, after pushing off her two-year-old daughter, Jaini, to death. No arrests have been made in the case.\"We have registered a case of abetment and dowry harassment against Kritika's husband, Kaushal, and her in-laws, Ramaben, Gopalbhai and Tanvi. The case was lodged on the basis of Kritika's father's statement,\" said a police official. \"Kritika's father has said that the accused were demanding dowry from the deceased for the interior decoration work of their flat at Roopnagar society, which was under redevelopment\"Kritika had left behind a suicide note in Gujarati in which she specifically stated that her husband and in-laws were not to be held responsible for her death. She added that she was taking the drastic step as she wasn't able to make anyone happy. Kritika, her husband, daughter and in-laws were residing at Shankar Lane till their flat at Roopnagar society is ready. Jaini was the couple's only child.The accused have been booked under sections 498 (A), 306, 406, 34 of IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16964708", "title": "Need a transparent system to appoint VCs, says Ravi", "text": "MANGALORE: Appointment of vice-chancellors to state universities, except in a couple of cases, has raised eyebrows and bred resentment among academicians. While propriety demands that the governor, who is the chancellor of universities, appoints VCs in consultation with the state government, this has not been the case in connection with appointments to at least seven state universities, including Mangalore, feels CT Ravi, minister for higher education.Ravi in an informal chat with TOI here said there is need to bring in a transparent system for the appointment of VCs.\"Appointments should be free from caste and monetary consideration,\" Ravi said. VCs should be appointed based on their merit and administrative and academic qualifications.Sources in the education department privy to manner in which VCs have been appointed in recent past say the governor barring the case of appointment of HB Walikar as VC of Karnatak University has concurred with choice presented to him by the government. \"Even TC Shivashankara Murthy was appointed as VC of Mangalore University with government's concurrence not withstanding their initial opposition to him,\" the sources pointed.It was the government's nominee who made it to the coveted post in case of Gulbarga, Tumkur, Bangalore (N Prabhu Dev), Mysore, and Kuvempu, sources said. In case of all new universities set up in the recent past including Rani Channamma, Davangere, Bellary, the government has the say in appointing the first VC to such universities and only the issue of appointment of their respective successor will come before the governor.The search committee shall submit to the state government a panel of three persons who are eminent academicians in the alphabetical order. The state government shall forward the panel to the chancellor who shall keeping in view merit, equity, and social justice and with the concurrence of the government appoint one person from the panel as the VC.Provided that the chancellor may with the concurrence of the state government call for a second panel if he considers it necessary and the search committee shall submit a second panel which shall be final. - Section 14 (4) of Karnataka State Universities Act, 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16961290", "title": "Neighbours and activists came to rescue of Bhavesh", "text": "MUMBAI: For years, Hansaben Parmar tried to negotiate her way through red tape and legalese to secure the release of her only son Bhavesh from Lahore Central Jail. But she was invariably occluded by the labyrinthine bureaucracy. Her campaign picked up momentum in February this year when a meeting with Vile Parle MLA Krishna Hegde snowballed into an international campaign involving lawyers , activists, politicians and media personnel on both sides of the border.Eight months later, sentence served, Bhavesh was reunited with 57-year-old Hansaben on Thursday afternoon. Hegde took her to Wagah border near Amritsar to receive her son. It was he who had brought the matter to the attention of MP Priya Dutt who, in turn, approached external affairs minister S M Krishna for intervention.A cluster of people here and abroad helped bring Bhavesh's plight to the fore. Journalist-activist Jatin Desai secured a power of attorney from Bhavesh's uncle to engage advocate Awais Sheikh to represent him in Pakistan. \"It is not possible to get things moving unless you have a lawyer to take up the case there. I later lobbied with the foreign affairs and home ministries in India and Pakistan,\" said Desai.Awais Sheikh, who is also fighting for Sarabjit Singh, approached the courts in Pakistan with the matter. As recently as last week, he filed a writ petition seeking Bhavesh's release. In the UK, lawyer Jas Uppal shot off letters to both governments.In all this, the grassroots contribution of Hansaben's neighbours in Kamla Terrace building in Vile Parle remained integral. \"There are two families that receive and relay emails for me since I neither own a computer nor am I tech-savvy . One of them calls out updates from the balcony while the other gives me printouts every Saturday when I visit his office,\" Hansaben had informed TOI. An elderly gentleman helped write letters to the authorities and accompanied her everywhere , from Mantralaya to politicians' offices and television studios in New Delhi. Thursday's reunion brought happiness to them all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965744", "title": "Smoking ups death risk in stroke survivors", "text": "Stroke survivors who smoke are at greater risk of additional strokes, heart attack or death than those who never smoked, according to new research.Those who quit smoking before their stroke also had less risk of poorer outcomes than current smokers, researchers found.Researchers in Melbourne , Australia, tracked 1,589 patients who experienced a first or recurrent stroke in 1996-99. They followed them for 10 years, using medical records and in-person and telephone interviews, and tracked demographics, deaths, recurrent strokes and heart attacks.They found that compared to those who never smoked, those who smoked when they had a stroke were 30 per cent more likely to have a poor outcome.Among those who survived the first 28 days after stroke, current smokers had a 42 per cent higher risk of poorer outcomes.Ex-smokers had an 18 per cent higher risk of poorer outcomes.\"This research provides fresh incentive to quit smoking now or never start because it shows smokers fare far worse after strokes than non-smokers,\" said Amanda Thrift, Ph.D., the study's lead researcher and professor of epidemiology for the Department of Medicine in the Southern Clinical School at Monash University in Clayton, Victoria , Australia.In the study, those living in disadvantaged areas were much more likely to smoke, with 52 per cent of current smokers belonging to the most disadvantaged group, compared to 31 per cent of those who never smoked.The results were published in the American Heart Association's journal Stroke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962922", "title": "CICR training cotton scientists from 6 African nations", "text": "NAGPUR: City-based Central Institute for Cotton Research (CICR) is conducting a fortnight long training on modern cotton production technology for 32 participants from six African countries. This in keeping with Indian government's commitment to cotton growing African countries made during May 2011 India-Africa summit In Ethiopia.It is a part of the much bigger 'Technical Assistance Programme' headed by Infrastructure Leasing &amp; Financial Services Ltd (IL&FSL;) that aims at not just increasing cotton productivity in these African nations but also for technology transfer and capacity building of government officials, producers, production technologies, scientists, entrepreneurs and professionals under the aegis of Ministry of Commerce, Ministry of Agriculture and Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR).The six countries are Benin, Burkina Faso, Chad , Uganda, Nigeria and Malawi. CICR director Keshav Kranthi told TOI that per hectare productivity of cotton in these countries was very low. Also, they do not have any processing industries and mostly export cotton in raw form. India promised them assistance in capacity building as they had approached World Trade Organisation finding it tough to compete with developed countries where cotton gets huge subsidies.Head of crop production division and the course coordinator of TAP at CICR, Blaise Desouza said that the entire programme was divided into two parts. The upstream programme involved training from sowing to harvest being handled by CICR and the downstream programme included all post-harvest steps like ginning, spinning, fibre, yarn and fabric to valued addition which would be handled by Mumbai-based Central Institute Research on Cotton Technology (CIRCOT) with a part at Ginning Training Centre at Nagpur. Department of Cotton Development (DOCD) would be helping in extension and IL&FS; development.Djoitanau Yannick, a participant from Chad, felt that African countries stood to benefit from India, especially because they had the similar environmental conditions and weather. \"India is an interesting country with a very high research standard. Most of our cotton is cultivated in rainfed areas. So we have lots to learn from India,\" he said. Yannick said unlike India African countries did not grow Bt cotton. \"We just have two varieties since 1997-98. Our production is around 150-200kg lint per hectare. Training in cultivation and processing will be of immense help,\" he added.Another participant Damilola Emmanuel Eniaiyeju, a plant scientist from Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development in Nigeria, said knowledge of latest research and development in cotton in India would help African countries switch to newer equipment and infrastructure in cultivation and processing.The training programme at CICR, besides imparting latest information in genetically modified (GM) cotton, conservative agriculture, seed production and processing, GM detection, organic cotton, integrated water management, pest management, market assisted breeding, resistance management, harvesting and post-harvesting techniques also includes hands on training and field trips to Ankur Seeds Pvt Ltd, Neri Farm and Laboratory as well seed processing unit at Waigaon, visit to Bajaj Steel Industries, makers of ginning machines, visit to organic cotton farms near Wardha and visit to the Bapu Kuti and Ashram at Sewagram.Need for African cotton growing countries to update their technologyPer hectare productivity is very low.Productivity decreased by almost 10% in last five years.Almost no post harvest processing- only raw cotton exported.No or negligible subsidies on cotton production (especially compared to that in USA).Majority cotton grown in rainfed areas.African countries do not grow Bt cotton as yet (law doesn't permit it still to grow GM crops).Just two varieties are grown.No research to increase the productivity either through improved technology or better varieties.No competitive ability to compete in global market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959608", "title": "Purti leaves Munirka man hassled", "text": "NEW DELHI: Balwan Singh Tokas is a worried man. Three years ago, the 52-year-old resident of Munirka \u2014 a village in South Delhi which shot to national fame when one of its residents Khazan Singh captured two gold medals in the 1982 Asiad \u2014 started getting letters from the income tax department relating to investments made by five companies registered at his address.Only, he had never heard of these companies ever. Tokas lives in a dingy labyrinthine bylane of the village and lives off the rental income from a four-storeyed house in the locality marked by a sizeable concentration of students and single professionals, particularly from the northeast. Tokas had no clue what the I-T department was asking him. His puzzlement turned into real worry when it turned out that the companies registered at his place were all investors in Purti Power and Sugar Ltd founded by BJP chief Nitin Gadkari .Not willing to take any chances, Tokas has now decided to lodge a formal complaint with the police about what he calls clear \"forgery\".According to documents filed by Purti with the Registrar of companies, five companies \u2014 King Buildwell Pvt Ltd, Newage Infrawell Pvt Ltd, Nirman Infratech Pvt Ltd, Advent IT Solutions and Fast Buildwell Pvt Ltd \u2014 own stakes in Purti through a multi-layered investment structure. All these companies are registered at 189, Balwan Singh Tokas, Near Moti Bara Choupal, Munirka Village, P.O. JNU, New Delhi - 110067.While finding this address in Munirka's maze is no easy task, the place has nothing to show for five companies running from its premises. Except for the second floor, where Tokas lives with his family, all other floors are rented out to students and professionals.Tokas, who has never been gainfully employed by his own admission, vehemently denied having anything to do with these companies or, for that matter, any company in the world.\"Three years ago, we started getting these letters from I-T department about these companies. I do not understand these things. So I asked my son who is a college student. He said it was clear from the I-T letters that someone had used our documents to register these companies. These letters kept coming for a couple of more years. But since we had nothing to do with them, we ignored the issue then,\" Tokas said.The family is now scared that their name may be dragged into some kind of controversy for no fault of theirs and wants to lodge a police complaint. \"We learnt of Nitin Gadkari's case through TV. But we had no knowledge that these companies were in any way connected to him. The biggest business I have ever owned is a small grocery store. We do not want to get into any unnecessary trouble and will approach the police for this. We will lodge a complaint of forgery against these companies,\" Tokas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960114", "title": "Central Board of Secondary Education panel to have students", "text": "NEW DELHI: For the first time in its history, students from schools affiliated to the CBSE, will get a chance to participate, express their opinion and give inputs during course committees' periodic meetings. The CBSE has decided to include a student nominee in its course committees.The Central Board of Secondary Education has course committees for all its courses including vocational subjects. Each committee is reconstituted every three years. The committee discusses, debates, collects various inputs and ideas related to subject disciplines and reviews them to suit the needs of its students, parents and society.The course committees constituted for major subjects will now have a student representative. These students, who have passed out of Class XII in March, 2012, based on their performance and in consultation with the schools, are being nominated by CBSE. The board is confident that the student nominees will actively contribute towards the development of its courses. The CBSE also considers the involvement of students in framing the syllabus essential, since the nominees will have a clear understanding of the future prospects of the subject along with the limitations.The course committee consists of professors from universities, experts from National Council of Educational Research and Training ( NCERT), teachers and subject experts from Kendriya Vidyalaya Sanghatan, private and public schools and practicing teachers.\"We wish to make the courses and syllabus more inclusive and application-based. Since, the course and syllabus prepared by committees is to be followed by students; we will hear their voice. The inputs given by the students will help in designing the courses better,\" said Vineet Joshi, chairman, CBSE.Inputs from students, one for each of the major subjects is expected to contribute to various aspects of the particular subject. The CBSE plans to use these inputs for improving the subject content and syllabus of the courses concerned.The board is keen to understand the trends amongst students regarding the scope of the major subjects it offers as well as their link with the university/vocational degrees in India and abroad. This will help improve the Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) - based educational system initiated by the CBSE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16964714", "title": "Traffic banned tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: Traffic movement will be banned on Oddida Kala - Shanthigudda stretch on Surathkal - Bajpe Road from 6am to 6pm on Saturday to facilitate the shifting of electrical lines and extending power connections to new units of Mangalore Special Economic Zone Limited (MSEZL). Deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda has issued a ban order based on the request from MSEZL authorities. The work of installation of new 220kV electrical line between Kemar and Kavoor is at the finishing stage. MSEZ had requested the DC that the stretch should be closed when units there are provided power supply from the new 220 kv line.Accordingly, the DC has banned the traffic movement under the provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act.Vehicles on the stretch should take diversion via Bajpe, Porkody, Jokatte and Kalavaru on the day. The police department has been directed to put necessary sign boards on the road, DC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16961022", "title": "Indians look to make the most of 'home' circuit", "text": "NEW DELHI: What's in store for all that is 'Indian' at the Indian Grand Prix?If one looks back at 2011, Adrian Sutil's ninth place was the best that Sahara Force India could manage at the Buddh International Circuit while his teammate failed to win any point, finishing 13th. There were no expectations of points from the only Indian driver in the race, Narain Karthikeyan , who finished 17th. Nothing much has changed this year.In fact, Karthikeyan and HRT have fallen a little behind this season and the Chennai driver will take that 17th place with a big smile this time around. \"People in India ask me again and again whether we can get into points. The more realistic result is to try and better the 17th place finish last year. On pace though, we are no better than 20th or 21st. We have a new rear wing for India and hopefully it will work. We'll gain some top speed and the long straight here should help,\" Karthikeyan told TOI.Sahara Force India have the capability of producing the biggest cheer for the Indian fans. The only Indian team on the grid, Force have not finished among points in the last five races and are aiming to reduce the gap with sixthplaced Sauber.\"The year has panned out very well so far. There were initial hiccups in the first four races but we are much more comfortable in the car now,\" Nico Hulkenberg told TOI.Hulkenberg's teammate Di Resta feels a podium for the Indian team is not too far away. \"We are very close to a podium finish. The safety car after Narain's accident cost us a podium in Singapore . The team is working towards becoming a front-runner,\" Di Resta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965262", "title": "Billa 2 villain Vidyut is a true blue action hero!", "text": "Currently being shot in Punjab, Commando is believed to showcase stunts unlike anything that has been seen on the Indian screen. And Billa 2 villain Vidyut has performed some amazing stunts.A production insider reveals, \"Vipul (Shah) has been very involved and enthusiastic about the film and the film is touted to touch a whole new level of action with stunts and sequences that will take audiences by storm. Also, the fact that this film will see lead actor Vidyut Jammwal perform them himself without any harness or cables is one of the reasons why the film has already been gathering so much buzz within the industry.\"In addition to being the daredevil and performing his stunts sans any support, Vidyut is also believed to be designing his own stunts. \"Vidyut has been working closely with the stunt team that has been flown in especially from South Africa for the film. This South African team is believed to have worked on some of large format Hollywood action flicks with the likes of Tom Cruise , Daniel Craig , Matt Damon , etc. The stunt director and Vidyut have been working closely together to design the stunts and ensure that every stunt creates a thrill unlike anything else seen on the Indian screen. His extensive martial arts background gives Vidyut a very strong understanding and expertise in the action and stunt space as a result of which he certainly has the vision and the ability to make the impact of a stunt truly mind boggling. He has trained across different parts of the world and has been exposed to various international martial arts forms owing to which his design based inputs have been very useful in taking a stunt to a whole new level. He went to Punjab a week prior to his shoot schedule to design the stunts with the Australian team, practiced them himself with his team to ensure that they look fantastic when shot,\" reveals the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16960214", "title": "Haldia's loss is Odisha port's gain", "text": "KOLKATA: Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT)'s effort to get shippers to transload dry bulk cargo from mother vessels at the anchorage in the Sandheads suffered a major setback on Thursday after a ship, loaded with nearly 74,000 tonne of imported coal for National Thermal Power Corporation, decided to sail to the private port of Dhamra in Odisha.The MV Stx Mutiara, anchored at the Sandheads since October 12, was paying $20,000 a day as demurrage for the last 12 days. In addition to this, NTPC will have to bear the expense of transporting the coal by rail from Dhamra to Farakka.Though transloading of coal (transferring cargo to smaller ships or barges) started soon after the MV Stx Mutiara dropped anchor, the Directorate General of Shipping stopped the operation as the barges used didn't possess the requisite certificates to operate at sea.\"This was an unfortunate incident. The Haldia Dock Complex (HDC), which is already facing a crisis, lost 74,000 tonnes of cargo. It will also send out a wrong message to importers. Transloading is the future of HDC and we are already planning barge jetties for this. This was a clear case of poor planning by the agency handling transloading. They should have known what class of barges to use. They didn't even seek permission from the port,\" a KoPT source said.\"We can't say why the shipping agent didn't use the right barges. This faux pas will come as a shot in the arm for Dhamra port. Private ports along Odisha's coast had raised objections when KoPT proposed to carry out transloading operations at the Kanika Sands. The Odisha government took up the matter on behalf of the private ports and the matter is now pending in Supreme Court,\" a KoPT official said.The coal was headed for NTPC's power plants at Farakka and Kahalgaon. Given the load it was bearing, MV Stx Mutiara couldn't enter HDC and the next nearest port that could handle such a ship is Dhamra. A source in NTPC said the incident would have no impact on the company's preparations to use inland waterways to transport an additional 3 million tonne of thermal coal from January. It has already tied-up with barge operators and a jetty is being built at Farakka. A transloader will also be placed at the Sandheads for this.There may not have been any trouble with transloading from MV Stx Mutiara had the shipping agent used MS (or marine class) barges instead of IV (or inland class) ones. IV barges have permission to operate only in the inland waterways and go up to Sagar Island. MS barges can operate at sea and have master mariners on board. To go up to the Sandheads, the MS barges - which have sophisticated communication and life-saving equipment on board - need the help from pilots who are supplied by the port. According to a source in the directorate general of shipping, Mohun Bagan - I, Mohun Bagan - II, Mohun Bagan - III and Sparkle - I, sent to the Sandheads for transloading, are all inland barges and don't possess the qualifications to go up to the Sandheads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16964083", "title": "Govt flooded with RTIs on Yeddyurappa", "text": "HUBLI: More than 15 months after he resigned as chief minister, B S Yeddyurappa is still popular among Right to Information (RTI) applicants. A case in point is the number of RTI queries Yeddyurappa is attracting at the RTI cell in Dharwad, the home town of chief minister Jagadish Shettar. Questions raised by opposition leaders on the amount of the government money spent on the mutts, temples and travels of Yeddyurappa are now being sought by his supporters and rivals among others. The RTI cell located in the deputy commissioner's office in Dharwad is flooded with applications seeking information on the \"generous\" donations made by the former CM to mutts and temples during his tenure.And interestingly, most of these queries have reportedly come from supporters of chief minister Jagadish Shettar, who he fell out with recently. S G Tikare, an official at RTI Cell, said most people have applied to seek information about what Yeddyurappa doled out to religious institutions. The RTI cell in the DC office have received about 209 applications between April and October this year, out of these 80 % applications relate to Yeddyurappa, he added.From farmers to college students to advocates, the new-age Kejriwals are increasingly filing applications under RTI especially after Yeddyurappa made known his plans of launching a new outfit on December 10 in Haveri. \"It could be a strategy by his supporters to make know the vote banks about his generous donations to mutts. And it could well be a tactic of Yeddyurappa's rivals to expose him,'' a senior party functionary said.It's just not about his generosity to Lingayat mutts alone. The applicants have also sought information about the use of helicopters to attend political functions and his spending on tours to attend public and political functions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16964654", "title": "Rajasthan International folk festival begins", "text": "JODHPUR: Rajasthan International Folk Festival (RIFF), the only experimental folk music festival in the world providing platform to folk musicians of India and abroad, kicks off here on Friday with the unfurling its first public performance of \"Didgeridoo\" instrument by international harmonica artist Mark Atkins at the historical Clock Tower (Ghantaghar).\"This will be the first public performance by Atkins in India and Jodhpurites are lucky to witness this rare instrument, they might not have even heard,\" said Divya Bhatia, director of Jodhpur RIFF. He said to open the festival with a public performance of some exquisite but not commonly heard or seen art is aimed at sensitizing the people of the city and build up an audience.Started on a small experimental note to bring the Rajasthan and international folk artists on common plartfrom, this five-day music festival RIFF, organized jointly by the Jaipur Virasat Foundation and Mehrangarh Museum Trust, has become synonymous with Jodhpur identity.Director of the trust, Karni Singh Jasol, said it is a festival of Jodhpur for the artists to the artists by the artists. \"We have tried to bring out and promote those art forms, which are not so popular. In the past six years, since its inception, the popularity of this festival has transcended the border and has attracted music connoisseurs from across the globe,\" Jasol said.RIFF, this year again, has endeavoured to introduce some rare folk music art from far off places like Australia, Netherlands, Turkey, Ireland, Scotland and Sri Lanka. \"The audience will have an incredible ensemble of artists from different origins and art forms performing together representing different communities. We have Bhopa Bhopi, Kalbeliya, Quawwali and Maand performances along with traditional Rajasthani instrumental show of Tandura, Bhapang, Morchang, Dholak, Khartal and devotional and folk music by famous yogies and Langa-Manganiyar, who will be presenting awe-inspiring \"jugalbandi\" of their art with those from foreign origin,\" Bhatia said.The festival has been immaculately designed in terms of combination of art, venue and time with a view to give the audience an absolute timeless feel of absorption. \"We have chosen about a dozen different locations in and out of the Mehrangarh Fort for every performance like the 'Desert Lounge', in which, Rajasthani artists will be performing at Rao Jodha Park in the vicinity of the fort at midnight to give the audience an unusual full moon lit rustic experience with no tech knick-knacks,\" Bhatia added.The festival will also have interactive sessions to discuss the folk instruments like Chang, Nagada, Dhol and Khartal every noon from October 27 to 29. Besides, magic, puppet, jugglery shows and folk dances like Kachhi Ghodi and Bahrupiya among others will also be organized at the Nehru Garden to associate the children with the festival and sensitize them towards the traditional entertainment forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16964124", "title": "India-Korea Davis Cup tie to be held in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: India have decided to host their February 1 to 3 Davis Cup tie against Korea in the national capital.\"Since it is a home tie, the All India Tennis Association has decided to hold the tie in New Delhi at the R K Khanna Tennis Stadium from February 1 to 3,\" the AITA said in a press release on Friday.India are seeded fourth in Asia/Oceania Group I while Australia have got the top billing in the eight-team pool.India had retained their place in Group I after routing New Zealand 5-0 in the play-off tie in Chandigarh last month.The last time India played South Korea was in 2006 when they lost 1-4 in the away tie. South Korea suffered a crushing 0-5 defeat against Australia in Brisbane in their previous tie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16963025", "title": "National Institute of Virology to develop dengue antiviral with international group", "text": "PUNE: In the absence of specific treatment for dengue fever, the city-based National Institute of Virology has collaborated with an international initiative to pool resources and scientific information to accelerate development of an antiviral therapy for the disease. At present, the treatment is aimed only at relieving symptoms.\"The International consortium on anti-virals (ICAV) announced the launch of a new initiative, ICAV-India, in February this year. Its aim is to develop an antiviral therapy for India and Canada. The NIV's role is to test the shortlisted candidates (drug molecules) for their effect against the virus,\" said A C Mishra, director, NIV.Senior scientist Cecilia Dayaraj, who heads the dengue research group at NIV, said, \"The other aspect the NIV is working on is to identify additional targets for antiviral strategies by delineating cellular components essential for the virus to replicate with emphasis on the trafficking of viral proteins. To date the proteases, the viral polymerase, kinases, etc have been targeted with promising results, but there is no product as yet.\"Studies in India are at an exploratory stage and very few groups are working on developing antiviral therapies to treat dengue. \"They are looking at derivatives from plants and synthesised compounds. The NIV's approach has been to purify the derivatives from the medicinal plants known to India, characterise them and test thousands of compounds against dengue virus and other Flaviviruses too,\" Dayaraj said.The NIV along with National Chemical Laboratory had a few months ago initiated a study on development of anti-dengue drug from natural medicinal plants available in the country. \"That was the only study initiated, but it had to be discontinued due to technical reasons,\" Dayaraj said. Some of the plants that were found to be useful for developing dengue antivirals are neem, red seaweed and fingerroot (Chinese ginger), Dayaraj added.Asked how the development of dengue vaccine, which is expected to arrive by 2015, would influence research on development of dengue antiviral, Dayaraj said, \"If repurposed drugs are found to be effective against all dengue virus serotypes during clinical trials, there is comparatively less hassle in getting it into the market compared to vaccines. The year 2015 may well be the projected year for vaccine. However, it should be clear that antiviral drugs are not a replacement for vaccines and vice versa.\"The main objective of the ICAV initiative is to forge international collaborative programmes, especially with Canada , to develop antiviral strategies for treatment of diseases of importance to India. ICAV is an Ontario-based not-for-profit drug discovery and development company with over 400 participants from 31 countries.\"The ICAV-India chapter is essentially involved in bringing together academia and industry. Its aim is to bridge the gap between academic research and commercial development by securing resources and funding for proof-of-concept experiments,\" Dayaraj said.Several groups are already part of the initiative like Biral institute of technology, Jharkand; University of Chennai, International centre for genetic engineering and biotechnology, Delhi, Central drug research institute, Lucknow and the National AIDS research institute, Pune.Dengue fever is an aggressive mosquito-borne disease that kills more than 25,000 a year. More than 50 million cases of dengue, which causes severe flu-like symptoms, intense pain and internal bleeding, are reported annually. The disease has recently emerged in North America, with 36 cases reported in the US this year. The World Health Organization estimates some 2.5 billion people are at risk from dengue.The Millennium Development Goals - adopted by the United Nations in 2000 as the global benchmark for development - state the importance of confronting infectious viral diseases by designating their defeat as one of the eight principal targets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965888", "title": "Taylor Swift splits from Conor Kennedy", "text": "Taylor Swift and Conor Kennedy have called it quits after the country star came on way too serious, way too fast, it has been revealed.Swift has reportedly been preoccupied with the Kennedy legacy ever since the couple's romance began in July.\"Conor's just an 18-year-old kid and wasn't ready for anything super serious, but Taylor is looking for her soulmate and it kind of freaked him out with how strong she came on,\" Radar Online quoted a source as saying.\"Taylor is obsessed with the Kennedys and was living out a fairytale with Conor.\"But she was more obsessed with the idea of dating a Kennedy, than the actual Kennedy she was dating,\" the source said.According to a friend of Swift, the split was amicable.\"They quietly parted ways a while ago. It was just a distance thing. No hard feelings. They're fine,\" a friend of Swift told Us magazine.\"It's been over a month since they've even seen each other.\"With her promotion for Red, she has no time off until the end of the year,\" the friend added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960233", "title": "North Corporationn to announce holiday on Chhath", "text": "NEW DELHI: After East and South Corporation, the North Corporation is also planning to declare holiday on November 19 on the occasion of Chhath Puja.\"Keeping in mind the sentiments and population of the Poorvanchalis in the city we are planning to declare holiday on Chhath Puja,\" said Mhender Nagpal, leader of the House, North Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965783", "title": "Illegal abattoirs continue to be a bane for city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: How many times can a corporation issue closure notices to illegal slaughterhouses in a city? If the question is to the Thiruvananthapuram corporation, the answer would be 'countless times'. This is exactly what the corporation has been doing over the last nine months and not a single 'slaughterhouse' has been closed so far.Yet, the corporation council on Thursday unabashedly declared that all illegal 'slaughterhouses' in the city would be shut down immediately. Also, notices would be served on those who do not have a waste processing mechanism.The declaration is nothing short of a blind bluff. The truth is, even the way the so called 'slaughterhouses' function in the city defies the very concept of a normal slaughterhouse. Any butcher shop with a sharp slaughter knife and a round high wooden block is termed a 'slaughterhouse' by the corporation authorities.Roofing is a luxury for most of these outlets and their closure procedure is simple. The health inspectors just take away the knife and the wooden block and the closure procedure is over. The next day, a new wooden block, a new knife and fresh chunks of meat appear exactly at the same spot.The health officials have been stocking knives and wooden blocks collected over the last few months at the corporation store at Chackai. \"That is what we have been doing for the last nine months. We can't close down a slaughterhouse. For most of them, it's their traditional job and they can't give it up,\" a health official attached to the corporation told TOI.There are only a few meat stalls in the city which function with proper licences. To ensure that they process their waste properly is not easy either. \"They would tell us that they dispose of the waste at a far away place. In most cases, we can't go and ensure that they actually do it,\" the health official added.The mission also has its share of danger. Often the health officials face life-threats while executing the directive of the corporation. \"There are so many places where the resistance is so intense. Every time we can't seek police protection for our operations. It is simply impractical,\" he said.Health standing committee chairperson S Pushpalatha admitted that closing down slaughterhouses won't be easy. \"We are aware of it. We need to ensure the safety of our officials and we will discuss it in a high-level meeting,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965811", "title": "Vikram Bhatt turns lyricist for '1920: Evil Returns'", "text": "Aftab Shivdasani who plays a poet in the horror 1920-Evil Returns, will be mouthing poetry penned by none other than the film's producer Vikram Bhatt, who is quite the closet poet.While the producer-director had toyed with the idea of publishing a book on his poems ,he was very keen on using excerpts in the film,especially since the lead plays the character of a poet.Originally penned in English,the lines have been translated by writer Sanjay Masoom in Hindi to fit into the film's context.Says a source \"Vikram Bhatt has donned the hat of a writer for several films and writing has been a huge passion of his.He even has a collection of poems he has penned ,accounts of his personal experience.A few excerpts from them have been used in the film since they perfectly fit the situations in the movie.\"Talking about how the sequel will be entirely different from the first film of the franchise says producer Vikram Bhatt \"We have seen that when we make sequels, the story should be different, actors should be different. Nothing should be similar except the name. Since we make such films here, we have continued with that trend. 1920: Evil Returns has nothing to do with the first part and it's a totally unique film,\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16964420", "title": "Digital media summit to be held at ISB, Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Indian School of Business (ISB) is hosting the ISB Digital Summit at its Hyderabad campus on November 9 and 10, 2012. Speakers at the summit include leading faculty from top global B-schools and experts from Indian technology industry. The summit is being organised by the Srini Raju Centre for IT and the Networked Economy (SRITNE) at the ISB in association with Jigserv, a digital marketing company founded by an ISB alumnus.The conference will bring together academics, business leaders, marketers and digital media industry practitioners to discuss the new paradigms in digital marketing, and how it will impact businesses. Attendees can look forward to understanding the new trends in this domain and figure out effective ways of leveraging the digital medium for their businesses.Some of the prominent speakers include: Ajit Balakrishnan , founder and CEO, Rediff.com Amit Mehra, ISB Anindya Ghose, Stern School of Business, New York University Arun Sundarajan, Stern School of Business, New York University Hari Krishnan, country manager, LinkedIn India Rajan Anandan, managing director, Google India Ravi Bapna, University of Minnesota Vijay Mookerjee, University of Texas at Dallas Vijayanta Gupta, director - industry strategy (EMEA), Adobe Systems UK Vikramaditya Sharma, director, Nielsen Online, India Virginia Sharma, vice president - marketing, IBM India/South AsiaThe summit will discuss and debate current trends in digital media, recent innovations, new business models and find effective ways of leveraging the digital medium for both large and mid size companies across verticals. Some of the focus areas include:Analytics in the new mobile economy; Measurement of social capital (trust) through \"strength of ties\" on social media; Advertising strategies for online retailers; Role of intermediaries in the digital media value chain; Integrated tools for digital marketing; Digital marketing measurement and metrics; Digital self - an understanding of the digital presence of consumers and how marketers can effectively align to the same for effective consumer engagementRegistrations are open for a limited number of participants on a first come serve basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16964174", "title": "Admin gears up for Bakrid", "text": "PATNA: The Bakri (goat) bazaar of the city is these days witnessing a mad rush of customers looking for goats which they would sacrifice on Bakrid or Id-ul-Zoha, which will be observed on October 27.A preparatory meeting for the celebration of Bakrid was held on Thursday here. Patna DM Sanjay Kumar said, \"The celebration of Dussehra was overall peaceful in Patna. Bakrid celebration is also expected to be peaceful. The participants were requested to cooperate with the civil and police administration to organize peaceful celebration of Bakrid in the state capital. There should not be any violation of law and order.\"Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"Both lathi-wielding and armed forces would be deployed as per the requirement.\" Around 70 locations have been identified where around 5,000 cops would be deployed to prevent any untoward incident.\"Security arrangements have been made for the existing and temporary sheds used by goat traders for their night stay. Police are more vigilant near the hotels and lodges as a number of outsiders are coming for their business. \"Traders from different places of Bihar like Purnia, Saharsa, Begusarai, Vaishali, Jehanabad, Bhagalpur, Munger and Samastipur, as also goat traders from Jaipur in Rajasthan and Etawah in western Uttar Pradesh come here with truckloads of goats. So, regular vigil is being maintained across the city,\" said Patna SP (city) Jayant Kant.\"Steps will be taken to check noise pollution in the city. Loudspeakers would be allowed from 6am to 10pm but no provocative songs would be allowed,\" said the City SP. Patna Municipal Corporation has taken steps to ensure sanitation around the masjids and namaz points.Meanwhile, Patna police detained 460 rash drivers during Navami and Dussehra celebration and collected a fine of Rs 1.65 lakh. \"Vehicle checking and detention of rash bikers will continue during the celebration of Bakrid too,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "16965248", "title": "Bodo umbrella body opposes govt's rehabilitation \u2018policy\u2019", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The Coordination Committee, Bodo National Organizations (CCBNO) on Thursday burnt down the formats prepared by the state government for rehabilitation of displaced landless people in the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD).The committee demanded that new formats be prepared for rehabilitation of these landless camp inmates who are sheltering at various relief camps after the ethnic violence riots in Kokrajhar.The CCBNO on Thursday staged a sit-in demonstration in front of the district commissioner's office from 11am to 1pm, opposing the rehabilitation of suspected Bangladeshis who don't possess any land in Bodoland. The president of the Bodo Sahitya Sabha (BSS) and chairman of the CCBNO, Kameswar Brahma, warned that the state government would be the solely responsible for any recurrence of violence in the BTAD.Earlier, hundreds of activists from 20 organizations under the banner of the CCBNO participated in the dharna in front of the DC's office to oppose the state government's alleged policy of rehabilitating illegal immigrants without proper scrutiny of their valid land and other documents.The CCBNO alleged that the state government and the Centre have ignored the sentiments and demands of the Bodo organizations and trying to rehabilitate illegal immigrants as they comprise their vote bank. In the process, the government is marginalizing the indigenous tribals of the BTC region, the Bodo body alleged.The CCBNO also strictly opposed the creation of new villages for illegal immigrants in Bodoland. The organization later submitted a memorandum to chief minsiter Tarun Gogoi demanding proper verification of the identity of inmates through Kokrajhar DC Jayant Narlikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16963916", "title": "When \u2018K\u2019 in IIT-K stood for Kalam", "text": "KANPUR: He came, he saw, he conquered. Former president Dr APJ Abdul Kalam captivated the attention of thousands of students of the Indian Institute of Technology as soon as he arrived on the campus on Thursday. He inaugurated the golden jubilee celebrations of the Students Gymkhana of institute and his presence amongst the students cast a spell on them. His charm kept people glued to their seats till the end of his speech.He prompted each one of them present on the campus especially the IIT students to pay back to the society for its development. He urged students to make use of their learning and the present-day technology to make India a developed nation by 2020.Since early evening hours, students had started reaching the auditorium of the institute where Dr Kalam had to come to take part in the Golden Jubilee Celebrations of Students Gymkhana. The craze for the Missile Man was such among the students that they stood in corners of the auditorium and sat on the stairs to hear him.He urged students to make Kanpur carbon-neutral and to take care of other city problems like increasing slum areas and declining female:male ratio. He focused on developing rural pockets of the country to making India a developed nation by the year 2020.Making students recite some of his popular lines, Dr Kalam said, \"Imagination leads to creativity, creativity blossoms thinking, thinking forms knowledge and knowledge makes you great..\". He said one who has knowledge can do wonders for the better of the country as well as countrymen.Known for his vision for India as a developed nation by 2020, Dr APJ Abdul Kalam urged students of IIT-Kanpur to realise this dream of millions of Indians.Questioning students present in the auditorium on what kind of India they want to see by 2020 and how the country will get transformed in the next eight years, Dr Kalam said, \"I have been discussing India's growth with young people and have reached the conclusion that it can develop only when agriculture, industry and service sector work together. Also, when there is an equitable distribution of wealth between rural and urban areas. Only then will the country attain sustainable growth path.\"He said five sectors, including agriculture and agro food processing, education and health care, information, infrastructure development and critical technology have to be developed to lead India to development.Giving tips to students on how to beat the problems, Kalam said, \"I will conquer the problem, defeat it and succeed.\" He asked students to follow this way to deal with problems coming their way.When the Missile Man asked students what they would like to be remembered for, nobody spoke. He then repeated his question 'What would you like to be remembered for?' He asked students to write on a page the answer to the question and this page would become an important page in the history of their lives. He gave examples of great scientists like Homi Bhabha and Vikram Sarabhai and asked students to be like the luminaries.Expressing concern over various problems Kanpur was dealing with, Kalam said the expanding slum areas in the city and declining male:female ratio here was a cause of worry. He urged the IIT students to use electronic connectivity and knowledge connectivity for economic development of rural areas of the city.Later, Dr Kalam presented a set of books to institute director Prof S G Dhande for the institute's library. Dr Kalam was in turn given a model of an Aerostat (a balloon) which had been developed by the institute. The balloon was released in the air for trial. Kalam also saw the Wind Tunnel facility at IIT-Kanpur and appreciated it by saying 'it's a big one'.Meanwhile, new director of IIT-Kanpur who is yet to join, Prof Indranil Manna, dean of student affairs, Prof AK Ghosh, president of Students Gymkhana Abhay Jain were present during the inauguration ceremony of Students Gymkhana's golden jubilee.Chairman of the board of governors of the institute Prof M Anandkrishnan termed Dr APJ Abdul Kalam the third biggest personality the country has produced ever after Swami Vivekananda and Mahatma Gandhi. Prof Anandkrishnan said Dr Kalam had captured the minds of the youth through simple but powerful ideas.Abhay Jain said IIT Kanpur placed immense faith in its students believing firmly that they were responsible enough to look after themselves and the students had upheld this faith with great responsibility for the past 50 years taking care of all student activities through an efficient self-governing democratic organisation called Students' Gymkhana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16963343", "title": "Buela to be discharged from Nimhans", "text": "BANGALORE: Buela M Sam, the 42-year-old Ahmedabad-based woman who was arrested after she allegedly trespassed into Isro premises in September, is likely to be released from Nimhans this weekend.Buela was shifted to Nimhans 20 days ago, after doctors felt she should be kept under observation as they suspected she was facing some health problem.\"We have not decided whether to seek Buela's police custody or let her remain in judicial custody. The doctors will submit a report by this weekend and depending on the report, we shall decide on the future course of our action,\" an investigating officer said.However, Nimhans doctors declined to reveal details of Buela's treatment. \"We can only say that she is under observation. We will discharge her soon,\" Nimhans sources told TOI.Police had approached doctors after Buela made contradictory statements to police and her family sources claimed she was mentally unstable. After testing, doctors said she needed medical treatment.The judicial custody of Buela, meanwhile, was on Thursday extended by 14 days by a magistrate court here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960212", "title": "6-year-old among 4 killed in accidents", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four people, including a six-year-old girl, were killed and seven injured in separate road accidents in the capital in last 24 hours.In the first incident, a 50-year-old auto driver was killed after a speeding Alto, driven by a youth in an inebriated condition, crashed into his auto on Vikas Marg. Police said the deceased has been identified as Surender Mahto. The incident took place around 11pm near Lakshmi nagar traffic signal.The victim was rushed to the hospital where he was declared brought dead. Three youths who were in the car sustained injuries. Medical tests confirmed they were under the influence of alcohol. A case of causing death and rash driving was registered.In the second incident, a 60-year-old woman was killed after being hit by a vehicle while crossing the road in Moti Bagh area of south Delhi.In the third accident, one person was killed while four others injured after their Santro car rammed into a truck in Alipur area of outer Delhi.In another incident, a sixyear-old girl died after being run over by an RTV in Dabri area of southwest Delhi on Thursday. The deceased, identified as, Gulfasa, was on her way home from the market with her mother, police said.The RTV driver, Anil, has been arrested and charged with causing death due to negligence and rash driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16965138", "title": "Affordable house remains distant dream in Surat", "text": "SURAT: Despite the slow down in realty market , affordable housing remains a distant dream for the common man. With a 20% rise in the cost of building material in a year, an affordable house appears to be slipping further away from his reach.\"The prices of cement and steel have not gone down and neither have they remained stable,\" said Sagar Dandwate, a contractor.Kalu Upadhayay of Quarry Association of Surat said, \"We have a very slow market and as a result, quarrying rates have almost remained the same. This has reflected on prices of gravel and small gravel that have not gone up much. But it is the increase in other items that is hitting the developers this time in this period of recession.\"Sources said that this increase in material cost clubbed with rise in labour cost has increased the construction cost by Rs 150 to Rs 200 per square feet. It reflects that if one bought a flat of 1,000-1,400 sq feet in a multi storey building in any area in the city, he would have paid at least Rs 2-2.5 lakh less last year than what he has to pay now.Construction cost, that worked to Rs 800 to Rs 1,000 per sq feet in the city a year ago has gone up to Rs 1,000 to Rs 1,200 per sq feet. \"This is a little bit higher than the last few years. But inflation has hit every thing and it is not likely to go down in the near future,\" said Velji Sheta, president of Surat Builders Association (SBA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965769", "title": "Jaavedaan Hai Ishq Tujhse: 1920 Evil Returns", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16960247", "title": "Pandals gear up for a second outing", "text": "KOLKATA: Keep your dates free during Jagadhatri or Kali Puja if you have missed the famous Durga Puja pandals - like the one made with 16,000 balloons and rubber dolls or the one with rickshaw parts - in the city. Organizers of some big pujas have decided either to auction or donate their pandals that will be recreated at a different location during these two festivities.The Kumartuli Park puja committee, which depicted a cultural mix of Gujarat and Bengal, has decided to send the pandal structure and artefacts to a Siliguri club for Kali Puja after the idol immersion on Sunday. The Puja committee at Ahiritolla Sarbojanin, too, wants to recreate its pandal in Chandernagore for Jagadhatri Puja.\"We will auction the artefacts and the pandal structure only after the festive season is over. Many requests are pouring in,\" said Prasanto Pal who conceptualized the Ahiritolla Sarbijanin Puja that depicts the dragon festival in China.The iron-wire and wall putty-made installation at Chaltabagan Lohapatty Puja will be dismantled in parts and reorganized for a Kali Puja in Rajarhat. \"After the idol immersion on Sunday, the entire structure will be transported to Rajarhat,\" said Chaltabagan Lohapatty Puja committee member Rajesh Kumar Jaiswal.Bosepukur Sitala Mandir, however, is set to exhibit the wheel-and-rickshaw installation at Rabindra Sarovar. \"We have already given our rickshaw artwork to the West Bengal government. It will now organize an exhibition for three months at Rabindra Sarovar,\" said Kajal Sarkar of Bosepukur Sitala Mandir.The wood-and-clay handiworks made by east Midnapore farmers for Sovabazar Beniatola Puja will be sent back to them so that they can sell them. The committee members at Barisha Club Puja are planning to auction the motifs they used on their pandal.\"The 40-ft Shiv Linga made of bamboo and gypsum plaster will also be up for sale, once we get someone to do that for us. The fibre idols will be preserved. We are in talks with the chief minister and other institutions that can help preserve them,\" said committee vice-president Shyamal Sengupta.Buroshibtala Janakalyan Sangha puja committee will give away the tribal models to people after the idol immersion on Friday. \"There are 22 such idols that will be given for free. Also, the coconut trees that we had put in the pandal will be donated to a nursery,\" said Robin Mondal, a puja committee member. New Alipore's Suruchi Sangha Puja committee is also planning to go for an auction but is yet to finalize anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16958921", "title": "Anustup Majumdar bowls East Zone to Duleep Trophy title", "text": "CHENNAI: Anustup Majumdar turned the contest on its head with his part-time leg-spin to hand holders East Zone a sensational victory on first innings over Central in the rain-hit Duleep Trophy final on Thursday.Introduced into the attack in the 70th over with Central on 143/4 - needing only 90 runs with six wickets in hand to wrest the crown for the first time in seven seasons - Majumdar returned figures of four for 29 off 7.5 overs to enable East retain the prestigious silverware on the final day.Central went down in the final for the second straight time to East as they lost their last six wickets for the addition of only 42 runs to be bowled out for 189 after resuming on 74 for two and in pursuit of 233 for first innings honours in the low-scoring contest.Bengal left-arm spinner Iresh Saxena took three more wickets on the last day to return his third five-wicket haul in first-class cricket in a dramatic final session after play began post noon following overnight rains.Opener Tanmay Srivastava hit a gritty 94 but didn't find sufficient support from his Central teammates on a slow pitch before the left-hander was ninth man out after resuming the day on 46.That was, of course, before East skipper Natraj Behera introduced Majumdar into the attack as the seventh bowler, hoping for a breakthrough and the top-order batsman from Hooghly obliged. Majumdar had Rawat (24) caught behind with his third delivery and dismissed Bhuvneshwar Kumar leg-before for nought with a googly in his fourth over, after Iresh had sent back Jalaj Saxena (7). Majumdar struck again almost immediately when he dismissed Praveen Kumar caught in the covers off a leading edge.Brief scores: East Zone 232 (Ishank Jaggi 100*, Jalaj Saxena 5-62) and 80 vs Central Zone 189 (Srivastava 94, Iresh Saxena 5-58, Majumdar 4-29)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16964256", "title": "'Derma abrasion' for sparkling skin is the rage", "text": "PATNA: In this festival season which began with Durga Puja, fair sex in the city is determined to look more fair and flaunt their sparkling skin. To do so, they are regularly hopping at various high-end beauty salons that offer skin-peeling treatment giving them a brand new skin.\"Who doesn't like to have a clear complexion? Skin problems are nightmares for people of all ages. Everybody likes flawless skin. I had the option of getting rid of such skin, so I took derma abrasion treatment,\" said Pragya Jha of Kankarbagh, a housewife.Puja Singh, director of a beauty salon, said, \"More than 300 customers have undergone derma abrasion treatment at our parlour this festive season. Over 90% of our customers have taken the treatment only for face.\" This treatment requires two to five sessions depending on the skin.\"We are overbooked for the next one week,\" says Alka Ranjan, manager of the local centre of a national beauty salon chain, that treated over 45 clients in the last one week with skin peeling. Ranjan said, \"We do microderma abrasion with machine and remove the upper layer of skin, treating scars, pimples, pigmentations and provide a shine to the skin.\"\"I had lots of acne marks on my face, so I have taken derma roller treatment; this gives instant sparkle to the skin. Several needles (of a machine) are injected in the skin that level the skin and exfoliate it deeply,\" said Poonam Sinha, a bank employee.This festival, the national beauty salon chain has also introduced a few new facials, including 'Flora sea oxygen' facial for treatment of pigmented, dull and scarred skin, 'Christina line facial' done with silk thread for shine, 'cromadex' for mixed (oily and dry) and acne-prone skin. \"Among the girls in their 20s, 'Forever Youth Facial' to avoid early wrinkle is in demand,\" said Ranjan.Vikas Kumar, manager of another beauty salon, said, \"We provide chemical, glycolic and veg peel, costing from a few hundred rupees to a few thousand.\"A spa, that does not provide derma abrasion, has an alternative called classic peel treatment. \"In this treatment, a powdered paste is applied on the skin and with the help of machine, the dead skin is removed. Later, a special facial gives glow to the skin,\" said Sameena Raza, spa manager. The number of sittings required depends on the client's requirement.Even young girls are going for these treatments. Devina Pandey, 26, a student, said, \"Even doctors say it's safe. I do not have wrinkles or any mark but took this treatment to get instant sparkle.\"Dr Amar Kant Jha, a skin specialist, said, \"Skin has three layers - epidermis, dermo-epidermal and dermis. Skin peeling of the epidermis either by chemical or machine is safe.\" But he cautions, saying, \"Removing beyond the four sub-layers of epidermis can be harmful. Dermal abrasion should be done only with machine, manually performed treatment is unsafe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965402", "title": "'Price tag' stopped Satyajit from casting Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "Satyajit Ray had often thought of casting Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan in his films but stepped back apparently due to the actor's price tag, according to the late director's wife Bijoya.Jaya Bachchan had \"told me in passing that Amitabh would be willing to work with Manik if he ever decided to cast him in any of his Bengali films...,\" Bijoya says in the recently- released book \" Manik and I\" , published by Penguin India.\"He (Satyajit) smiled a little and said 'Let me get better first--only then can I think of making another film. I've thought of Amitabh often but they are such expensive actors. Our Bengal film industry doesn't have that kind of money'\", Bijoya writes.Jaya immediately said, \"Don't say that--it would be a great honour to work with you. I'm sure he won't demand that kind of money,\" according to Bijoya, whose book is based on her meticulous diary notings till the death of her husband in April, 1992. The closest Amitabh came to working with Ray was to lend his baritone voice in the narration of \"Shatranj Ke Khiladi\".Ray's films were characterised by a low budget.Bijoya never felt the urge to write her memoirs, but was finally persuaded to pick up the pen when she was well into her eighties. \"Manik and I\" brims over with hitherto unknown stories of her life with Ray, told in candid, vivid detail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16964534", "title": "Indian American Democrat Ami Bera sees victory chances go up", "text": "WASHINGTON: Having bagged the endorsement of former US President Bill Clinton, Indian American Democratic Congressional candidate from California , Ami Bera appears to have moved closer to victory.The independent Center for Politics at the University of Virginia moved his seat (California 7th Congressional District) from a \"tossup\" to a \"Lean Democratic\" which means that Bera has now greater chances of winning the seat by defeating the incumbent Dan Lungren of Republican Party.\"If there is one state where Republican House chances appear to be slipping, it's in heavily Democratic California, which is why we've added Representatives Dan Lungren (R, CA-7) and Jeff Denham (R, CA-10) to Representative Brian Bilbray (R, CA-52) in the 'leans Democratic' column, meaning we believe all three incumbents are underdogs in their battles to return to Congress,\" the Center for Politics said in its report yesterday.This new ranking comes as a further boost to Bera's campaign, which early this month was endorsed by Clinton and the popular daily newspaper Sacramento Bee from California.In the third quarter ending September 30, Bera added more than $731,000 to his campaign funds, and dramatically outraising his opponent Dan Lungren by more than $223,000.Bera, whose parents migrated to the United States from India over 50 years ago, has now successfully outraised Lungren for 12 out of the last 13 quarters and netted almost $2.7 million this cycle.Along with Bera, a record number of six Indian American candidates are in fray for the US House of Representatives.The other five are Upendra Chivukula from New Jersey, Ricky Gill and Jack Uppal from California, Manan Trivedi from Pennsylvania and Syed Taj from Michigan.Gill, the only Republican Indian American in the fray , according to political analysts too appears poised to make an upset victory over the three-time Democratic incumbent Jerry McNerney .\"Insiders on both sides of the aisle agree that Gill has become a serious threat to McNerney. Democrats are scratching their heads in disbelief over the development, while Republicans are simply happy with the situation ,\" political analyst Stuart Rothenberg wrote in the Roll Call newspaper listing it as one of the four possible upset Congressional seats for the November 6 elections.He raised $2.3 million during the campaign, as against less than $2 million of McNerney.According to another poll in Michigan, Indian American candidate, Syed Taj, a doctor, performed unexpectedly better considering that he is contesting from a Republican bastion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16963141", "title": "Hindu Mahasabha petitions Goa CM against screening of film Deool at IFFI", "text": "PANAJI: Hindu Mahasabha (Goa) president Shiv Prasad Joshi has demanded that the chief minister of Goa should not allow the screening of film ' Deool ' from IFFI, which is hurting religious sentiments of Hindus.The memorandum says that the film ' Deool' has hurt the religious sentiments of Hindus through its insulting song on Lord Datta.\"There is a song with the lyrics as ' Phodaa Datta naam taaho .' shot in the form of ' aarti '. The words in this song ridicule Lord Datta steeping to very low level\", said JoshiHundreds of complaints have been lodged against the film. The film has also been challenged by filing a public interest petition (PIL) in Mumbai high court. There was protest against the film in Maharashtra, Karnataka and internationally also. In Belgaum some distributors stopped screening of this film after protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "16960349", "title": "Mumbai engineer repatriated from Pak after seven years", "text": "ATTARI: Pakistan on Thursday repatriated a 32-year-old Mumbai software engineer who had accidentally boarded the Pakistan-bound Samjautha Express from Amritsar and was arrested upon his arrival in Lahore seven years back.Bhavesh was depressed and had lost his father to cancer days before he ended up on the train to Pakistan.He was forced to resign from a multinational firm in Mumbai as he was refused leave when his father was diagnosed with cancer.\"Mamma mil gayee,\" Bhavesh exclaimed as he embraced his mother after crossing back to India via the Attari border near Amritsar. \"I am so happy. I came all the way to Attari almost crying,\" said Bhavesh, adding that he kept writing letters to his mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16964867", "title": "Driver dies as tanker catches fire in mishap", "text": "JAIPUR: Panic gripped Jaipur-Agra National Highway near Bassi on Thursday morning after a driver was brunt alive and his helper sustained serious burn injuries in a collision between their chemical-laden tanker and a stationed truck.The charred body of the driver, Shyam Bihari (35), was later recovered from the tanker's cabin. They also evacuated people from half-a-kilometre radius and diverted the highway traffic. The mishap led to several rumours among the local villagers and commuters.According to the police, the helper is undergoing treatment at a hospital ICU. As the tanker was gutted, the police are trying to ascertain the nature of the chemicals and details about the driver's employer.According to the police, Shyam Bihari was a resident of Kheda Dholpur village in UP's Etawah district. The police came to know about the driver's identity through his helper. \"The mishap occurred at Bassi Chak near Manoharpura around 1 am. The tanker was coming from Jaipur. It was carrying some chemical,\" said SHO, Bassi, Mohammed Anwar.The officer said that a truck had broken down. \"The driver of the truck had called for help. Another truck arrived there to help him out. The rescue truck was stationed on the wrong side of the road. The chemical-laden tanker rammed into it,\" said the officer. \"Fire engulfed the tanker and the truck within minutes. The helper managed to jump out of the tanker while the driver, Shyam Bihari, got stuck,\" said the officer.Some commuters and local residents informed the police following which a team from Bassi police station and three fire tenders rushed to the spot. It took the fire tenders almost two hours to douse the fire.People living in a radius of half-a-kilometre were evacuated and the highway traffic was diverted. \"We identified the driver with help of the injured helper. Family members of both the men were informed. They have arrived here. A case will be registered against the driver and helper of the stationed truck,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16958757", "title": "Tiff over cattle triggers group clash in Musheerabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: A tiff over cattle triggered minor skirmishes between groups belonging to two communities in Musheerabad on Wednesday night. Six people, including a senior police officer, reportedly suffered injuries in stone-pelting incidents. Seven people were arrested for the incidents so far.With Bakrid a couple of days away, police did not want to take any chances and clamped Section 144 (Prohibits assembly of five or more persons) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) in the Musheerabad police station limits.All main roads leading to Bholakpur from Musheerabad and Kavadiguda side were sealed by police. Barricades and barbed fence was put in place and private vehicles and outsiders were not allowed into the area to prevent any untoward situation. It was a curfew-like situation in the troubled areas on Thursday with traders downing their shutters throughout the day and local residents not venturing out fearing trouble.Sources said trouble started on Wednesday night when an ox, which was part of cattle brought in a DCM, freed itself and ran into Muggu Basthi in Kavadiguda. A person, who belongs to Bholakpur, went to the basthi to claim the animal, but the locals did not hand it over to him. Protesting it, some persons went to the Musheerabad police station and complained against the locals. While returning, they pelted stones and the rival group retaliated. Police rushed to the area to restore normalcy, but sporadic incidents of stone pelting and stabbing went on till 3 am.However, police said trouble broke out when a boy of Bholakpur was assaulted by some locals near a place of worship in Tala Basthi, Kavadiguda. Subsequently, rivals groups gathered in large numbers and pelted stones on each other. Two RTC buses and some private vehicles were also damaged.Fearing that the situation might slip out of their hands, police rushed in reinforcements and brought the situation under control. According to police sources, four civilians and two police personnel, including deputy commissioner of police (Central Zone) Tarun Joshi, were injured in the incidents. The injured persons were shifted to Care Hospital in Musheerabad.Police said 13 cases were booked against persons belonging to both the communities. Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sarma, in an official release, said seven persons have been arrested in connection with the attacks and damaging properties, while other suspects were being questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16964010", "title": "Navratri theatre fest ends with zeal", "text": "HUBLI: The nine-day theatre festival Navratri Yuva Rangotsava organized by Dharwad Rangayana at Basavaraj Rajguru open air theatre ended here on Tuesday.The utsav belied the complaint that theatre activities are taking a beating with the onslaught of electronic media and provided an opportunity to college students to exhibit their talent. It also came as a relief to theatre enthusiasts as it promised a bright future for theatre activities in the cultural city. The utsav began with students of K S Jigalur College for Women staging Kannada play 'Muttina Bale' written by Induhas Jewoor and directed by Vishaya Jewoor. In all, nine plays were staged from 6.30pm every day by students of various colleges in the twin cities.Rangayana director Subhash Narendra said this is the fifth edition of the Rangotsava and from next year, students of other colleges in the district would be invited to stage plays. The plays 'Adhwanpur' (director C Leela)- JSS College,'Gokarnada Goudashani' (director Manjunath Madnur)-Mrutyunjaya College, 'Janapada Ramayana' (director Rajeshwari Sullya)-Kittel Arts College, 'Muddannana promotion prasanga' (director Mallappa Hongal) -Government PU College students, 'Sambashiva Prahasana' (director Mohan Mysore)-KH Kabbur Institute of Engineering, 'Nalacharithe' (director Prashanth H)-SVP Mahila Vidyapeetha, 'Mama moshi' (director Vijaykumar Doddmani)-Chinmay PU College and 'Patrakartariddhare' (director Ramzan Ullagaddi)-SJMVS College entertained the theatre aficionados for nine days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16964926", "title": "Bhupen wife, son fly down for music maestro\u2019s \u2018punyatithi\u2019", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Vedic mantras were a bit difficult for him to follow, but Tez Hazarika carefully listened to the priest's chant and repeated the words on the occasion of his father Bhupen Hazarika's first punyatithi as he performed his ritualistic duty as a son in complete adherence to Hindu rites.On Thursday, the musical doyen's asthi were immersed in the waters of his beloved Luit (Brahmaputra) by Tez at the holy Ashwa Klanta temple on the north bank of the river here. Clad in the traditional ceremonial attire of a dhoti with the Assamese gamocha wrapped around his bare torso, Tez held on carefully to the urn containing the ashes of his father, wrapped in a red cloth, as he accompanied the priest, family members following him, and offered pinda daan at Ashwa Klanta in north Guwahati.\"On the occasion of my father's shraddha, I want to thank the people of Assam for the love that they have showered on him. I am lucky to be here again today. It's been a year since he passed away and I must say Assam has always been on my mind. I express my gratitude and appreciation to the people of Assam. I will be staying here for a month,\" said Tez, who is based in the US.Bhupenda's son was accompanied by his octogenarian mother, Priyamvada Patel Hazarika, who's based in Ottawa, Canada. She flew down to India especially for her husband's first punyatithi and met her husband's family in Assam after many years. Tez and his mother arrived in the city on Wednesday.Clad in a blue-bordered sari, an emotional Priyamvada was escorted by Tez inside the sanctum sanctorum of the temple as the rituals began. The last time she visited Assam was in 1999. When Bhupenda breathed his last on November 5, 2011, she was too unwell to undertake the long, arduous flight from Canada to India and so she couldn't attend his funeral.\"Assam is on my mind every day and I can never forget this place. I am so thankful to the people of Assam for their love and support. It is difficult to express my emotions on revisiting Assam after so many years,\" said Priyamvada.Bhupenda's asthi visarjan and shraddha ceremony was poignant not only for his family but also for the people of Assam. People flocked to the Ashwa Klanta temple for a glimpse of the son and wife of their dear Bhupenda. A congregation of women who had gathered at the spot sang the traditional naam proshonga for the peace of Hazarika's soul as the rituals began.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16963073", "title": "H1N1, dengue claimed 13 lives in city this month", "text": "PUNE: The city is grappling with swine flu and dengue fever simultaneously this month. While swine flu has claimed 10 lives this month alone - which is the highest number of casualties recorded so far this year, dengue fever has claimed three lives, including that of two city residents, and 161 people were hospitalised following severe symptoms at different hospitals across the city.\"Swine flu has claimed 10 lives so far this month. Among them, two were residents of Pune city, five were from rural parts of Pune district, one each from neighbouring districts like Nashik and Ahmednagar. One person with swine flu was from Karnataka who was moved to Pune for higher management. The patient later succumbed to the contagion,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health, Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Last month, there were four swine flu casualties and 130 positive cases and the numbers rose to 10 deaths and 97 positive cases till October 25. Since April this year, the H1N1 virus has claimed 25 lives and infected around 500 people.Similarly, three dengue deaths were recorded this month. Among them, two were residents of Sinhagad road and Kothrud, while one person from Sangli had come to Pune for treatment of dengue fever and later succumbed to the infection.\"There has been a rise in cases of dengue fever - which is a mosquito-borne infection - in October. Last month, there were 137 dengue cases and the number rose to 161 cases till October 23 this month,\" said an official from the insect control department.The recorded number of dengue cases has grown considerably ever since the civic body's health department started collating data from private hospitals this year. Earlier, the PMC would collect the disease data only from the government-run Sassoon hospital and PMC-run hospitals.Vector mosquitoes breed mostly in earthenware, metal drums and concrete cisterns used for domestic water storage as well as discarded plastic food containers, old tyres and other items that collect rainwater. Proper disposal of solid waste and improved water storage practices, which includes covering containers, should be followed, doctors said.While the sudden spells of showers after a lull provided some relief from the sultry weather conditions in the beginning of this month, this also led to a spurt in mosquito-borne infections like dengue fever, doctors added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959462", "title": "Security is main concern in shift from Opera House", "text": "MUMBAI: Security remains the overriding concern for the \"gated community\" of diamond traders at the Bharat Diamond Bourse (BDB).The merchants at the new trading hub at Bandra-Kurla Complex transact business worth crores of rupees each day. Apart from the precious cargo that couriers (angadias) carry in and out of the complex, the safety of eight banks operating from the premises is also paramount.\"Entry is only by biometric cards so a person without the special BDB identity card can't enter the complex. The vehicle of each committee member, including the president, is checked at the gate,\" says Amit Shah of Meghna Diamonds.BDB president Anoop Mehta says, \"This is a gated complex. We are simply following the cautionary principles that all housing societies also follow these days. We do not allow outsiders to walk in without appointment, and when they arrive, they must call the host who will vouch for them.\"Panchratna and a few other trading hubs in Opera House do take down visitors' details and prepare passes for outsiders who arrive regularly. However, BDB employs technology on a greater scale. Insiders boast that the vast network of closed circuit cameras can track the movement of every diamond packet, preventing the incidence of theft that is common in Opera House.Besides, the BDB complex also has the advantage of space. The bourse, which houses 2,400 diamond offices of various sizes, is spread over an area of 20 acres and has a total constructed area of 2 million sq ft, with two basements of an additional 1 million sq ft. There are eight towers of nine-storeys each.The traders' apprehensions about security is understandable considering that the jewellery hub of Zaveri Bazar and the diamond trading centre of Opera House have been targets during the numerous terror attacks on the city.On July 13, 2011, of Opera House was the target of a bomb attack, exposing how the congested locality was a sitting duck for anti-national elements. An explosive device, planted in a tiffin box at the Khau Gully, exploded shortly before 7pm, killing and injuring many people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964603", "title": "Book publishers Penguin, Random House to merge", "text": "Popular book publishing houses Penguin and Random House are planning to merge into a single powerhouse in a 2.4 billion pound deal .Pearson, which owns Penguin, said on Thursday it is in talks with Bertelsmann, the German media giant, which owns international publisher Random House, about combining the publishing assets.Bertelsmann would own more than half of the joint venture, the Telegraph reports.Pearson and Bertelsmann hope that joining forces will give their publishing assets the scale they need to compete with the growing challenges to their business .According to the paper, the two companies are likely to face major regulatory issues before they get a deal away, with their rivals likely to call for competition authorities on both sides of the Atlantic to review the deal.The combined entity would have around a 27 per cent share of the UK's book publishing market and 25 per cent share in the US.Random House and Penguin would also have to pick their way through the legal row with the US authorities, which has already rocked the books industry this year and raised competition fears, the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16964317", "title": "Rajasthan HC tells cop to appear before House", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court on Thursday asked inspector Ratna Gupta to appear before the state legislative committee on October 29 to face breach of privilege proceedings but maintained that the court can scrutinize exercise of powers by a parliamentary committee and the House's powers regarding breach of privilege.The matter pertains to the arrest warrant issued by the assembly's privileges committee early this month against inspector Ratna Gupta, who failed to appear before it despite being repeatedly summoned. Gupta had, instead, approached HC saying the committee had pronounced her guilty even before hearing her.The court, thereafter, issued notice to the assembly, which in turn decided not to respond, saying its powers were independent of the judiciary.Disposing of Gupta's petition as a \"premature\" one, a single-judge bench of Justice Mohammad Rafiq on Thursday directed the police officer to appear before the assembly committee on October 29 with her lawyer.Show magnanimity in woman cop caseDisposing of Gupta's petition as a \"premature\" one, a single-judge bench of Justice Mohammad Rafiq on Thursday directed the police officer to appear before the assembly committee on October 29 with her lawyer. At the same time, the bench asked the assembly to show magnanimity in the matter since the officer is a woman.\"If the petitioner (Gupta) appears before the secretary, Rajasthan state legislative assembly on October 29, and further submits to the jurisdiction of the privileges committee as and when required, the assembly must reconsider the need of issuing arrest warrant to summon the official,\" the court order read.Gupta, who was earlier posted as in-charge of a woman police station in Jaipur, is accused of misbehaving with the assembly's child and women welfare committee members who went to inspect the police station's records on July 19, 2010. The officer allegedly denied the committee members access to the official records.The assembly committee complained to the speaker, who in turn forwarded the complaint to the committee on privileges (CoP), which summoned the police officer. Gupta allegedly ignored the CoP's four summons, issued one after another, and approached the high court against the assembly proceedings. Based on her petition, the court issued notice to the assembly on October 5. The assembly's all party meeting on October 12, however, decided that the court notice should not be accepted. The CoP subsequently issued an arrest warrant against the police officer, but she went underground and the government suspended her.On Thursday, advocate general G S Bapna said, \"The petition is premature as the privileges committee is still to decide if any privilege existed and thereafter the privilege will be endorsed by the House; then only she will be punished if found guilty of misbehaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "16962749", "title": "Fire at Essar Steel Plant in Paradip", "text": "KENDRAPADA: The power plant of Essar Steel Plant at Paradip was partially gutted in an inferno on Thursday. Workers and officials managed to flee after the power grid caught fire. After a massive blast, a huge fire raged in the plant, eye-witnesses said.Around 10 fire tenders needed hours to put out the fire. Tension prevailed after the workers blamed the management for the fire. A company spokesperson said, \"There was an incident of fire at the main receiving sub-station building adjacent to our plant. There is no casualty and everybody at the site is safe. The cause of fire is under investigation. We appreciate the support of local authorities and the local industries for their timely assistance in controlling the fire. A mechanism is being put in place to prevent reoccurrence of such incidents.\"On March 1 last year, machineries, worth around Rs 10 lakh, were reduced to ashes at the construction site of the steel company in a fire accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16963655", "title": "Khandeparkar panel to fool Goans: Cong", "text": "PANAJI: Reacting to chief minister Manohar Parrikar's statement on the Supreme Court (SC), the Congress legislative party (CLP) on Thursday condemned the outburst. The Congress is also awaiting legal opinion whether or not to file a contempt petition.The CLP demanded that there should be a thorough SC probe using agencies such as enforcement directorate, income tax and CBI in the mining scam. \"Not only should politicians be investigated, but also mining companies involved in large scale violations, and if the government cannot recover 35,000 crore, then Parrikar should quit as chief minister,\" demanded CLP.Speaking to reporters, Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco said that Parrikar should learn to have faith in the judiciary, and that the chief minister appears to be working as an agent of mining companies and is being tutored to make statements.\"The SC has already appointed the CEC and we should wait for the report of the CEC,\" said Lourenco, further adding that, \"the Congress party is waiting for legal expert opinion to file the contempt petition.\"Lourenco said that Parrikar's contradictory actions and wrong decisions, and his constant U-turns and act of condemning the decision of the SC will further create complications for the state of Goa.\"When there is already a CEC in place, the appointment of the justice Khandeparkar committee to selectively analyze the report is another act to fool the people of Goa,\" he added.Reginaldo said that Parrikar has no right to point fingers at Pratapsingh Rane and Digambar Kamat, since as fingers also then point to him (Parrikar), who was chief minister from 2000 to 2004.Reacting to Parrikar's announcement of 1 km buffer zone for national parks and wildlife sanctuaries, he said that buffer zones should be with immediate effect and not in a phased manner.\"Which are the mining companies that lie within 0-1 km zone?\" Lourenco asked. \"Parrikar should give a list of who he is trying to protect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959722", "title": "Gujrat tourists robbed in autorickshaw", "text": "NEW DELHi: A trip to the capital turned sour for a Gujarat-based businessman and his family after they were robbed near Raj Ghat on Wednesday afternoon.The victim, Kishore (59), belongs to Rajkot and had come to Delhi with his wife Praveena and other relatives. After paying a visit to India Gate, the family had hired an autorickshaw to Chandni Chowk.When the family reached near Shanti Van around 1pm, the autorickshaw driver entered the service lane. He had barely travelled a distance of 100 metres when two people on a bike waylaid the vehicle. Holding the family members at gunpoint, the duo snatched their belongings, including gold chains, bangles and cash, and fled. The victims then went to Chandni Chowk and informed police of the incident but were directed to the Daryaganj police station.Claiming that the movement of the autorickshaw driver, Jai Prakash, appeared suspicious, cops are questioning him to establish whether he was involved in the robbery. Other angles are also being probed. A case of armed robbery has been registered at Daryaganj police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962820", "title": "Ravi Teja\u2019s new movie Balupu launched", "text": "Mass raja Ravi Teja's new film Balupu, to be directed by Gopichand Malineni, has been launched at the production house on Thursday (October 25, 2012). Ravi Teja, Directors VV Vinayak, Harish Shankar, Boyapati Seenu, Gopichand Malineni, Editor Gautham Raju, Kona Venkat, etc. graced the opening ceremony.This is Gopichand Mallineni's third film after Ravi Teja in \"Don Seenu\" and Venkatesh in \"Bodyguard\". Prasad V. Potluri, who earlier produced \"Veedinthe\", is producing this film under under PVP cinemas banner. Shruti Hassan will be playing the female lead. Kona Venkat is providing the story and SS Thaman is the music director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965694", "title": "Man arrested for assaulting shop owner", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Thampanoor police on Thursday arrested a miscreant, who had allegedly attacked a shop owner following a failed extortion bid. The accused has been identified as Murugan of Karikkakam.Police said that Murugan was arrested on charges of attacking John, the owner of the shop Sonaq Trading Company, at Housing Board near Thampanoor. According to John's complaint, Murugan had been pestering him with demanding money for the past few days. He also threatened to harm John. On Tuesday too, Murugan reached the shop and demanded Rs 2,000. But when John expressed his reluctance to pay the money, Murugan assaulted him. Police was alerted immediately. Though Murugan fled the scene and holed up in the nearby Rajaji Bagar (Chenkal Choola) Colony, police chased him there and took him to custody.Thampanoor circle inspector Sheen Tharayil said that Murugan had numerous criminal cases registered in his name at various police stations in the city. At Thampanoor station alone there are 10 criminal cases pending against him. Murugan was produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16964660", "title": "Senior national wrestling championship from November 9", "text": "NEW DELHI: The big names of Indian wrestling, including Olympic medallists Sushil Kumar and Yogeshwar Dutt, will miss the 57th Senior National Men's Free Style Championship to be held in Gonda, Uttar Pradesh from November 9.While Sushil, who etched his name in the record books after becoming the first Indian athlete to win back-to-back medals at the Olympics, has not participated in the event since his bronze medal at the Beijing Games, his friend and London Olympics bronze medallist Yogeshwar Dutt has just once tried his skills.\"No, they won't be participating in the national championship,\" an official from the Wrestling Federation of India said when asked whether the two poster boys of the sport will contest in the nationals.\"Sushil has not participated in the championship since winning a bronze medal at the Beijing Games. And I don't think it is even right to expect him to be present for the Nationals given the amount of hard work he put in for the London Olympics,\" he added.Sushil won a silver at the London Games earlier this year.Asked about Yogeshwar, the official said: \"He also won't be there. He has just participated in one national event after the Beijing Games.\"He, however, confirmed the participation of Olympian Narsingh Pancham Yadav for the three-day championship to be held at Nandini Nagar.\"Narsingh will be there but Amit (Kumar Dahiya) is nursing an elbow injury so he won't be able to participate. He has already submitted his medical,\" the official informed.Amit was the youngest grappler to represent the country at the London Games along side Sushil, Yogeshwar and Narsingh.The women's field, however, will feature the likes of Geeta Phogat and Babita Kumar.Geeta, who was the only female grappler to represent the country at the London Games, shed her Olympic disappointment with a bronze medal finish at the World Championship last month. While Babita also returned with a bronze from the international event.Around 600 Wrestlers from across the country along with 120 Officials are set to be a part of the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "16963173", "title": "\u2018MSEDCL has failed to supply regular electricity\u2019", "text": "MALEGAON: Industrialists of Malegaon on Thursday protested against the electricity tariff hike by the MSEDCL.The protest followed the ongoing agitation by the powerloom weavers' associations demanding abolition of load shedding and saw a large number of industrialists demonstrating against the power tariff hike.According to the revised tariff plan effective August 1, 2012, the tariff for industrial electric connections has been hiked to Rs 5.06/unit as against the earlier rate of Rs 4.46/unit. Similarly, tariffs for residential and commercial electricity connections have also been hiked. Industrialists are of the view that the tariff hike is unjustified especially when the MSEDCL has failed to maintain regular power supply and provide effective services.\"On one hand, the MSEDCL is failing miserably in meeting our demands of continuous and regular power supply and on the other, it is revising the tariff for industries that are already hit by recession. It is totally unjustified,\" said Abdul Malik Bakrawala, who was leading the protest.He said the textile industry is providing employment to lakhs of people in Malegaon and any decision to hike electricity tariff would have an adverse impact on the industry, resulting in closure of many powerloom units. \"If such a thing happens, many employees will be left without any job. It would be a catastrophe,\" he said demanding immediate intervention of the state government to resolve the issue.The industrialists later submitted a memorandum to prant officer Uday Kiswe, copies of which are also sent to higher authorities including the managing director of MSEDCL.Meanwhile, the powerloom weavers' agitation demanding abolition of load shedding in Malegaon has entered the second month. Ansari Momin Julaha Powerloom Conference, which is leading the agitation, had appealed to the weavers to return the electricity power bills of September as well. In response to its call given in August, around 4,500 consumers had returned their power bills with protest notes.On the other hand, the MSEDCL has issued revised warning to the weavers stating that if they do not pay the outstanding bills by October 30, the department will disconnect their electricity connections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16962309", "title": "Bo Xilai expelled from Chinese legislature", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese lawmakers expelled disgraced leader Bo Xilai from the parliament on Friday, completing his extirpation from politics and stripping him of immunity from prosecution for a series of corruption charges.The leader from Chongqing, who was once considered an emerging name, was expelled from the Communist Party last month after a political scandal involving his wife created much sensation.Bo, who was believed to be a votary of Mao Zedong's policies, is accused of abuse of power, bribe-taking and violating party discipline.The state media announced on Friday that Bo had formally been expunged from the top legislature, setting the stage for criminal proceedings against him.\"The Standing Committee of the 11th National People's Congress (NPC) on Friday announced the termination of Bo Xilai's post as the NPC deputy,\" said a brief statement from Xinhua news agency.His wife, Gu Kailai, was jailed in August for the murder of British businessman Neil Heywood and was given a suspended death sentence.The development came less than two weeks before a once in a decade leadership change in China.Legislators are due to meet on November 8 for a Congress at which the new top leaders will be unveiled.The scandal unveiled in February when Chongqing police chief Wang Lijun sought refuge in the US consulate in Chengdu, following which Bo was removed from his party post in Chongqing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16960592", "title": "Haryana government to set up special panel to keep tabs on funds", "text": "GURGAON: In order to see to it that state funds aren't misspent on the district level, the government on Thursday announced that it will be setting up special district development and monitoring committees (DDMC) in Gurgaon and other parts of Haryana. All districts are granted %'plan funds' by the state government each financial year, which, according to the planning department's directives, are to be utilized 'in public interest and in a time-bound manner.'\"The DDMCs will ensure proper and timely utilization of district plan funds,\" a government official said. The funds doled out under this scheme depend on the population of the districts, as recorded by the 2011 official census.And according to official reports, Gurgaon has been allocated around Rs 17.5 crores in the form of district plan funds for the years 2012-13.\"Each DDMC would be chaired by the minister heading the district public relations and grievances committee in the district concerned. The deputy commissioner would be the vice-chairman of the committee,\" the official said.Other members of the DDMC will include Members of Parliament, MLAs, mayor, senior municipal officials, panchayat samiti chairpersons of the concerned district. \"The committee would oversee proper framing of works or projects and release of district plan funds to the implementing agencies. After release of these funds, the balance amount would also be approved by DDMC,\" said another official . Other civil society representatives like social workers or economists can also be made part of the committee, if the chairperson approves of the move.\"The state government has also fixed sectoral allocation for spending the district %plan funds for the current financial year. 30% are to be spent on streets and drains. Then 10% of the funds each on community centres and panchayat ghars; educational infrastructure of schools and colleges; water supply and irrigation; women and child development including construction of anganwadis; health infrastructure; sports; and on completion of other works in progress,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963591", "title": "'Miss Lovely' gets best Indian film award at Mumbai film fest", "text": "Director Ashim Ahluwalia's 'Miss Lovely' won best film award and Hansal Mehta's 'Shahid' won in the runner-up category at the closing ceremony of the 14th Mumbai Film Festival here.In the newly introduced competition section for Indian feature films 'India Gold' , director Ashim Ahluwalia's 'Miss Lovely' was announced as the best film here last night.The film also won the Reliance Media Works CreaTech (Creativity &amp; Technology) award at the festival, organised by the Mumbai Academy of Moving Image (MAMI).Hansal Mehta's real life drama 'Shahid' won the runner-up award for best film. The special jury award was given to Manjeet Singh for ' Mumbai Cha Raja'.At the function held at the National Centre for Performing Arts (NCPA) here, veteran actress Waheeda Rehman was honoured with the Lifetime Achievement Award for an Indian personality. The award was given by filmmaker and MAMI chairman Shyam Benegal .\"I am thrilled to receive this award from MAMI. I dedicate it to the directors, producers, co-actors, technicians who have been a part of this journey with me,\" Waheeda said.Meanwhile, in the International Competition category for the first feature films of directors, 'Aqui Y Alla' (Here And There) was recognised as the best film.Dwight Henry got the best actor award for 'Beasts of the Southern Wild' and best actress award was given to Julia Garner for 'Electrick Children'.The jury award of technical excellence was awarded to Pankaj Kumar for 'Ship Of Theseus' while Musa Sayeed was given the special jury award for the film ' Valley Of Saints'.In the 'Celebrate Age' category, 'Night Boats' was adjudged the best film while 'The Delay' was the runner-up and 'Ping Pong' received special mention by jury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962320", "title": "Remembering Sunil Gangopadhyay", "text": "Is a poet an acquired taste? Kabir Suman remembers how he discovered and internalized Sunil Gangopadhyay in a piece for TOI.Erica Jong said in her novel Fear of Flying: \"Courage, like caviar, is an acquired taste.\" So is poetry. I would go a step further and say \u2014 a poet is an acquired taste, too.In 1967 I was 18 and a college freshman. One day I saw on a Time magazine cover the picture of Ernesto Che Guevara lying dead. Later, I read a poem by Sunil Gangopadhyay. \"Che, your death puts me to shame\". If I have to go by any definition of \"poetry\" I would prefer the one given by the Bengali poet Arun Kumar Sarcar: \"Poetry is memorable utterances\". By saying so he brought things down to the quintessential. And, frankly, \"Che, your death puts me to shame\" was the first Sunil line or utterance that I found memorable. Was it because of my love for Che? Was it for any ideological reason? At the time of Che's death I didn't know much about him. I had just heard a few things here and there and read a few articles. That was all. When I looked at the Time magazine cover and saw his naked torso, his peaceful face, his eyes that were half open as though he refused to close them lest the enemies of the people all over the world elude his watchful vision, I felt ashamed. I can't explain why. When I read Sunil's \"utterance\" I could relate to him at once. That was possibly the moment. I discovered Sunil Gangopadhyay, the poet.My university days in the latter half of the 1960s were an unforgettable medley of literature, music, class bunking and all-day adda at the arts college canteen, voraciously reading all books other than those included in the curriculum, giving private tutorials to schoolgoing kids at 30 per head, buying 3 shilling 6 pence books for about 6, falling in love but not being able to express it, craving for a single kiss that refused to transpire, getting ditched, smoking cigarettes as per Samar Sen's Jobless Lover: \"I listen to the sounds of ships at the Khidirpur docks by night/ God of Love , sleep doesn't come, so I smoke cigarettes\". To be honest, it was not Sunil Gangopadhyay but Samar Sen who addressed my urban Calcuttan sensibilities more when I was about 19 or 20. Sunil wrote sprawling lines with imageries galore and those imageries did not always remind me of Calcutta. Samar Sen was terse, more colloquial, less ostensibly poetic.His poems were in the air But when those medley days were over and when sounds of distant (hand-made) bomb blasts and gunfire sent telltale signals through the William Styron's Confessions of Nat Turner and Graham Green's Of Power and Glory and John Steinbeck's Of Mice and Men nights \u2014 sleepless nights \u2014 and when the eerie silence that ensued was magically touched by the memories of intricate sargams by Ustad Amir Khan that I had just heard in one of his concerts at Rabindra Sadan, Calcutta, it was Sunil's voice that crept upon my mind: Come and see for yourself, Nikhilesh, how I am living.In those days we never said Sunil Gangopadhyay. Just Sunil would suffice. There was a friend who was a Krittibas addict. Sometimes he would enter the college canteen, make himself conspicuous by not joining the roaring adda that was going on and scream out a Sunil poem as though his act was a challenge he threw at us, those who, unlike him, didn't think that Krittibas, a poetry periodical, initiated by Sunil Gangopadhyay in the 1950s, was the manifesto of our age.I never bought any book of poems by Sunil. I didn't have to. His poems were simply in the city air. There was always some fellow student, who over a cup or two of tea made in the students' canteen by brewing tea-dust for hours and sweetened not with sugar but with molasses, would light a borrowed cigarette and state a poem by Sunil:\"This hand has touched Neera's face, could I use this hand to commit a sin, ever again?\"*I could also see that to some young men (always men and not women) Sunil's lines had become their own statements though in different contexts. \"Thirty-three years have gone by/ nobody kept their word.\" That's one such example. Frankly, I found myself making this statement when I turned thirty-four.Some of Sunil's lyric phrases made their rounds on the lips of young men who, I included, visibly savoured the tactile imageries the poet had used: \"You have washed your breasts with dew.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16963303", "title": "BSY to launch KJP on December 10", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa announced he'd take over as president of the Karnataka Janata Paksha (KJP) on December 10 in the presence of 4-5 lakh people.The Lingayat strongman on Thursday extended an invitation to his supporting ministers, legislators and MPs to attend the programme in Haveri, 350km from Bangalore, where he could launch KJP.\"Don't worry about action from the government and party; let's see what action they (BJP) will take. I invite all my supporters and well-wishers to the programme,\" Yeddyurappa told reporters here before leaving for Chamarajanagar.Yeddyurappa's close aide and former Union minister V Dhananjay Kumar, recently expelled from the BJP, has taken membership of KJP and expected to be temporary president till December 9. Kumar also dared the high command to take action against Yeddyurappa while holding state BJP president KS Eshwarappa responsible for the present crisis.Soon after, state BJP leaders attacked him. Party vice-president Bhanuprakash in Shimoga said BJP had given everything to Yeddyurappa and he should be grateful. \"He was made MLC after being defeated in the assembly elections in 1999. The BJP has given him everything and he should remember this,\" he said. Social welfare minister A Naranayaswamy said Yeddyurappa became chief minister because of the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16964734", "title": "Dasara-12 meets expectations", "text": "MYSORE: Dasara-2012 was a huge hit in spite of drought followed by a fortnight-long Cauvery agitation. It did not dampen the tourist inflow to Mysore this season. Also, the Naada Habba managed to bring cheer and contentment among the organizers. As in previous years, Mysore Zoo, Mysore Palace and Brindavan Gardens received good number of visitors. The city is still milling with visitors, thanks to public holidays. Though the state government had scaled down the event due to drought, the Naada Habba lived up to the expectations of the organizers and the visitors. DC PS Vastrad said that on Vijayadashami, the last day of the festival, the crowd was more than that of last year. The government released funds well in advance to ensure smooth work with regard to preparations.\"We worked hard to make the event successful. Adding to it, the media too played a vital role in its promotion. Cauvery agitation in the region did give the administration some tense moments,\" he said. Yuva Sambrahma, which replaced Yuva Dasara, had an overwhelming response, the DC said, adding that other cultural programmes were also finely-tuned this year. The latest edition had new additions like Cesna flights and sports which attracted large crowd.Vastrad pointed that a full-fledged Dasara website gave visitors the details of each and every event. The website received 3,34,860 hits and 93,824 netizens have watched the Jumboo Savari and torchlight parade through live streaming. \"Naada Habba received a good response from local visitors, but it did not attract tourists from other states and countries,\" said Mysore Hotel Owners' Association president M Rajendra. The head of food mela sub-committee also said that the mela pulled around 15,000 food lovers a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16970307", "title": "BMC to dole out Rs 140 crore as Diwali bonus to employees", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC), the richest civic body in the country will pay out Rs 140 crore in bonus to 1.3 lakh employees for Diwali this year. The decision was taken after a marathon meeting between mayor Sunil Prabhu and municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte.The civic body will pay 10% more as bonus as compared to last year. Municipal employees will receive Rs 12,500 as bonus while teachers and employees of civic aided private schools will receive Rs 6050, health workers Rs 3,300, Dattak Vasti yojana volunteers Rs 1,980 and contract labourers Rs 4,678. The amount will be paid in November prior to Diwali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16963151", "title": "Shutters down as industry protests power tariff hike", "text": "NASHIK: Industries in Nashik on Thursday protested against the power tariff hike by the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) as they shut operations for one shift, demanding roll back of the power tariff hike.A delegation of industrial bodies in Nashik, led by president of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) Dhananjay Bele, met district collector Vilas Patil and presented a memorandum seeking roll back.The state-wide bandh was called by the Chamber of Small Industries Association (COSIA) and Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industry &amp; Agriculture (MCCI&A;) to protest MSEDCL's power tariff hike of up to 50% for industries effective August 2012. Around half of the units closed their operations for a single shift, while some industries continued operations as they had to complete orders ahead of the Diwali festival. The automobile company Mahindra &amp; Mahindra (M&M;) and its 70 vendor companies kept their plants operational. Some companies kept their plants open, but did not operate.\"Maharashtra state is playing a great role in economic, industrial and cultural sectors in the country. We are aware of the state government's policy of promoting business in the state and attracting foreign investment in the state. The power tariff hike made by the MSEDCL is up to 50%. This will result in 30-40% rise in the production cost. Power contributes to 30-50% cost of production by some sectors like glass containers, steel, chemical, plastic, casting and foundry. This may cause industries either to migrate to other states or face the closure. This will make workers unemployable and also cause reduction in state government's income through taxes by the industries,\" states the memorandum submitted by the industry bodies to the district collector.The delegation also included president of Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) Suresh Mali, vice-president of MCCI&A; Santosh Mandalecha, former vice-president of MCCI&A; Digvijay Kapadia, President of Laghu Udyog Bharati Satish Sinrojkar and vice-president of Nashik Industrial Co-operative Estate (NICE).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959804", "title": "Indian and US navies hold submarine rescue operations", "text": "NEW DELHI: If an Indian submarine gets \"disabled\" deep underwater, the sailors are sunk since the country has only rudimentary submarine rescue facilities. Now, in a unique and complex endeavour, Indian and US Navies have come together to practise the rescue of \"trapped\" submariners from deep under the sea.The Indo-US submarine rescue exercise 'INDIAEX-2012' kicked off this week with the US Navy's Undersea Rescue Command flying down a submarine rescue system - a deep-submergence rescue vessel (DSRV) or a submarine rescue chamber (SRC) \u2014 to Mumbai, say officials.The DSRV or SRC is being shipped to the exercise area off Mumbai, where it will dive deep underwater to \"mate'' with \"disabled'' submarines to rescue sailors in intricate manoeuvres rarely practised by Indian sailors.A DSRV or \"mini submarine\", equipped with pressurised chambers, sonars and cameras, can rescue 24 sailors at a time from a depth up to 610 metre after \"mating\" with a stricken vessel's hatch.At present, Indian sailors only bank upon \"submarine escape pressurized suits'', or the help of diving support ships like INS Nireekshak, but they can be used only for relatively shallow depths.Navy's endeavour to procure two DSRVs of its own, for just about Rs 1,000 crore, has been stuck in the doldrums for well over a decade now. As \"an interim measure\" in 1997, India had inked the contract with US Navy for its \"global submarine rescue fly-away kit'' service, paying an initial $734,443 for it.But the agreement also got derailed due to the post-Pokhran-II sanctions in 1998. It was later revived in 2004, but there has been a huge delay in setting up the requisite infrastructure needed for it.This also included fitting of \"Padeyes'' \u2014 holding devices welded into submarine escape hatches to secure the DSRV \u2014 on Indian submarines. The US rescue system will be transported to India within 72 hours of an emergency.Proper submarine rescue facilities are critical for India since it has an ageing fleet of 14 diesel-electric submarines \u2014 10 Russian `Kilo' class and four German HDW ones \u2014 apart from the nuclear-powered INS Chakra leased from Russia earlier this year. There are also six French Scorpene submarines, being constructed at Mazagon Docks under the Rs 23,562 crore 'Project-75', slated for delivery in 2015-2020, three years behind schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959486", "title": "Safety of working women should be public concern: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: The safety of working women should be treated as a matter of public concern, the Bombay high court has said in its detailed judgment confirming death rap for the rapists-killers of Pune BPO employee Jyotikumari Chaudhary.On November 1, 2007 Chaudhary (22), who worked with Wipro's BPO at Hinjewadi, was raped and killed by Puroshottam Borate (then 26), the driver of a car hired by her company, and his friend Pradeep Kokade (then 20).The high court, on September 17, 2012, had upheld death penalty awarded to the two.In their 159-page judgment uploaded on October 23, 2012, a division bench of Justices V M Kanade and P D Kode categorically stated that women in the town would not be safe if the duo are released and there is no guarantee that they would not commit the same or similar offence. \"The accused committed the said act in a cold-blooded and diabolical manner,\" they said, adding that they are beyond reformation. The judges said they acted on their \"on their own with the sole object of disregard to civilized and moral values of showing respect and dignity to a woman and her life.\"The judges said neither their age, nor their family background or even their lack of criminal antecedents would be mitigating circumstances in their favour. \"So far as accused no.1 (Borate) is concerned, he was happily married and his wife was pregnant at the relevant time. However, the accused no.1 (Borate) did not take into consideration the condition of his wife or his mother while committing the said offence and, as a result, his wife deserted him and his widowed mother is being looked after by his nephew and niece. So far as accused no.2 (Kokade) is concerned, he has two sisters who are looking after his widowed mother,\" the judges wrote.The judges said there was blatant violation of rules laid down by the company. According to rules, if the first pick-up is of a female employee, there has to be a security guard in the vehicle. They added that Kokate not only disobeyed the rule but ensured that Borade, with whom he had tacit agreement, travels with him and sits in such a position where he could be in a position to overpower Jyotikumari, in case she resisted. \"Safety of women who travel alone while going to work or while coming back to their residences either from their office or from the airport is a matter of public concern,\" said the judges.Adding that the issue of their security must be addressed, they requested the chief justice to convert it into a public interest litigation to lay guidelines or issue directions to the government as well as private companies and public organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959780", "title": "Pedestrian death: Blueline driver let off", "text": "NEW DELHI: A blueline bus driver, who had been sentenced to a year in jail by a trial court for crushing a pedestrian to death by driving in a negligent manner, has been acquitted by a sessions court due to lack of proof.Additional sessions judge (ASJ) Savita Rao let off north Delhi resident Kishan Kumar on his appeal challenging the order of the magisterial court which had held him guilty of causing the man's death by driving in a rash and negligent manner.\"It cannot be concluded that the accident had occurred because of the negligence on the part of the accused. In absence of any proof of rashness or negligence on the part of Kumar while driving the vehicle, he is acquitted of the offence,\" the ASJ said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16962720", "title": "Maoists threaten to kill SPs", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A Maoist poster, found in Lakhna area in Nuapada district on Thursday, threatened to kill SPs of Balangir, Nuapada and Bargarh districts. The poster, while dissuading people not to help police launch combing operations in the area, said the SPs of the three districts deserve death punishment. After a gap of nearly one month, Maoists have made their presence felt in Nuapada district with the poster.Reports said the ultras have planned to call a bandh in the three districts on November 5 for which they have sought help from locals.Nuapada SP Uma Shankar Das, who confirmed that his Bargarh and Balangir counterparts too were issued threats, said police are investigating if the posters were really put up by Maoists. \"We have recovered the poster. Our teams are combing Lakhna area,\" the SP said. He suspected that the threat came in the wake of the bandh planned by Maoists.Maoists put up similar posters in Kendatera, Udyan Bandh and Kamkeda villages under Komna police limits in Nuapada district one month ago, in which the ultras threatened owners of country liquor manufacturing units with dire consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16962705", "title": "Bar council voters' list to contain photos of advocates to curb malpractices", "text": "ROHTAK: In order to avoid duplicity of voters and to expunge those who are no more in the profession, the Bar Council of India (BCI) has directed the Bar council of Punjab and Haryana (BCPH) to prepare the voters list by affixing the photographs of enrolled advocates.The BCI has postponed the elections, which were scheduled to be held in December this year, to April, 2013 and has asked the state bar councils of Haryana, Chandigarh and Punjab to prepare the preliminary list of voters by December 7.In a letter to the office-bearers and members of the BCPH on October 23, the secretary of the BCI JR Sharma, informed that while disposing off a review petition, the BCI has directed the BCPH to release the voters list containing photographs on December 10 and asked the council to publish a final list of voters as per the rules and also fixed the date of elections of the BCPH body on April 12, 13.A member of the BCPH, Bijender Ahlawat, informed that it would be for the first time when the elections would be held with the photo voters list to curb any possibility of malpractices in the elections.He said that the BCPH has taken the decision to affix photographs on voters list in 2008 which will be implemented in the next elections on completion of a term of five years of the present body of office bearers.\"The council has taken this decision to ensure fair elections and to delete and expunge the names of dead advocates and those who are not in regular practice or have joined other jobs/business etc. BCI has remarked there is no updated list of advocates on its rolls and the names of one advocate finds place in list of several bar associations. Only a few state Bar councils have taken steps to delete the names of dead advocates\", Ahlawat stated adding that BCI has asked other state Bar Councils to follow the example of BCPH in future.Around 60000 advocates enrolled in Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh would participate to elect the body of BCPH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960996", "title": "I thrive under pressure: Jenson Button", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jenson Button is a smooth talker. He walks the line between frankness and correctness with such consummate ease that the import of his words doesn't quite hit you till much later. Much like his style of driving, so smooth and in control that you forget it takes a good amount of skill to do that!Something his teammate, soon to be former, Lewis Hamilton has had trouble with recently. Constantly in the news for either saying something he shouldn't have or a social media gaffe, Hamilton's last few months at McLaren have been marred by bad press.Button has, at some time, been under the spotlight boat as his British counterpart, but has successfully managed to stay afloat. \"Yeah, whatever we do is under the spotlight,\" he begins. \"We're not just talking for ourselves; we are talking for several hundred people working within the team at MTC but also for our sponsors. You have to be very careful,\" he says.Button, like many others, was surprised by Hamilton's decision to leave. \"Everyone was quite surprised when Lewis decided to leave the team, but since then the atmosphere has been good. We all know that there are four races left and we want to get as many points as we can.\"The 32-year-old, who would love to one day participate in the Ironman World Championship, will be the man-in-charge at McLaren next year and it's a role he's looking forward to. \"I thrive under pressure and I enjoy that position. I had it in my previous team for many years and I'm very happy to do the same here,\" he happily says.Building a team is not the only aspect of being a F1 driver. Recently, he had a chance to build a limited edition Johnnie Walker whisky as well. \"I actually did 'build' the whisky - what I thought should go into it, what it should taste like. It was in Shanghai at the Johnnie Walker House. I wasn't allowed to taste it; it had to be all done through the nose. I had to smell different things like fruitcake, leather, spice... Initially, I was like, 'How am I going to develop a whisky from all this?' But it turned out to be amazing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16963689", "title": "Thirteen from Nashik for World Biathlon", "text": "NASHIK: In a major boost to the comparatively new game in Nashik-Biathlon, a big contingent of 13 players from the city have found berths in the Indian team for the 14th Biathle World Cup to be held in Dubai from November 1 to 3.Biathle comprises of running , swimming and running in that order. The national event was held in Nashik a couple of months ago. The biathletes selected are: (U-10) Krishna Gadakh, Sahik Tejale, Atharv Bhatkhande and Aditi Patil (U-12) Harshal Shardul, Tridha Iyer, (U-14) Tanmay Patil, Puja Ghule, Girisha Tokekar, Manswi Iyer, Shweta Shardul, Jagruti Shahare and (Masters) Sunil Tejale.The SAI swimming coach Shankar Madgundi who trains the swimmers at the Veer Sawarkar Swimming Pool and Bhosala Military School has been named as the Indian team coach and will be in the plane for Dubai.Out of the 13 players nine are from the SAI Swimming Centre, Bhosala Military School while four are from the Veer Sawrakar Pool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959110", "title": "Local bodies can give nod for constructions near airports", "text": "MUMBAI: Obtaining a no-objection certificate (NOC) to construct a building around airports has become a tad easy with the civil aviation ministry stating that local bodies will have the power to give the permission according to their own regulations and bylaws, as long as they follow the zoning maps to be prepared by the Airports Authority of India (AAI).According to the ministry's new plan, the AAI will prepare colour-coded zoning maps for each airport, specifying the gradation in the heights of buildings depending on the distance from runways, and hand them over to the local planning bodies such as the municipal corporation in the city. The body will be empowered to sanction constructions based on AAI rules as well as its own regulations.Builders seem to be happy with the news, hoping that the development would facilitate quicker granting of NOCs for which they have to wait for a long time. \"The AAI is yet to finalize the zoning maps; we will have to wait and watch if it increases the maximum permissible height to which a building near an airport can be built. Local bodies can grant permission for buildings of those heights only. Nevertheless, it is a good decision and it will significantly reduce the amount of time usually taken by the AAI to grant an NOC for building plans,\" CMD of Rustomjee Developers Boman Irani said.Till now, to construct a building near an airport, a developer had to approach the AAI for approval. But the airports' authority had no dedicated section to handle such applications, as a result of which NOCs would take a long while to be granted and subsequently, projects worth crores of rupees would stalled indefinitely.Now after giving the nod, the local body concerned will have to submit its copy of permission granted to the designated office of the AAI within a month of sanctioning the building map. The local body will, however, not have any say for building plans that exceed the measurements indicated on the zoning map; for those, the developer will have to approach a designated officer of the AAI who will assess the obstructions to be caused by the proposed structure. After consultation with the local body, if the AAI officer finds that the building plan conforms to the local regulations, it will give the nod. Otherwise, the NOC will not be issued. The applicant has the choice to appeal to the ministry of civil aviation if the AAI officer does not grant sanction for such a structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16961272", "title": "Feel terrible I put my family through this: Rajat Gupta", "text": "WASHINGTON: Rajat Gupta on Wednesday spoke feelingly about what his family has had to endure. ''Anita and I have brought up our daughters with the values of honesty, integrity and hard work. We are a close and loving family. They have had to endure a barrage of negative press about their father and husband, unkind comments from their colleagues and classmates, uncertain prospects for their future careers and a host of other negative outcomes. It is unbearable to me to see how much they have suffered. I just feel terribly that I have put them through this,'' he said.His eldest daughter Geetanjali, who is married into the family of a Nigerian diplomat, testified in court early on in proceedings, but it was the travails of his third daughter Aditi, who like her dad went to Harvard Business School (HBS), that Gupta seemed to be describing.In one of the most poignant moments of the trail, Aditi recounted how she suffered on campus because of her father's legal troubles, with news articles about her father's case \"magically appearing\" in her on-campus mailbox and an e-mail that circulated calling for HBS to cut all ties with Gupta, who served on the school's advisory board.She said she never told her father about these incidents, and ''Nor did I tell him... what it was like to try and maintain my composure in a class of 90 people when Preet Bharara'' -- the US attorney who prosecuted her father -- ''arrived to speak in one of my first year classes.''The Gupta family will repair to their primary residence in Westport, Connecticut, one of their several homes in the US, pending further challenges against the conviction by his legal team. For now though, it will be 10 more weeks of torment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16960728", "title": "Handle important projects with transparency", "text": "The Mantralaya makeover will be under intense scrutiny, given the number of scams that have been uncovered in several major projects undertaken by the government. So, it is imperative that the project is handled with total transparency. But the way things have taken off suggests that lessons have not been learnt and the same mistakes, which have led to scams in the past, could be repeated. The Mantralaya is the seat of governance in Maharashtra and its makeover needs to be handled more professionally; even a whiff of a scandal in this project can lead to serious political repercussions.Related story:  Chief architect told not to attend meets to discuss Mantralaya renovation project", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16961420", "title": "Windows 8: Different versions explained and Indian pricing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Windows 8 has been launched. The new OS is significantly different from Windows 7 or Windows XP. It has a number of new features that will -- for good or bad -- change the way you work with computers. We highlighted some of the changes in a feature here as well as talked about how Windows 8 fares in day-to-day usage .If you are planning to get Windows 8, you should read them and then decide whether you want or not. But just to recap, here are a few points that may help you reach a decision:1-Windows 8 has some learning curve associated with it, but once you get hang of how it works (it will take around a week or two), you will find that Windows 8 is overall much simpler to use and is much better looking compared to earlier Windows.2-Windows 8 works best if you have computer or laptop with a touchscreen.3-If you like the simplicity and user interface of tablets, you will likely love Windows 8.4-Overall, Windows 8 is faster and smoother compared to Windows 7.5-Microsoft has tried to simplify the OS. In some cases this means lots of options used by power users are buried deep inside the system. For example, even Start button has been removed. You may not like Windows 8 if you are a power user.6-Currently, the Windows Store doesn't have many apps that you may use on daily basis. But whatever apps it has are beautiful and simple to use. Though some users may find the apps too simple.So, after carefully weighing everything you decided to get Windows 8? Ok. But before we talk about availability, let's take a look at different versions of Windows 8.Windows RT: Pay special attention to this version. A consumer won't be able to buy it in the open market but it is important that you know about it. Windows RT is the most basic version of Windows 8. It is meant ONLY for computers or tablets that run on ARM processors. This means, if a tablet or computer runs on AMD or Intel processor it can't be powered by Windows RT. At least, not at the moment.The difference between Windows RT and other versions of Windows 8 is that on the device powered by Windows RT, you will not be able to run legacy apps. If you are a geek, here is a better explanation: Windows RT can't run X86 programmes. Only compatible programmes sold or distributed through Windows Store will run on devices powered by Windows RT. This means if you buy Microsoft Surface, a tablet which is powered by Windows RT, you can't download and run VLC Player or Picasa or Firefox on it.To be specific, Windows RT is meant for tablets. It will offer probably better battery life and will be much simpler to use, but in terms of functionality, it is likely to be limited compared to a proper computer.Windows 8 Enterprise: This version is for customers who want volume licencing. The enterprise version has several specific features that are important for system administrators in large companies.Windows 8: This is the vanilla version of the new OS. And it lacks features like Encryption and Windows-To-Go. Currently, Microsoft has not announced any pricing for it.Windows 8 Pro: This is the version of Windows that Microsoft is pushing in the market at the moment. It has almost all the features of Windows 8. The only bits missing are the ones used by enterprise customers. If you are buying a computer with Windows 8 or want to update the OS on your existing machine, this is the version you should buy.Hardware requirements: Microsoft has said that any computer that is running Windows 7 can run Windows 8 with ease. If you want to be specific, the company says that a machine should have:1GHz or faster processor, 1GB RAM (32-bit) or 2GB RAM (64-bit), 16GB available hard disk space (32-bit) or 20GB (64-bit), DirectX 9 graphics device with WDDM 1.0 or higher driver. For Modern UI apps a screen with a resolution of 1024x768 pixels is mandatory.Now, let's talk about how you can get Windows 8.Microsoft believes that most people will get the new OS when they buy a new computer. So, it is focussing a lot on making sure that Windows 8 runs on all new computers sold in the market. According to the company, from today onwards over 250 models of Windows 8-powered computers and tablets will be available in Indian market.But if you are someone who wants to buy Windows 8 for your existing computer, you have three options at the moment.If you bought your computer after June 2, 2012 you can pay Rs 699 to upgrade to Windows 8 Pro. This offer will last until January 31, 2013.If you use Windows XP, Windows Vista or Windows 7, you can upgrade to Windows 8 Pro after paying Rs 1,999. This offer will last until January 31, 2013. One important thing to note here is that this offer is applicable only if you download the installation disk of Windows 8 from Microsoft website.If for some reason you cannot download the OS and need the retail box, you can buy Windows 8 Pro at a price of around Rs 4,000. This offer too is valid until January 31, 2013. After that the OS is likely to cost above Rs 11,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16961391", "title": "The Sikhs here love Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Satwant Kaur is a demure and pleasing person. Though advancing age and her arthritis knee may have weakened her, at 73 she is the oldest living Sikh in a close-knit community in Kochi.Accompanying her husband, Harban Singh Sethi, she came to Kerala in the late 1960s. Doctors back in their hometown, Patiala, wanted her husband to move to the south to regain his health. Slowly he fell in love with this place and shifted to Kochi. Theirs was the first family of Sikhs to settle in the city.Now more than 25 Sikh families call the Queen of Arabian Sea their home. A proof of that is the Gurudwara they built in Thevara. It is here that the faithful from all over the city congregate on important days in the Sikh calendar. Sitting on a 25-cent land, the Gurudwara has now become an easily recognizable landmark in the city.Every Sunday, all the members of the Sikh community meet here. Interestingly, it is not just the Sikhs who come here; some of the Punjabis in the city too make it to the Gurudwara on festive occasions.The city now has many more Sikhs and Punjabis, thanks to the Navy and the Coast Guard.\"When a naval ship visits Kochi, the Sikhs in it come here to pray,\" said Bunty Singh, Satwant Kaur's son, a Kochi-born Sikh who speaks Malayalam fluently.Since most of those in the Navy are here only for three years, they make friends with the locals and the camaraderie continues till it is time for transfer.Satwant Kaur remembers the choices she had to make while coming here. \"My husband looked at this as a good business option, and opened a new automobile spare parts business in the city. But Kochi was so far away from home and it wasn't easy initially to adjust to the different culture,\" she recalled. It was a Muslim friend in Thevara who was most helpful in that phase of her life here. This friend, whose name she doesn't remember now, was the person who helped her husband and her learn the first few words in Malayalam.Even though they adore this place, Punjabis who love their food, miss that in this city. \"Here we don't get authentic Punjabi cuisine that we normally get in other cities. That is the only thing that we miss here,\" Bunty said. Asked why no Punjabi had started a dhaba in Kochi, Bunty said not many were ready to take the risk. \"Though it will be a surefire success, there won't be any time for the family,\" he said. Other than the Sikhs, there are around 25 families from Punjab who have made Kochi their home. \"We are comfortable here and mingle with the rest of the North Indian communities,\" said Prakash, a businessman who has been here for the last 22 years.\"I used to be in Hyderabad, and later moved here. Now I can speak Malayalam as well as Telugu,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962706", "title": "'Clashes were common in Cuttack during puja'", "text": "Seventy-eight-year-old Akshaya Kumar Panda was the first general secretary of Cuttack Mahanagar puja committee, which was formed in 1974 to ensure Durga Puja celebrations pass off in a peaceful manner in the city. In those days, clashes between various puja committees were quite common in the city, but the puja committee under Panda's leadership managed to control the nuisances to a great extent. Panda goes down the memory lane and recalls his experience as the secretary of the puja committee.Q-When was the Mahanagar puja committee formed in Cuttack and why?A-The Mahanagar puja committee was formed in Cuttack in 1974 with an aim to ensure that Dussehra is celebrated in a peaceful manner in the city. In those days, clashes over boundary dispute were quite common in the thousand-year-old city. The disputes between various localities used to turn violent during the puja. So, the then collector of Cuttack Pyarimohan Samantray decided to form a committee which will ensure that puja celebrations pass off in a peaceful manner in the city. Samantray was the first president of the puja committee and I was elected as the general secretary. I served at the post for about 20 years.Q-What measures were taken by the committee to ensure a peaceful Dussehra in the city?A-We really had to work hard the entire year to make Dussehra peaceful in Cuttack. We used to conduct sahi (locality) meetings and convince them to celebrate the festival with love and brotherhood instead of resorting to violence. We used to convene peace meeting at various localities and tried to resolve their disputes. We had to work at the grassroot level. Sometimes our advice was accepted happily by the headman of a locality and sometimes opposed. I remember during one such clash I was beaten up badly by the members of a locality, but I did not give up. I was elected a Rajya Sabha MP in 1981. Despite my busy schedule I continued my work as the general secretary of the puja committee. My hard work paid off as clashes were reduced to a great extent during my tenure.Q-Are you happy with the way puja celebrations are being carried in the city today?A-I am happy and delighted to see that now no more violence takes place in the city during Dussehra or any other puja celebrations. Denizens are celebrating the festivals unitedly without the difference of caste and religion.Q-How was Dussehra celebrated in Cuttack then?A-Dussehra celebrations in Cuttack have always been a big affair. In those days also, the puja committees celebrated the festival in a grand way. Two puja committees used to put up silver tableaux while other committees decorated the idols with zari medha and the entire city was decked up with colourful lights. People from across the state thronged to Cuttack to catch a glimpse of the festival. On the immersion day, the deities were carried on shoulders by puja committee members to the river. However, the number of puja committees in the city was less then. We encouraged the puja committees to contribute money to chief minister's relief fund and they also spent part of the money on social service.Q-How do you feel when you see the puja committees of Cuttack vying with each other in the race to add silver tableaux and gold ornaments to the deities?A-Nowadays, competition among puja committees has increased a lot. The puja committees are spending lakhs of rupees in decorating the pandals and adoring the deities with gold and silver, but contributing little for the betterment of the poor and the downtrodden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16965210", "title": "Jahnu Baruah\u2019s Assamese film premiere after 9 years", "text": "GUWAHATI: After a hiatus of 9 years, internationally acclaimed director Jahnu Baruah's Assamese venture \"Baandhon\" was premiered here on Thursday. The film has been selected by Indian Panorama feature film jury as the opening movie of the 43rd International Film Festival of India in Goa slated from November 20 to 30.The film, which has been produced by Assam State Film (Finance and Development) Corporation Limited, stars noted Assamese actor Bishnu Khargoria in the lead role. It also features popular actors Jatin Bora, Zerifa Wahed and Molloya Goswami. Baruah has directed an Assamese film after a hiatus of nine years.Due to lack of enthusiasm and avenues to make Assamese films here, Jahnu Baruah had decided not to direct any Assamese film in the near future. It was after much request by the state film corporation that the director agreed to do so.\"The film will get the kind of support from the filmgoers that the Assamese film industry is looking forward to,\" said Baruah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962770", "title": "DJ Aqeel at Underground, The HHI", "text": "All he needed to do was announce, Shake it Daddy! And the whole nightclub erupted in unison! DJ Aqeel, the baap of Bollywood remixes, took over Underground, The HHI, with some heady potboilers that made revellers on Ashtami night dance like there was no tomorrow.There was no dearth of pretty ladies in the house. Actor Koneenica was spotted with friends \u2014 Lopa and model Rachel White.Nusrat Jahan too looked fetching in a black dress with silver stripes. With the beats from the spin king's console driving the party people nuts, there were murmurs of 'this is the best way to live it up on Ashtami' among the crowd. Need we say more?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16962439", "title": "Apple nets record $8.2 billion profit on iPhone sales", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apple on Thursday revealed record revenue and profit figures for the fourth quarter ended September 2012, riding on 58 per cent higher iPhone sales over the same period last year, even as new worries emerged for the US firm.Apple iPhone 5 coming to India on November 2In comparison, the company had recorded a revenue of $28.3 billion and net profit of $6.6 billion, or $7.05 per diluted share, in the year-ago quarter. However, it saw its gross margin decline by a fraction to 40 per cent compared with 40.3 per cent in the year-ago quarter.Higher international sales accounted for 60 percent of the quarter's revenue. Apple ended the quarter with $121.3 billion in cash and securities, of which $83 billion was offshore.Apple sold 26.9 million iPhones in the quarter, representing 58 per cent unit growth over the year-ago quarter.But the reported iPad sales by Apple fell short of Wall Street's expectations, marring the company's record of consistently exceeding investors' expectations. It sold 14.0 million iPads during the quarter, a modest 26 percent unit increase in the same period. It was well below the forecasts as the economy remained weak and consumers also awaited the iPad mini , for which pre-orders started on Thursday night.Apple's computer sales seem to have virtually frozen as it sold 4.9 million Macs during the quarter, a mere1 percent unit increase over the year-ago quarter. Apple also saw a 19 per cent unit sales decline at 5.3 million iPods.As a result, shares in the world's most valuable technology company briefly dipped to levels not seen since the start of August, after it delivered a 27 percent rise in revenue. The share later bounced back after the CEO Tim Cook's conference call with analysts.Apple's board of directors declared a cash dividend of $2.65 per share of the company's common stock. The dividend - same as the previous quarter ending July - will be payable on November 15, to shareholders as per records on close of day on November 12.\"We're very proud to end a fantastic fiscal year with record September quarter results,\" said Tim Cook , Apple's CEO, in a statement. \"We're entering this holiday season with the best iPhone, iPad, Mac and iPod products ever, and we remain very confident in our new product pipeline.\"Together with the iPad 2, these two new iPads (iPad 3 and Mini) run more than 275,000 apps in the App Store. Recognised revenue from sales of iPad and iPad accessories during the quarter was up by 9% at $7.5 billion compared to $6.9 billion in the year-ago quarter. Apple ended the quarter with about 3.4 million iPads in channel inventory, a sequential increase of about 200,000, pointed out Cook.\"We're pleased to have generated over $41 billion in net income and over $50 billion in operating cash flow in fiscal 2012,\" said Peter Oppenheimer, Apple's chief financial officer (CFO).\"Looking ahead to the first fiscal quarter of 2013, we expect revenue of about $52 billion and diluted earnings per share of about $11.75.\"This targeted revenue of $52 billion in the December quarter is below the average estimate of $55 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Similarly, Apple is expecting margins to grow by 36 per cent, far lower than analysts' expected 43 per cent.Oppenheimer mostly attributed the lower margin and conservative guidance to a combination of a stronger dollar, higher costs associated with new products, and the fact that Apple's next fiscal quarter has one less week than the same period a year ago.Apple's stock was holding steady at $609.40 in extended trade after flirting with the $600 level. The shares had ended regular trade at $609.54.Supply constraints holding up sales of the iPad and iPhone dominated discussions between analysts and Apple executives during the post-results conference call. Apple has struggled to deliver large quantities of the iPhone 5 since its launch in late September, with the waitlist for the device at one point stretching to three weeks in some regions.\"Our supply output is significantly higher than it was in early October,\" Cook said, referring to the iPhone 5. \"And I'm confident that we'll be able to supply quite a few during the quarter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16960816", "title": "Right to Education for children in Gujrat jails", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Children lodged in state jails along with their mothers will have access to proper education by next year. Gujarat jail authority have not only made arrangements for classrooms at various prisons in the state but have also written a letter to the state education department to cover 43 children under the Right to Education (RTE).If these children are covered under RTE, they would be able to attend 'normal' schools with other children; it will develop their mental faculties and will also provide them with books, stationery and mid-day meals, a major boost for them to continue education. As per the prison rules, the children up to age of eight years can live with their mothers. After that, they are either handed over to the woman's relatives or sent to observation home.PC Thakur, additional director general of police (prisons), said that they have written to the state education department about the children being provided facilities under RTE. \"At the moment, Yogkshem Manav Gaurav Sansthan runs kindergarten and primary classes for the children at Ahmedabad and Vadodara prisons. We are very proud of the students as they have managed to score high marks in the examination conducted by external observers,\" he said.Vadodara prison, having the highest number of women prisoners in the state, will soon get a special women's prison where there will be special areas for kids and classrooms.Rajendra Shukla of Yogkshem Sansthan, told TOI that the organization has educated more than 100 children in the past three years. \"They live in a totally different world. We had taken a group for picnic last year when a six-year old girl started stuffing the ice cream cone in her skirt. When the volunteers asked what she was doing, she innocently replied that she wanted to take it to jail for her mother. She had never seen an ice cream and was unaware that it could melt. Thus, the challenge for us is to normalize them with regular exposure to the outside world,\" he said.Who are these children? Prison officials say women accused of murder, attempt to murder, dowry deaths, bootlegging, drug peddling and other crimes come to jail. While sometimes, the delivery itself takes place during the jail term, sometimes the children are too small and need comfort of a mother. At such times, they stay inside the prison till they attain the age of eight years. To keep them engaged, the NGOs donate toys and books and also invite magicians, storytellers and educationists at regular intervals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16963952", "title": "WHO bulletin likely to carry story of Jaipur's baby Damini", "text": "JAIPUR: The World Health Organization (WHO) is likely to write an article in its bulletin on baby Damini with the focus that in a state like Rajasthan which has skewed sex ratio and high maternal mortality ratio, there are still people who are worried about girl children. In the wirite-up, WHO may also highlight the efforts of Damini's father Bablu as an inspiring story to save the girl child.Bablu's wife died soon after Damini's birth and since then Bablu carried the child on a shoulder sling while peddling his rickshaw to earn a livelihood.A WHO official from United Kingdom talked to the doctors treating the ailing daughter of the rickshaw puller over the phone to inquire about her health. \"A WHO official talked to me asking about the health of the girl child. He was concerned about the health of the baby. He also expressed interest in publishing the story of Bablu and his girl child in WHO's bulletin,\" Dr Jai Krishan Mittal said.Damini got seriously ill and was admitted to a private hospital in Jaipur on Sunday.Dr Mittal, who is in charge of neonatal intensive care unit (NICU), Fortis Escorts hospital, said a lot of people are calling to know about the health of the girl child from across the world. He also talked about a taxi driver in America, who is also concerned about the girl child. \"Someone who received the call of the taxi driver told me that he was crying. He said the taxi driver collected money from other persons, including a maximum number from Pakistan , for the girl child,\" Dr Mittal said.Damini, who was admitted to the hospital with respiratory distress, shock, fungal septicemia, renal failure and life-threatening electrolyte disturbance, has gained worldwide attention. \"Right now, Damini is showing signs of recovery, she is maintaining her respiration without ventilator and her blood pressure without any inotropic drugs. She is safe and out of danger. At the moment, she is on anti-fungal and support therapy. From nutrition perspective, we have started feed through nasogastric (NG) tube. Her clinical parameters are within the normal limits,\" Dr Mittal said.Doctors treating her also said when the girl was brought to the hospital, her weight was only 1,400 grams and they are now trying to increase her weight to 2.5kg in the next coming days. Dr Mittal said her weight is increasing.Her father Bablu expressed satisfaction over the recovery of her girl child and said, \"I met the doctors. My daughter is recovering.\"\"An NGO wanted to give accommodation to my daughter. I refused the offer. I am capable of bringing up my daughter. You can take away all the money which is accumulated as help from different parts of the world, but I want to keep my daughter with me,\" he said.Bablu also thanked people for their prayers and well wishes. Alok Sharma, Bharatpur child welfare committee president, said over Rs15 lakh has been deposited as help for Bablu's daughter from different parts of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "durban", "code": "16963065", "title": "CLT20: Morris speechless after 'unbelievable' performance", "text": "DURBAN: Star of Highveld Lions' Champions League Twenty20 semifinal win over Delhi Daredevils , pacer Chris Morris said picking up two wickets at an economy rate of just 1.75 in a T20 game was \"unbelievable\".Morris returned figures of 2 for seven in his four overs, getting rid of the dangerous duo of David Warner (21) and Kevin Pietersen (50). His effort was crucial in the Lions' 22-run triumph while defending 139 runs.\"It was just my day and the wicket was my type,\" said the little-known South African, who is yet to play a Test or ODI.\"I think bowling dot-balls is the key in T20 cricket. That's what puts pressure on the batsmen and gets you a wicket. The more pressure you create, the more number of wickets you'll get,\" he explained.\"I'm speechless at the moment. What an unbelievable day! The emotions that have gone into today's game are just something else. I'm just happy that we've made it till the end.\"Morris felt dismissing two of Delhi's most dangerous batsmen \"was not too bad\".\"KP's wicket was a lot sweeter since I'd dropped his catch,\" Morris said referring to the dropped catch off Jean Symes a couple of overs earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16960755", "title": "Khemka wanted hilly areas excluded from land consolidation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After detecting abuse of the land consolidation scheme in Gurgaon and Faridabad districts by \"vested business-politico-bureaucratic interests,\" Haryana's whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka had recommended to the government that uncultivable areas like \"pahaar\" (hilly terrain) must be excluded from the scheme.Claiming that huge investments were made to purchase land in Kot (Faridabad), Anangpur (Faridabad), Bandhwari (Gurgaon) and Rozka-Gujar (Gurgaon) villages through companies, Khemka sent a letter to the government saying that all these deals must be investigated to find out the actual owners of these investing firms. \"It seems that huge amounts of black money have been invested to purchase land in these villages through companies. Their real owners need to be disclosed through an independent investigation,\" he said in the letter sent to the government on August 27.He was transferred from the land holdings department to Haryana Seed Development Corporation on October 11.Khemka observed, \"Some senior public servants misused their position for a favorable exchange for themselves or their relatives or their companies floated for this purpose. Huge investments of black money and ill-gotten money have been made through companies in the purchase of land in some villages in Gurgaon and Faridabad districts to benefit from the consolidation scheme.\"\"A declaration of non-conflict of interest must be made by all public servants involved in the consolidation scheme to the government. Like insider trading, non-declaration of any conflict of interest should be made a penal offence by amending the consolidation Act. Consolidation officer, settlement officer, assistant director (consolidation), divisional commissioner and director (consolidation of holdings) must not own or have any interest, either direct or indirect, in the villages under consolidation.\"Certain measures are strongly recommended to be adopted in all 51 villages at present under consolidation and in 133 villages for which notification for consolidation will be issued in the future,\" he said in the letter.According to Khemka, \"The consolidation scheme should include only agriculture holdings. The inclusion of uncultivable area in the consolidation scheme presents a scope of immense misuse as was observed in villages like Anangpur, Kot and Rozka-Gujar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "16958834", "title": "Ulhasnagar corporator accused of illegal construction on river bed", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: Ex-MLA Pappu Kalani has accused BJP corporator Meena Ailani, wife of BJP MLA Kumar Ailani, of illegally encroaching river Valdhuni to carry out construction work on the river bed. The Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation commissioner passed an order to demolish the structure and take action against the accused under the MRTP Act.The complaint has been marked to the chief justice of Bombay HC and special development officer as well. Kalani claims that during the July 2005 floods, many died due to overflow of river water caused by the construction.The complaint alleges that 9,000-10,000 sq m of Valdhuni river has been illegally encroached upon by Meena Ailani and her kin Anita Bhatija with the approval of local civic officials. Kalani said, \"The width of Valdhuni river has been reduced to half due to the encroachment, which falls under the green zone of the UMC development. Huge stone walls have been erected in the middle of the river and thousands of trucks have dumped mud to raise the portion to the road level.\"Valdhuni river, which originates from Badlapur, drains the flood water during monsoon. Any encroachment will result in flood and immersion of huts close to the river. When questioned, Kumar Ailani said, \"My wife doesn't have any land in her name and the allegation made by Kalani is false.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurrgaon", "code": "16960536", "title": "Cops initiate women safety drive in Gurgaon", "text": "GURRGAON: The Gurgaon police have started a new campaign as part of their proactive approach to the issue of women's safety. In an attempt to boost women's safety in Gurgaon, police will visit BPOs and other corporate houses periodically and meet the women employees to know the exact nature of their problems.On the first day of the campaign on Thursday, DCP (west) Maheshwar Dayal and ACP (DLF) Bhupendra Singh visited IBM and other offices.\"We have started a drive to improve measures for women's security, as well as to increase awareness and self-confidence in them. We would interact with the IT firms, BPOs and corporate houses twice a month regularly in different companies. Providing a fair and free environment with regard to safety and security of women in Gurgaon is the motto of our campaign,\" Dayal said.A senior police officer said that on Thursday the DCP and ACP visited Sunlife financial %and IBM, located in Cyber Park. They spoke to the company officials about the safety and security measures for their women employees and took many suggestions from them during the interaction.NASSCOM Haryana Council is also actively working with Gurgaon Police to enhance the safety of women employees. Subinder Khurana, Chairman, NASSCOM Regional Council, Haryana, told TOI that police have also been proactively taking measures to improve women's safety, such as dramatically increasing the number of women employees.\"One of the critical gaps we saw was the lack of confidence the general public , especially women, had in approaching police for help. This is what prompted the DCP to seek meetings with women employed in the IT-BPO industry. We will continue to work with the %Gurgaon police to improve measures for women's security, as well as increase awareness and confidence among our employees'\" Khurana said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16958320", "title": "UP cabinet OKs smart cards as driving licence", "text": "LUCKNOW: Your driving licence will soon turn into a smart card. The state cabinet on Thursday gave approval to adopt smart card containing biometric records to be used as driving licence. Incentives for teachers in allopathic medical colleges of the state and financial assistance for the farmers involved in the cultivation of betel leaf were among other important decisions taken by the cabinet chaired by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav .Following repeated complaints of fake driving licences being in circulation allegedly in connivance with the staff of the regional transport office, the CM had mooted the idea of issuing smart cards as driving licences containing biometric records of the licence-holder. Based on government patented software 'Saarthi', the records of all such licences would be maintained at the RTO level, which will be later compiled in a state-level database and then in the form of a national data base, slated to come up in Delhi. The incorporation of biometric particulars of the licensee would make it mandatory for the applicant to make himself available at the RTO to file the application. This will help do away with forged licences. The records of all such licenses would be indexed on the basis of the bio-metric identification of the applicant.This will also help detect if a new applicant had already got a licence issued from elsewhere by matching the biometric identification samples with the database maintained at the state level. The new smart card will also contain a chip in which the traffic department would be able to record the traffic violations for which the licensee had been booked for earlier.The government also allocated Rs 1 crore to help betel growers in 21 districts including Unnao, Sitapur, Barabanki, Sultanpur, Lalitpur, Mahoba, Banda, Pratapgarh, Jaunpur, Ballia, Ghazipur, Azamgarh, Kanpur, Allahabad, Amethi, Varanasi, Mirzapur and Sonbhadra. The growers will be provided financial assistance to improve the quality and quantum of their crop.In another major decision, the government has decided that the teaching faculty in all allopathic colleges who are set to retire in between the academic session will be entitled to continue with their job till the end of the academic session - fixed as June 30 every year. This means if a teacher, lecturer, professor or the principal of an allopathic college is set to retire in between the academic session, will be allowed to continue teaching for the ongoing session.The facility will be offered to those who, as per the recommendations of the Indian Medical Council had been teaching a particular subject on regular basis for the last three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964015", "title": "Imran Khan spent a month with 5 Haryanvi Jats", "text": "Imran Khan had no idea that training for 'Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola' would mean that he would have to hang out with five Jat boys from Delhi to imbibe their language and mannerisms.When Imran Khan agreed to do Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola , Vishal Bhardwaj asked him to completely change his body language and learn Haryanvi for the film. Vishal had already requested N.K. Sharma who runs the Delhi based theatre group to train Imran for the film. The coach introduced Imran to five young Jat men and asked him that to really get into the skin of the character he should spend a lot of time with these men. And for one whole month, Imran spent about five hours every day with them.\"Imran had to eat with them, go shopping with them and even practice his dialogues with them\", says a source associated with the film. \"And to make matters tough N.K. Sharma had instructed the boys to talk to Imran only in Haryanvi and told Imran to attempt his response also in Haryanvi every time they asked him something so that he could master the language as well as learn their body language. So much so that Irman was not allowed to even utter a word of English for an entire month.\"After a month of the rigorous but unconventional training, when the tough coach and the tougher director Vishal Bhardwaj were convinced that Imran had mastered the dialect and body language, they decided that he was ready to start shooting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960126", "title": "List 2G witnesses on whom there is no consensus, Yashwant Sinha says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Joint Parliamentary Committee chairperson P C Chacko should present a list of witnesses that includes names of political and business figures on whom there is no consensus before the panel for its consideration, BJP leader Yashwant Sinha has said.Taking up BJP's demand that the PM Singh and the finance minister P Chidambaram be summoned before the committee, Sinha said Chacko should not take recourse to technicalities to evade the issue.\"The chairperson's reference to a rule that the committee will decide by majority is misleading as the panel has not been asked to consider the matter. It cannot be a private perception of majority,\" Sinha said.The ex-finance minister said if Chacko wants to test the mood of the committee, he should frame an appropriate reference to the JPC. \"The committee should be asked for its views on witnesses on whom there is no common ground,\" he said.All names can be put before the committee but a majority clause cannot be invoked to prevent a thorough probe, he said.\"The Speaker has rightly directed the committee to first take a view instead of sending her half-baked proposals,\" Sinha said.He said the party's boycott of JPC proceedings was forced by the committee chair's refusal to allow a detailed probe. \"How can questions raised by the examination of witnesses like the RBI governor and former cabinet secretary be answered without the FM and PM presenting their views,\" Sinha asked. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958818", "title": "Two of gang arrested for vehicle theft", "text": "MUMBAI: The Dharavi police recently arrested two members of a gang for allegedly stealing six Honda City cars from South Mumbai and western suburbs in less than two months. The arrested accused \u2014 Zuber Shaikh (27) from Bandra and Sabir Sayyed\u2014 used duplicate master keys to unlock cars.Police recovered six sedans stolen from JJ Marg, Juhu, Bandra and Versova. They are searching for two others who provided the master keys. \"The duo arrested was involved in more than 30 cases of bag-snatchings in the past. They chose to steal only Honda City cars from posh residential complexes. In less than two months, they stole six sedans,\" said DCP (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni.The two were caught from Dharavi on October 21 where they came to strike a deal with a police decoy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16958977", "title": "3 ex-chief ministers under lens over Nice land allotment", "text": "BANGALORE: A special Lokayukta court on Thursday ordered an investigation into the role of three former Karnataka chief ministers in the allocation of land to Nandi Infrastructure Corridor Enterprises (Nice) for the construction of an expressway between Bangalore and Mysore.The former CMs under the scanner are H D Deve Gowda, S M Krishna and B S Yeddyurappa.Judge N K Sudhindra Rao ordered Lokayukta police to investigate the role of former ministers R V Deshpande and D K Shiva Kumar and Nice managing director Ashok Kheny in land allocation.The court ordered the attachment of toll collected for the past two years from vehicles using the Peripheral Ring Road of the Bangalore Mysore Infrastructure Corridor (BMIC). Lokayukta police will look into the agreement between Nice and ICICI Bank.Of 102 persons named in the complaint by social activist TJ Abraham, over 30 are named in the court order.\"Lokayukta additional director general of police HNS Rao should head a team of officers in the investigation. He will be assisted by four deputy superintendents of police. Two of the buildings owned by Nice should also be attached,\" the order said.A Nice representative said: \"After studying the order, we will take appropriate legal recourse in the higher courts.\"The court also asked Abraham to issue a public notice to the affected parties, including those who lost their land, to facilitate collection of complete information about the project.The complaint filed with the Lokayukta court on July 18 named three former CMs, a former law secretary who is now a sitting Karnataka high court judge and 57 IAS officials. The names of the judge and some others were deleted by the court. The hearing was adjourned to November 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965822", "title": "Britney Spears' ex manager became suicidal", "text": "Britney Spears' former manager Sam Lutfi has said that he got death threats because of the claims made in a book written by the singer's mum.Lutfi is suing the popstar and her parents on various grounds and claims Lynne Spears defamed him in her book.\"There was a huge spike of death threats that were pretty bad,\" the BBC quoted him as telling the court in Los Angeles .\"People I know were shunning me. Websites were created to kill me. People wished I was dead,\" he said.Lutfi said he became \"depressed, anxious and suicidal\" following accusations in 'Through the Storm,' that he controlled Spears' life.With his lawyer Joseph Schleimer reading extracts from the book, Lutfi denied claims that he drugged the singer, hid her mobile phones and tried to keep her parents away from her.The accusations refer to the years that Lutfi was the singer's manager, before he was let go from her team in 2008.Lutfi denies the claims and said that he looked after Spears during her psychiatric episode and helped to control the paparazzi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962873", "title": "Nagpur lakes suffer as Durga immersions go unmonitored", "text": "NAGPUR: All the hoopla created around eco-friendly immersion of idols seems restricted only to Ganesh idols as city lakes bear a forlorn look after Durga immersions. Nirmalya and other 'holy' remains of Navratri are floating over the city lakes, and this time, even oil can be seen over the waters.During Ganesh immersions, police, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials and NGOs were present in strength at major city lakes to ensure an eco-friendly immersion. Nirmalya was being collected before mud idols were being immersed in the lakes and PoP idols were being immersed in special tanks. All of them were gone during Durga immersions. No effort, either by NMC or by the NGOs towards an eco-friendly immersion was visible on Thursday.Telangkhedi lake was in a pitiable condition. The bank was strewn with nirmalya in considerable quantity. A thin layer of oil could be spotted from time to time at various places. \"The oil is coming from the 'akhand jyot' that people ignite during nine-day festival. They bring it in a small mud pot and put the whole thing in the lake. The oil floats over the lake surface blocking oxygen from being absorbed by the water,\" said Kaustav Chatterjee, an environmentalist.Even Sonegaon, which was a huge success during Ganesh immersions with almost no pollution of the lake, was not spared this time. Here too, nirmalya accumulated especially on the right side of the lake and thin film of oil could be seen on the water.When immersions were happening on final day of Ganesh festival in artificial tank of Sonegaon, ducks could be seen on the lake, serenely pedalling away. On Thursday, there were none. The tale of Sakkardara lake was no different and it too was polluted by nirmalya. The layer of oil could cause a lot of harm to aquatic life as it blocks oxygen and sun rays penetrating the surface of water.NMC commissioner Shyam Wardhane told TOI that in his briefing before Ganesh festival he had issued orders for both Ganesh and Durga devi immersions. \"We are working for eco-friendly immersions, not just for one festival. I will find out how this lapse occurred and appropriate action will be taken,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16958826", "title": "Saina Nehwal celebrates No. 3 rank with thumping win at French Open", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saina Nehwal reclaimed the world No. 3 status and celebrated her elevation in style with a thumping victory over Sapsiree Taerattanachai of Thailand (21-16, 21-13) in the pre-quarterfinals of the Yonex French Open Super Series in Paris on Thursday.An aggressive Ajay Jayaram, the only other Indian left in the fray, was shown the door by Peter Hoeg Gade of Denmark 21-18, 17-21, 14-21 in the second round.Saina, who had lost her third rank in April, 2011, moved up the ladder after clinching the Denmark Open on Sunday, having secured 11000 points. With 80361.7444 points, Saina moved behind Olympic gold medalist Li Xuerui (85926.7153) and world champion Wang Yihan (93232.7491). A title in Paris may help Saina to add 3000 more points. No. 2 rank in July 2010 has been Saina's best show so far.After struggling against China's Li Han on Wednesday, where she complained of not being able to sight the bird from one side of the court, Saina looked in great touch against Sapsiree. Though Sapsiree stayed close till 13-13 in the first game, she hardly troubled Saina. From 13-13, Saina moved to 18-13 before wrapping up the game at 21-16.The top-seeded Indian was even more comfortable in the second. Sapsiree was nowhere in the contest. From 1-1, Saina went into the break with a comfortable margin of 11-7. She widened the gap to 19-11, forcing Sapsiree to give up.\"It was a nice game. She is very active on court and is basically a smash player. But I was ready for her every move. It's a great feeling to be back again at No. 3,\" said Saina.The unexpected exit of Chinese players like Asian Games champion and second seed Shixian Wang and sixth seed Yanjiao Jiang from the bottom half of the draw have brightened Saina's title chances.Shixian's ouster weakened the field as veteran Tine Baun of Denmark, Juliane Schenk of Germany and three-time world junior champion, Ratchanok Intanon of Thailand are the only players of repute left in the fray.In the quarters on Friday, Saina will meet Ratchanok. Saina has a 3-1 record against Ratchanok.Jayaram was off to a brilliant start as he moved to 17-8 in a jiffy in the first game. Here, the Indian showed some unnecessary aggression and paid through his nose. Relying too much on pushes, Jayaram gave a chance to Gade to figure him out. Though the Dane lost the first game at 17-21, he was ready with a perfect plan.From second game onwards, Gade controlled the pace of the match with his intelligent placements and forced the Indian to commit mistakes. Had Jayaram slowed down a bit, he could have troubled Gade. From 12-12, Gade moved ahead and widened the margin to 15-12 and 18-13, leaving little chance for the Indian to comeback. It was no different in the third as Gade broke free from 11-11.Late on Friday, the men's doubles duo of Tarun Kona and Arun Vishnu lost to Ki Jung Kim and Sa Rang Kim of Korea 12-21, 7-21 in the first round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964173", "title": "Indian novels should break away from Bollywood: Farrukh Dhondy", "text": "The main problem plaguing Indian literature is that it is losing sight of its quintessential purpose of depicting the country's reality, observes Indian- born British writer and scriptwriter Farrukh Dhondy.Speaking at the 5 th Kovalam Literary Festival, the acclaimed author and playwright says, \"The greatest task for Indian novels is to assess if it describes reality and explains who we really are.\"Dhondy, who had penned the Aamir Khan-starrer Mangal Pandey, says writing had evolved in the western countries where the 17 th century was about the writings of Bible, the 18 th was about writers like Jane Austen broke away from religious sentiments and wrote about the people around them and the 19 th was when Russian literature started talking about the attraction of flesh and the heart.\"The parallel to these in India is our nationalist movement. We never had books or culture that helped the introspection,\" he says, adding that the Bollywood movies were the cultural phenomenon post 1948 that tried to address this issue.\"The Rajkumar and Nargis movies back then attempted to define who we are and they drew from the Ramayana and Mahabharatha,\" Dhondy says.However, even movies aren't truly capturing the essence , he says. \"A lot art films are trying to depict reality on behalf of others. For instance, you have a rich person coming to the aid of ailing. This sort of 'behalfist' movies blurs the lines of reality. Indian novels should break away from Bollywood and this is the biggest challenge right now,\" he explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959533", "title": "High court\u2019s 23-point plan to secure hospitals remains on paper", "text": "MUMBAI: More than three years after the Bombay high court laid down a 23-point formula to upgrade security in hospitals to ensure babies don't get stolen, the mission seems far from accomplished. An unidentified woman walked out of Nowrosjee Wadia Maternity Hospital in Parel with Jasmin Naik's day-old son on Wednesday evening, perhaps emboldened by the fact that the hospital had no CCTV network to catch her in the act.The high court guidelines were clear: hospitals should have a CCTV network, they should post guards round the clock outside wards where children are admitted, they should use special and matching tags for mother and child; and they should, among other things, maintain biometric identification of the newborn.These guidelines were meant for corporation-, state- or semi-government-run hospitals (Wadia authorities say they don't belong to any of these categories). But experts say they provide a neat framework to ensure hospitals are secure places for mother and newborns. A staffer of Wadia Hospital said: \"The crowd at visiting hours is phenomenal. If a mother wants to go to the toilet, she has no option but to ask someone at the next bed to watch over her baby.\" In other words, safety, as far as newborns are concerned, is not guaranteed.Dr Sandhya Kamat, director of BMC's health services and dean of KEM Hospital, said: \"All corporation-run hospitals have security personnel posted outside the maternity and children/newborn wards round the clock. We have introduced special rounds by teams meant to pick up suspicious elements. And many of our security guards have walkie-talkies.\"The HC guidelines were issued after Mohini and Mohan Nerurkar's four-day-old son was stolen from the civic-run Sion Hospital on January 1, 2009. Sion Hospital was the first to have special gates at its maternity wards and a biometric child identification system installed soon after the incident. \"The maternity and labour wards are secured. They have grilles, gates and round-the-clock security,'' said dean Dr Suleman Merchant.However, a doctor in the hospital's obstetrics department admitted that the biometric system hasn't been working for the past few weeks. \"There are hardly a few walkie-talkies here. There is hardly any restriction on the number of people who enter during the visiting hours,\" the doctor said.Lawyer Amit Kharkhanis, who represented the Nerurkars in the high court, said the court had advised the police to set up a special cell to deal with children who get lifted or stolen. \"A dedicated cell would help in ensuring that the police find the child, but this hasn't been done so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963395", "title": "KVSR delayed; Golmal releases", "text": "Leading producer Anaji Nagaraj has decided to release his film 'Golmal' all over the state on October 26th. Directed by Pramod Chakravarthy the film is a full length comedy that has Vijaya Raghavendra and Shubha Poonja in the lead. Rangayana Raghu, Sanketh Kashi, Petrol Prasanna, Om Prakash Rao and others are also playing important roles in this film.Sensing that Challenging s tar Darshan's Kranti Veera Sangolli Raayanna will not be released on October, Anaji used the holiday season to his advantage to get his film ' Golmaal ' released. The film is made with a moderate budget and he is expecting to cash in the holiday spirit.The film may also give a much needed break to talented actor and director Pramod Chakravarthy who showed his spark as a director in Shivaraj Kumar's film Sugreeva in which he had directed all the portions shot in the big hall of the Hospital.Pramod Chakravarthy says that the film is a full length comedy which has been written by him. \"I have pictursed one song for this film. There was space for picturisation of two songs, but Anaji said that one song is enough for this film which engages the audience with its high voltage comedy sequences. I had to agree with him. But I promise that the audience who watch the film will not be disappointed with the quality, though it has been made with a reasonable budget,\" says Pramod.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16960817", "title": "BCCI gets no bids for eleven other cities", "text": "MUMBAI: Sun TV Network paid BCCI an immediate signing deposit of Rs. 20 crore after winning the bid for the Hyderabad franchise on Thursday.Noida-based Jaypee Group was in the race to bid for a franchise and had requested the cricket board to allow the team to be based out of Kanpur until a stadium could be constructed in Noida in due time, if they won. However, Jaypee's bid did not come in.The bids for the new franchise had been invited by the BCCI through a tender for 12 cities that included Ahmedabad, Cuttack, Dharamsala, Indore, Kanpur, Kochi, Nagpur, Noida, Rajkot, Ranchi and Visakhapatnam, apart from Hyderabad.None of the cities, except for Hyderabad , received a bid despite heavy speculation that the Adani Group and the Videocon Group were interested in investing in the Ahmedabad franchise.However, the deal does not translate into an overall positive valuation of IPL in terms of franchise costs. In 2010, when the BCCI had held the auction, the Sahara group bid a whopping $370m (approx Rs 1,700 crore) for Pune, and a consortium of investors bid $333.5m (approx Rs 1,300 crore) for Kochi, payable over a period of 10 years.Sun was speculated to be in the running to buy the Deccan franchise when DCHL had first floated a tender, under the aegis of the BCCI in September, stating its intent to sell the team. However, despite the speculation, Sun did not turn up at the auction.Sun is learned to have been in discussions with BCCI chief and IPL's Chennai Super Kings team owner N Srinivasan over the last month before confirming its interest in buying a team.Media reports quoted Sun Group CFO SL Narayanan as saying that \"going forward the company will retain a lot of existing talent in Hyderabad franchise. The IPL team will create shareholder value from 2014\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16961911", "title": "Airspace violations don\u2019t hint at Chinese aggression: Indo Tibetan Border Police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Airspace violations by China on the Sino-Indian border are merely perceived intrusions and not an indication of Chinese aggression, Indo Tibetan Border Police DG Ranjit Sinha said on Thursday.This year, India has seen three airspace violations apart from an increase in terrestrial intrusion by China. Sinha, however, said these were perceived threats as the border is in dispute, and that way India makes as many intrusions into China. There had been considerable terrestrial intrusions and hinted that this year had witnessed more incursions compared to 2011, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "16962870", "title": "Four killed in communal clash in Akot", "text": "AKOLA: Four persons were killed and several others, including some cops, were injured during violent communal riots that broke out on two consecutive days - Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning - at Akot, 45km from here. The violence took place during Durga immersion procession.Curfew was clamped in the area and is stilling continuing.Twenty-five houses were set on fire after heavy stone pelting in Barde Plot area of Akot. The stones were pelted earlier at Durga idols which resulted in the clash between the two groups.The deceased have been identified as Mohd Yasin (70, a resident of Akbari Plot), Yogesh Rekhate (25) Abdul Jaffar (17, of Aminpura) and Manohar Budhe (65, Ramtekpura of Akot).Some of the injured were hospitalized at the district hospital here. ST bus service came to a halt. Several arms including axes, swords, knives were seized. Over 40 persons have been rounded by police. Several senior police and civic officials are camping in Akot to maintain calm and peace. The situation is still tense but under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959977", "title": "Before Mallya\u2019s F1 pit stop, KF reaches salary deal with staff", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kingfisher Airlines (KFA) struck a salary deal with employees on Thursday, paving the way for their return to work immediately and ensuring that promoter Vijay Mallya attends this weekend's F1 Grand Prix at Greater Noida without the fear of striking staff lining up on the tracks. With this, the company lifted its 25-day lockout as well.More than 4,000 employees, including pilots and engineers, resumed work with immediate effect following the promise of airline CEO Sanjay Agarwal that April's salary would be paid upfront, May's salary by the month-end and June's pay by Diwali.While this pact means one step forward for the grounded airline, it does not signal that KFA \u2014 whose licence was suspended by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) last week \u2014 will fly again in a hurry. \"Salary is a big issue and the employees should be paid. But the bigger issue is their fiscal assurance to the DGCA,\" aviation minister Ajit Singh said. \"They have lot of outstandings (sic) to the Airports Authority (of India), to companies and to lessors. So it's not just a question of (paying) salaries to the employees.\"A suspended licence allows them (KFA) to fly again but the DGCA has to be satisfied on many more things... In my view, it's a very difficult proposition (for KFA to restart operations) but not impossible.\" The Centre for Asia Pacific Aviation feels the airlines needs an immediate infusion of at least Rs 3,500 crore to get operational again.A KFA statement said, \"All employees are now eagerly looking forward to working together...to restart operations very soon. We will now finalize and present our resumption plan to the DGCA and hope to get their concurrence soon.\"Delhi-based KFA engineer S C Mishra, who was spearheading the agitation, said, \"The CEO coming and meeting us made a difference. Earlier, we were distrustful of the assurances made by the management but now we are hopeful that they mean what they are saying. There will be no protests during F1. After Diwali, one month's due would be paid every month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16960167", "title": "On roads, the smoothest Puja in years", "text": "KOLKATA: Chaos during the Pujas last year turned into order this year as Kolkata Police refused to let the perennial traffic stoppers - rampant illegal parking, crowds spilling over on streets and autorickshaws - to play a spoilsport.Barring occasional hiccups and a few bottlenecks, which slowed down traffic in patches, vehicles kept moving smoothly in Kolkata on all the four puja days. However, huge turnout at the pandals, ahead of Shashthi, will send police back to the drawing boards on whether traffic and vehicular restrictions need to be preponed from next year.Police commissioner R K Pachnanda said, \"We've been working on these for the past three months. Earlier, people started early and were done with their pandal visits by 4am. Since last year, we've noticed that people, in order to avoid the late-night traffic, started visiting the pandals in the early mornings too. So, we decided to keep a strong police presence in the morning. Around 57 traffic sergeants were initially deployed in the morning and it was later scaled to 67. Their job was to ensure that no parking was made on the main thoroughfares. This, we feel, kept the roads free.\"He said much of the Panchami bottlenecks were due to the office traffic overlapping with the pandal-hoppers. However, he asserted: \"If people choose to visit the pandal early, it is our job to ensure that they have a hassle-free time. So, we will try to work on it going forward.\" This year most of the big draw Pujas were inaugurated in dwitiya and tritiya.The Panchami chaos was triggered by two factors.The traffic restrictions and road diversions, essential to ensure a smooth traffic movement in Pujas, come into force from Shashthi and remain operational till Dashami. This can't be enforced before, for it will curtail the movement of office-bound traffic since Panchami is a normal working day. The restrictions on autorickshaws from plying on city streets after eveningalso came into force from Shashthi. So, the Panchami crowd was over-and-above these factors leading to the bottlenecks, which took several hours to ease out.In 2011, traffic became chaotic in the new areas that were added to Kolkata Police jurisdiction in September, last year. Police had less than a month, therefore, to chalk out their plans. This year police hit a seemingly winning formula even in the added areas. The commissioner puts this to three months of extensive planning. \"We had been working with all agencies. We've tried to identify the problems and resolve the issues,\" he said. DCP (traffic) Dilip Adak said: \"The intensive patrolling throughout the day - and not only at night - was helpful in removing the traditional bottlenecks in Jadavpur, Haridebpur and Kasba.\"The Metro Railway made a record by carrying nearly 32.85 lakh commuters between Panchami and Dashami this year. The largest crowd was on Panchami when 7.45 lakh commuters availed the services. According to Protyush Ghosh, DGM(G), Metro Railway, the number of commuters was 21.64% higher than the Pujas in 2011. \"We also earned Rs 1.69 crore from ticket sales during the Pujas. This was an all-time high. In 2011, we had earned Rs 1.49 crore. This year, we had arranged 1,158 services during the Pujas. This was 251 more than last year. The services were completely trouble free,\" he said.Security was also tight at the Metro and there wasn't any untoward incidents. On Ashthami night, a couple, who had boarded a Kavi Subhas-bound train from Girish Park, got off at Rabindra Sarobar and complained that they were disturbed by a group of youths. The youths were nabbed by the Railway Protection Force at Mahanayak Uttam Kumar and handed over to the Regent Park police station.Sources in Metro Railway, however, said that the earnings could have been higher had a section of pandal-hoppers been honest. On the four days of the Pujas, Metro was issuing paper tickets instead of smart tokens. With no way for the checkers at the gates to verify where a person had boarded the train from, commuters got away by paying the lowest fare but travelling the longest", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16958498", "title": "Discord between Kiran, deputy chief minister deepens", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy's three-day visit to Medak district beginning on October 29 as part of the Indiramma Baata is facing initial hiccups with deputy CM Damodar Rajanarasimha, a native of the district, threatening to boycott the programme. The deputy CM, who was reportedly upset with the CM for finalising the programme without consulting him, met PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana on Thursday to pour out his anguish.According to sources, Damodar may boycott the programme to register his protest despite CM's effort to reach him on Thrusday. \"Kiran tried to pacify him by calling several times but Damodar did not respond to the chief minister's phone calls,\" sources said. Sources said the cold war between them could continue despite Botsa's efforts to patch up the differences. \"Damodar claimed that he has no information on the route map of the programme,\" Botsa told TOI. But insiders said the CM was also cut up with Damodar for campaigning against him in Delhi and rallying Telangana Congress leaders to speak against him.Damodar was reportedly peeved with the CM for not taking the proposal of supplying drinking water from Singur to Andhole seriously. \"Had the CM exerted pressure on irrigation minister Sudarshan Reddy to push the proposal, Andhole by now could have gotten Singur water,\" insiders in the Damodar camp said. Damodar represents Andhole in the state assembly. Sources said the deputy CM was particularly angry with information minister D K Aruna, who is in-charge minister of the district, for finalising the road map for the Indiramma Baata programme without consulting him. \"The CM had also approved the road map without consulting Damodar, which irked him,\" sources said.In fact, the proposed Indiramma Baata programme was postponed thrice due to lack of coordination between district minister J Geeta Reddy and Damodar. When Aruna convened a meeting to finalise the programme both the ministers were absent. \"We will make sure that the CM's programme goes on without any hitch,\" Sunita Lakshma Reddy, another minister from Medak district, told TOI.Along with Andhole, the CM will also avoid Siddipet, represented by TRS leader T Harish Rao in the assembly. He will heli-hop from Narayankhed to Zaheerabad.Meanwhile, TRS leaders said they would disrupt the CM's tour programme demanding the Congress stand on Telangana. \"We will stop him,\" said TRS leader Solipeta Ramlinga Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959979", "title": "Making Bellary green again to cost 30 thousand crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rehabilitation of the illegal iron ore mining-ravaged environment in Bellary, Chitradurga and Tumkur districts of Karnataka will need Rs 30,000 crore over the next 30 years, the Supreme Court has been informed.Submitting a report detailing the plan of action for rehabilitation of the environment, the central empowered committee (CEC) said, \"The project period is planned to be 30 years and the current financial year (2012-13) has been taken as the preparatory year. \"Financial year 2013-14 has been taken as the first year of the project and financial year 2043-44 would be the last year. The proposed cost is about Rs 30,000 crore.The CEC report, submitted through amicus curiae and advocate A D N Rao, added, \"During the first five years of the project, an amount of about Rs 9,347 crore is expected to be available for transfer to the special purpose vehicle (SPV). The SPV will be constituted under the chairmanship of the Karnataka chief secretary to implement the environment management plans.\"Even on a conservative basis, the total amount expected to be available exceeds the planned project cost of Rs 30,000 crore by about Rs 2,847 crore,\" said the CEC. Under the 'polluter pays' principle, it proposed recovering the entire amount from the lease-holders.The CEC has submitted a lease-wise plan prepared by member-secretary M K Jiwrajika for reclamation and rehabilitation of areas found under illegal mining and also a supplementary environment management plan (SEMP).On the funding for the plan, the CEC said it would come from 10% sale proceeds of existing stock of category 'A' mining leases (least illegal), 15% sale proceeds of stocks of category 'B' mine leases (rampant illegal mining), 10% sale proceeds of iron ore produced by 'A' &amp; 'B' category mines after they resume production and compensation receivable from 'B' category mines.Seeking SC's approval, the CEC said it would \"provide for mitigating measures in the mining impact zone, ameliorative measures for socio-economic development, infrastructure development, forest and wildlife conservation, health, education and other measures to ensure inclusive growth of the project area and an effective evaluation mechanism\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16961092", "title": "To learn Hindi, Chinese turn to Ramayana", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students at universities in China are getting lessons on human values from the great Hindu epic - Ramayana.Wise sayings from Valmiki's text are being adapted by the universities teaching Hindi in China and are being made relevant to the current world situations. At least six leading universities in China including the prestigious Peking University, the Beijing Foreign Studies University as well as colleges in different parts of China are teaching Hindi, which has become a popular foreign language in China.\"We are taught verses from Ramayana as part of literature classes at the university,\" said Eric Huidram, a student-turned Chinese translator and interpreter from Manipur.Several universities in the US have included reading the Ramayana as part of comparative humanities and literature sessions on Asia.It was through the efforts of Chinese indologist Ji Xianlin that many Chinese learnt the language of Sanskrit and the epic Ramayana. Ji, who founded the Department of Eastern Languages at Peking University, translated Ramayana from the original Sanskrit to Chinese in poetry form. Ji's translated work of Ramayana and Mahabharata will be displayed at the culture park being planned at Kailash Mansarovar by India China Economic and Cultural Council (ICEC).\"The Chinese version of Ramayana will be kept in a library at the park for visitors and researchers to read. We will also run it in the in-house television at the culture park,\" said Jagat Shah, convenor, Kailash Mansarovar Cultural Park and chairman, ICEC-Gujarat. The project is being handled by Shah from his office in Ahmedabad.Besides a library, the cultural park will have a museum, a research lab for studying the geographic impacts and the changes that have occurred in Kailash Mansarovar over a period of time, a language centre to learn about and share different cultures and religions and an information centre.At a recent summit to discuss about logistics of the park, ICEC also invited people who have already visited Kailash Mansarovar to understand the journey from the pilgrims' point of view.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16965002", "title": "Puja pandals breach noise pollution norms", "text": "PATNA: Celebrating Dussehra festivities, Durga Puja pandals exceeded the specified level of sound emission leading to rise in noise pollution in the city. Bihar State Pollution Control Board (BSPCB) monitored noise pollution level at 65 different locations in Patna over the three days and the result is an eye-opener for the district administration and organizers alike.Of the 65 centres monitored in Patna, all of them exceeded the specified level of 75 decibels (dB). While the sound level at three centres was less than 80 dB, at five centres, the level crossed the mark of 100 dB According to the rules, the noise level at market places between 6am to 10pm should be below 65 dB. However, a relaxation of 10 dB has also been granted if loud speakers were used at public places.The Sri Sri Durga Puja Samiti at Tedhighat Akhada, Machcharhatta was the noisiest pandal with sound levels going beyond 105.2 dB closely followed by Sri Sri Durga Puja Kalyan Samiti of Shiv Mandir at U D Market in Kadamkuan and Sri Sri Bharat Mata Puja Samiti of New Arya Athletic Club at Nala Road where the levels reached beyond 102.9 dB and 101.8 dB respectively.Scientific officer of BSPCB Navin Kumar said prolonged exposure to such high level of noise could lead to irritation, hypertension and temporary or permanent loss of hearing. He said, \"The most affected are the samiti members themselves who are exposed to high noise level for long hours.\" He added the noise pollution level was monitored during the dussehra of 2008 also and there was not much change in the findings despite awareness drive.The findings of BSPCB monitoring revealed that most of the centres of noise pollution level were located in central part of the city, totalling 32 out of 65. 18 centres were in eastern part of the city while the western part had 15. Kumar said the findings will be sent to Central Pollution Control Board and the local administration for further considerations and appropriate action.A resident of Mainpura said, \"There were not less than six pandals in a radius of one kilometre from Mainpura to Rajapur bridge and all of them had blaring loudspeakers. One can only imagine the plight of the locals but then whom to complain?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16958466", "title": "Drive against tinted glasses", "text": "HYDERABAD: After giving two weeks time to vehicle owners to remove dark films on their cars, the Hyderabad traffic police on Thursday started cracking the whip and booked over 5,000 cases against violators during a special drive.Incidentally, over 40 government vehicles, including police vehicles, were booked for violating the tint norms. Actor Sunil, some politicians and officers were fined for failing to comply with norms on the first day of the 'Operation Black Film'.Additional commissioner (Traffic) C V Anand said even after two weeks of education on tinted glasses and the Supreme Court directions only 10 to 15% of the total vehicle owners complied with the order by removing dark films. Though the Act provides for a fine of Rs 500, the traffic police collected only Rs 100 from the violators. At some places, there were altercations between vehicle owners and police as people alleged that police had not given them sufficient time to remove the dark film.Traffic police said the special drive would continue for some more days. During the drive, violators would be fined Rs 100 under section 100 (2) of the CMV Rules, 1999, apart from having to remove the black film and will be given a pamphlet for further education on the Supreme Court order.As per the norms, the front and rear glasses of four-wheelers should have 70% visual light transmission (VLT) with 30% tint, while side glasses 50% VLT with 50% tint.Police said it has come to their notice that car accessory shop owners were charging Rs 500 for removing the film. The shop owners have been asked to collect maximum of Rs 100 and display the charge on their premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16965999", "title": "I don't want to be known as an inswing bowler: Ishant Sharma", "text": "NEW DELHI: No international cricketer likes to be predictable and Ishant Sharma is no exception as the talented fast bowler is now working on the outgoing delivery ahead of India's important Test series against England.\"I have been working on the outswing delivery with the Indian team bowling coach Joe Dawes. It has been coming out nicely and I believe it will add a new dimension to my bowling,\" Ishant said from the sidelines of the opening day of the Delhi Ranji Trophy team practice session at the Ferozshah Kotla ground.When asked whether he is becoming too predictable, he answered, \"In international cricket, people now know that my strength is bowling inswingers. So, I needed to develop a strength which would trouble the batsmen.\"Ishant is also taking a lot of tips from veteran India pacer Ashish Nehra, who was seen giving the lanky fast bowler some words of advice on the length that he should be bowling.\"Ashish bhai has plied his trade for the last 12 years at the international level and he was telling me about the adjustment in length that one has to make in Indian conditions.\"Like today, he was telling me that the practice wicket was a bit on the slower side and I should pitch the bowl a bit up. Likewise, on a pitch where there is good carry, I should try and hit the good length area. When I speak to him, it's more about the practical areas than the technical area,\" he said.Ishant is happy with his rhythm in the two Duleep trophy matches that he played for the North Zone this season.\"The rhythm has been pretty good and that has certainly helped me. Though I didn't take any wickets against Central Zone, I was happy to have bowled 26 overs. In the longer version of the game, one always aims at taking wickets rather than trying to stop runs. I would have been happier had I got a few wickets against Central.\"There has always been a trend amongst Indian fast bowlers to cut down on pace once they are back from an injury lay-off. But Ishant doesn't want to compromise on speed.\"Speed comes with a lot of practice. It's about how smooth is your run-up, the release and things like that. In my case, whether I play for my club team, Delhi or India I am always ready to go flat out,\" he said.The long lay-off, which made him miss the last edition of the IPL, has helped him understand his body better.\"I have seen a lot of highs and lows in the past five years. I now know how to manage my workload and training regimen when I am playing international cricket and the do's and the don'ts when I am not playing any cricket.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "16961370", "title": "Six of family die in suicide pact", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: A debt-ridden family of six people, including four children, died after consuming poison in Palayamkottai in Tirunelveli district on Wednesday night.Agony over the mental illness of their two-year-old daughter and mounting debts accrued over the child's treatment forced the middle-aged couple to feed poison to their children before consuming it themselves. However, their 10-year-old son survived the suicide pact and has been admitted to the government hospital in a critical state.Police said that Ravishankar, 47, a carpenter and his wife Mariammal, 37, residing in Palayamkottai had three sons named Manikandan, 10, Maharajan, 6, Mahadevan, 4 and two daughters Mahalakshmi, 8 and Malarvanam, 2. Malarvanam had showed poor mental growth since her birth and doctors had later confirmed that she was mentally-ill. Since then, Ravishankar had been taking Malarvanam to various hospitals for treatment and had borrowed heavily from all his relatives and friends to spend for the child's medication. Neighbours told the police that the treatment had drained the entire resources of Ravishankar to the extent that they stopped sending their children to school.But even after he ran short of money, Ravishankar did not lose hope and was treating Malarvanam at the government hospital. But the child showed little improvement and doctors had stated that chances of curing her was remote, police said.A dejected Ravishankar and his wife Mariammal went along with their children to the temple of their family deity on Wednesday. After returning home, the couple fed their children a soft drink laced with poison, before consuming it themselves. One of the neighbours saw the door of their house open on Thursday morning and went inside. To his shock he found five of the family members dead, while Ravishankar and Manikandan were struggling for life. The neighbours immediately informed the police and rushed the two to the government hospital where Ravishankar died. Manikandan is undergoing treatment and is stated to be critical.Ravishankar had also left two hand-written suicide notes. \"Ravishankar has stated that his two-year-old daughter was mentally unsound and he and his wife could not bear her sufferings. He has said that the world has been unkind to them and hence they were committing suicide. In the other note, he has said that whatever remains of his property should be donated to the school at Reddiyarpatti where he studied,\" Tirunelveli city commissioner of police Karuna Sagar said. Sagar, however, denied that usury forced them to commit suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16963116", "title": "Schools to be graded on the lines of Naac", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Council of Education Research and Training has decided to grade schools in the state on the lines of National Assessment and Accreditation Council from the next academic year. The schools will first have to carry out a self-assessment on 42 parameters set by the MSCERT. An agency to be appointed by the MSCERT will cross-check the assessment before awarding the grades.The grades from 'A' to 'D' will be based on basic facilities, community participation and quality of education, among others. The total assessment will carry 300 marks.Namdeo Jarag, director, MSCERT, said, \"The initiative has been launched under the Union government's Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan. The schools will have to do a self-assessment and show areas of improvement and strengths.\" The agency appointed to check the self-assessment of schools will visit the schools and submit a report to the MSCERT with the recommended grades, he added.The grade system is being introduced to improve standard and ensure proper infrastructure, teaching and learning facilities, and amenities for students. The 42 parameters will cover state of the school buildings, classrooms, furniture and allied facilities, teaching staff skills, school governance system, health and safety, including amenities like drinking water and toilets, improvement of processes, school environment and utilisation of grants. Each parameter will carry marks and the schools will be graded based on their reports.Some of the parameters newly-introduced include facilities for special children, security fencing around schools, formation and functioning of school management committees, and gardens. The MSCERT has come out with a booklet containing the parameters. Initially, the self-assessment booklets will be circulated among zilla parishad-run schools and the aim is to complete the assessment of these schools by January, Jarag said.The MSCERT has trained 85,000 principals of various schools in the state to complete the self-assessment process. The self-assessment will be done in September, December and April. Schools receiving 'C' and 'D' grades will be supported by the state education department to improve their overall standard of education. The MSCERT has also set parameters based on equality in education when it comes to gender and economic status of students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16960617", "title": "2 dengue deaths in Patiala", "text": "PATIALA: Suspected dengue claimed two lives of old women in Patiala on Thursday, while number of patients has also been on rise, but authorities are yet to wake up from their deep slumber.Residents of Sanjay colony alleged that one Sushila Devi and another Sukhdev Kaur died after suffering from dengue for many days, but authorities are yet to start the cleaning of their area, despite repeated requests by them. Residents accused Patiala municipal corporation authorities of not taking any action despite the rise of dengue patients in their area.\"The corporation authorities have not conducted any cleaning or fogging operation in our area for last many years. The water pipes are leaking at many places while due to lack of sewage the dirty water has taken the shape of pond in our area. But there is no action, \" allege Gurmale Singh.Due to lack of garbage lifting by corporation authorities, residents have been throwing their waste in their street and it has taken the shape of big garbage dump, which has become perfect breeding ground for mosquitoes.\"Since corporation authorities are not lifting garbage we don't have any other option, but to throw it here. \" alleged another colony resident Satinderpal.When tried to contact mayor Jaspal Pardhan, he did not attend his mobile.Records of health authorities show that the number of suspected cases of disease has been on the rise. Till Thursday, around 3 locals have lost their lives to dengue while many have been admitted in various hospitals of city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965246", "title": "Stolen", "text": "CreditsDirector: Simon West Cast: Nicolas Cage Producer: Jesse Kennedy, Matthew Joynes, Ren Besson Indian Distributor: Multivision Multimedia Release Date: November 9, 2012SynopsisStolen is a story about a father and a former thief played by Nicolas Cage whose daughter gets kidnapped. The movie is directed by Simon West who also directed the blockbuster \" The Expendables 2 \" that came out this year. The movie will be released in English, Hindi, Tamil and Telugu.The story follows Will Montgomery (played by Nicolas Cage), a master thief who has been sent to prison for 8 years. Upon his release, he's ready to leave his criminal past behind and rebuild his relationship with estranged daughter, Alison Loeb (played by Sami Gayle). Montgomery's former criminal cohorts and FBI agent Tim Harlend (played by Danny Huston ), are all convinced that the loot, worth $10 Million dollars, was hidden away by Montgomery before he was sentenced. In order to get his hands on it, former partner in crime, Vincent (played by Josh Lucas ), kidnaps Alison and demands the loot as ransom.Simon West and Nicolas Cage have worked together in the past on 1997 blockbuster Con Air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16962821", "title": "Ahir illegally benefited from coal depots: NGO", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The dust from the coal scam has not yet settled down. Now, it seems that the person who played a key role in exposing the Rs1.85 lakh crore coal scam is not clean himself. An NGO Self Respect Movement (SRM) has unearthed an alleged scam in which 150 coal depots slurped up nearly 4.90 lakh tonnes of coal under domestic fuel supply licenses.The NGO alleged that these licenses had been issued illegally by the then district collector in 1981-82. It is being alleged that BJP MP Hansraj Ahir is one of the beneficiaries. Ironically it was he who played a key role in exposure the coal scam.\"Beneficiary coal depots continued lifting coal for 17 years despite the fact that the state government has prohibited issuance of such licenses. MP Hansraj Ahir was one of beneficiary of these licenses which the then collector MP Taksande had no power to issue,\" alleged chief coordinator of SRM, Baliraj Dhote.\"WCL was to provide 16 tonnes of coal per month under the license. However, the licensee lifted more than the stipulated quota and sold it in the open market. Former municipal chief Vijay Raut and coal trader Sevaram Gulani along with Hansraj Ahir and others are involved in this misappropriation,\" charged Dhote.He informed that, prior to formation of Maharashtra, Bombay government in the year 1959 through Industry and Cooperation department (wide GR no. 1159) had empowered the district magistrate to issue licenses for procurement and sale of coal as domestic fuel. After Maharashtra state was formed, Industries and Labour ministry on July 10, 1968 (wide order no. COAL 1067/PRS) prohibited issuance of such licenses.He alleged that such licenses were being still issued despite prohibition. When the state government came to know about it, Industries, Power and Labour ministry in 1983 issued a letter (no. COL/082 (9077) IND-10) reminding the prohibitory directives issued to district collectors.He said that after the letter from government, the collectorate should have immediately suspended the licenses, but the lifting of coal continued under these coal licenses continued till year 1997. He demanded CBI inquiry into the scam and said that he was going to forward a formal complaint to CBI.Meanwhile, BJP MP Hansraj Ahir has refuted the charges and said that there is no substance in the allegation. \"I had never been involved in any illegal work. People who disgruntled due to coal scam, are targeting me to malign my image. I am ready for any kind of probe into the matter,\" he said.Vijay Raut said that similar licenses were issued in many districts. \"Cost of coal at that time (1980s) was Rs120 to Rs150 per tonne. Moreover it was available at WCL mines under free sale. Some prominent Congress leaders too were license holders along with us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963170", "title": "Om Puri impresses with Arjun Rampal's acting skills", "text": "Very few actors are exceptionally generous about their colleagues' works and not afraid to show their appreciation. Om Puri who has a small part in Prakash Jha's Chakravyuh was so impressed by Arjun Rampal's performance in the film that he called up Arjun's wife Mehr Jessia to ask her about the nature of the food being served on the Rampals' dining table.Mehr, we hear, was zapped by Om's rather personal question before she cottoned on to the seasoned actor's meaning.When one asked Om about this unusual way of showing his appreciation for a co-actor, Om said, \"I've watched Arjun's growth as an actor and I am completely bowled over by his progress. When I called Arjun, I told him I didn't want to speak to him but his wife. When she came on the line I asked her what food she serves on the table to make Arjun such a wonderful professional. One has to be happy, healthy and complete in mind and body to evolve so well as an actor.\"Considering Om's own poor record in domesticity, one wonders to what we must attribute his amazing track record as an actor!As for his own rather abbreviated role in Chakravyuh, Om retorted nonchalantly, \"Doesn't matter how big or small my role is. What I like is being part of a film that is so socio-politically relevant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16964659", "title": "AR Rahman visits Ajmer dargah after a long gap", "text": "AJMER: Oscar awardee and music maestro A R Rahman visited the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti after a long time on Thursday. He sat in prayers for about two hours near the 'jannati darwaza'.On his last visit in May, a huge crowd had gathered, making it difficult for him to step outside. However, this time only a few fans recognized him and wished him. Rahman is a regular devotee and has been coming here since last 25 years.For Rahman there is no big hit for some time now and it is said that he had come to the dargah to offer prayers for his new film 'Jab Tak Hai Jaan' which will be released on Diwali. Rahman reached the dargah area at the time of namaz and went straight to Farhan Guest House where he stays whenever he comes to Ajmer. He then went inside the dargah from Sola Thamba gate and offered a chadder and flowers. He ten came out and sat near the 'jannati darwaza' and closed his eyes.Wearing jeans and a kurta, Rahman was not in a mood to say anything or smile as he generally does on his visits, said a khadim. Khadim Musheer Hussein organized rituals and offered prayers for him.Rahman purchased a house in Ajmer two years ago in the satellite area of Kundan Nagar.He usually comes to Ajmer with his mother, sisters and family. It is said that he likes to stay in the city for a long time when he wants to compose music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "16964753", "title": "Naxal posters leave Hassan villagers jittery", "text": "HASSAN: Residents of Hanubal village, 23km from Sakleshpur town woke up to handwritten Naxal posters pasted near the bus stand. The posters claim that the Western Ghats are getting polluted and losing its heritage status because it is being exploited. The posters also blamed homestays for destroying the Malenad region. It urged the residents to wake up to the menace.About a week ago there were rumours that Naxals were spotted in the area, again, demanding food from the villagers. Since September there have been frequent reports of Naxal activities in the border areas of Hassan and Dakshina Kannada districts. Combing operations ceased in September giving Naxals the chance to surrender, But there were no reports of surrender.Krishna Murthy, a planter in Hanubalu, said, \"These kind of reports and rumours are causing worry. Homestays give seasonal employment and business to people here. Natural calamities have damaged our crops, and now Naxal activities are affecting our business.\"Shivanna, who is running a homestay here, says that he earned no profits from his cardamom and coffee plantations and so started a homestay business. \"Now Naxals are threatening those who run homestays. It's very unfair,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16964518", "title": "At 14.3\u00b0C, winter comes knocking at Jaipur\u2019s door", "text": "JAIPUR: It may be time to get those woolens out. The city witnessed a drastic dip in the minimum temperature with the mercury touching 14.3 degrees Celsius, almost 4 notches below normal.Attributing the continuous dip to western disturbances that brought with it mild to moderate showers, the Jaipur met office said winter has started settling in parts of the state, including the pink city.For Jaipur, the week started with a minimum temperature of 22.4 degrees Celsius on Monday. This was followed by a dip of 2 degrees every day.\"On Wednesday, there was a drastic dip in temperature as Jaipur recorded a minimum temperature of nearly 18.2 degrees Celsius. It is a major turnaround,\" said an officer with the Jaipur met office.Even in the afternoon chilly winds kept Jaipur at a maximum of 30.9 degrees Celsius, 1 degree below normal. Some areas are much colder. Mount Abu in hills with a minimum temperature of 9 degrees and Churu in the plains with 11\u00b0C are already witnessing winter. \"Usually winter settles in the state starting from the border districts, including Churu and Sriganganagar \u2014 the latter witnessed a minimum of 12.3\u00b0C,\" said a met officer.Churu and Sriganganagar were followed by Pilani that recorded a minimum temperature of 12.4 degrees Celsius, Chittorgarh 13.7\u00b0C, Jodhpur 16.4\u00b0C, Jaisalmer 16.5\u00b0C and Kota recorded 17.2\u00b0C.Predicting a further dip in temperatures in the state the Jaipur met office said as western disturbances have moved away, the northwest plains will experience a clear sky, because of which the day will be sunny and temperatures will be around 30 degrees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953007", "title": "Liz Taylor tops Forbes dead celebrity rich list", "text": "Elizabeth Taylor surpassed Michael Jackson as the highest-earning dead celebrity in the past year, with her estate pulling in 210 million dollars, much of it from the auction of her jewels, costumes and artwork, Forbes said on Wednesday.Jackson, who died in 2009, dropped into second place with earnings of 145 million, followed by Elvis Presley with 55 million dollars.Elizabeth's most expensive item to go under the hammer was an 1889 Van Gogh painting which sold for 16 million dollars, while her perfume, White Diamonds, made around 75 million dollars in 2011.According to the publication, Elizabeth's estate also made money from property sales and from her films as after starring in 1963 drama 'Cleopatra', the actress - who died in March 2011 aged 79 - negotiated a 10 per cent ownership stake in each of her movies.Full list of Forbes magazine's Top-Earning Dead Celebrities:1. Dame Elizabeth Taylor (210 million dollars)2. Michael Jackson (145 million dollars)3. Elvis Presley (55 million dollars)4. Charles Schulz (37 million dollars)5. Bob Marley (17 million dollars)6. John Lennon (12 million dollars)7. Marilyn Monroe (10 million dollars)7. Albert Einstein (10 million dollars)9. Dr. Seuss (9 million dollars)10. Steve McQueen (8 million dollars)10. Bettie Page (8 million dollars)12. Richard Rogers (6 million dollars)13. George Harrison (5.5 million dollars)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16963547", "title": "Parents protest absence of teachers at GPS Mandur", "text": "PANAJI: Parents of students of government primary school at Mandur along with St Andre MLA Vishnu Wagh gheraoed additional district education inspector for Tiswadi taluka Anand Shaba Kumar Kumbharjuakar on Thursday to protest the absence of teachers at the school.\"The school has seventy-one students and three teachers. While one teacher is on maternity leave, the other two have been employed by the government to aid in revision of electoral rolls. This has brought teaching to a standstill at the school,\" one protesting parent said.Parents demanded that the teachers be immediately recalled from the non-teaching assignment to streamline teaching at the government primary school, on which a residential area of hundreds of locals from Mandur depend for education from Class I to IV.\"We want the education department to immediately allot a replacement for the teacher who has gone on maternity leave, as it not possible for children to receive quality education when two teachers are handling four classes and 71 students,\" another parent said.Parents said that there is concentrated population in Mandur village which leads locals to queue up in substantial numbers for revision of electoral rolls and this has led to neglect of teaching activity.\"We usually provide replacements for teachers who are on maternity leave. But presently there are no surplus teachers in Tiswadi taluka. We have asked the parents to contact the mamlatdar with their grievance as it is he who has allotted the electoral roll revision work to the teachers. In the meantime, we have contacted the Goa Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan office to provide additional teachers at the school,\" additional district education inspector Anand Shaba Kumar Kumbharjuakar said.He said that his office is making attempts to see that normal teaching activity is resumed as soon as possible at the government primary school at Mandur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16963893", "title": "IAC denied permission to hold rally on Nov 1", "text": "KANPUR: Citing security reasons, the district administration of Farrukhabad denied permission to 'India Against Corruption' organisers to hold a rally in the district on November 1, wherein IAC activist, Arvind Kejriwal is supposed to take part and likely to make some more revelations related to Union Law minister, Salman Khurshid.A senior police official said that the IAC has sought permission for Christian college ground, DPVP college and Patel park for holding Arvind Kejriwal's rally, however, as all the three venues are located amidst the crowded localities and there is only one entry/exit route at each of these grounds, it would be difficult for the police to manage the crowd.However, sources at the district magistrate's office said, the IAC organisers have been asked to suggest some more alternative venues across the district and they have on Thursday submitted a fresh application with the names of few more places.\"The district administration informed us today that our application for permission of venue to hold the rally on November 1 has been turned down. Earlier, we mentioned the names of three venues including Christian college ground, DPVP college, and Patel park for holding Arvind Kejriwal's rally but after denial, now we have again submitted a fresh application seeking permission for Lohia park ground,\" said Lakshman Singh, IAC activist while talking to TOI over the phone from Farrukhabad.Meanwhile, a senior police official said the Christian college ground, DPVP college, and Patel park have a limited capacity to hold people, and we have not permitted IAC to hold a meeting at these above spots keeping in mind a congregation larger than the capacity is vulnerable to stampede and other security related issues.SP, Nilabja Choudhury, however, told TOI that he has asked his subordinates to conduct a fresh inquiry and sumbit a report on the matter soon adding that the venue issue is likely to be finalised by Friday.District Congress president, Punni Shukla along with Congressmen met SP, Nilabja Choudhury on Thursday and submitted a memorandum with a demand to initiate serious action against the ongoing arms training of Bharatiya Kisan Union volunteers that can pose a serious threat to district's law and order situation.Kejriwal has alleged that Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust, an NGO run by Khurshid and his wife Louise, was involved in financial irregularities of over Rs 71 lakh, a charge dismissed by them. Kejriwal had also stated that he will now stage a protest in Farrukhabad- constituency of Law Minister, on November 1 against his corrupt practices.Later, Union Law Minister, Salman Khurshid had dared Arvind Kejriwal to protest in Farrukhabad suggesting it would be difficult for him to return from there. It was seen as a murder threat by the IAC activist. Likewse, he also said at a function in New Delhi, \"I have been made the Law Minister and asked to work with the pen. I will work with the pen but also with blood.\"On Saturday, Salman Khurshid said his remarks in Farrukhabad earlier this week had been misconstrued and he had not threatened India Against Corruption (IAC) activist, Arvind Kejriwal over his plans to visit his parliamentary constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965601", "title": "Amala turns 21", "text": "Mynaa girl Amala Paul turns 21 today.The actress, who started her film career on a controversial note with Sindhu Samaveli , in which she has an illicit relationship with her father-in-law, has come a long way today. The actress has been part of three southern film industries- Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam and has received critical and commercial success in all.Amala has her hands full in Tollywood with films opposite Ram Charan Tej and Allu Arjun. She will be seen next opposite Jayam Ravi in Nimirndhu Nil in Kollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16964081", "title": "Govt plans to promote agriculture cooperatives", "text": "PATNA: With a view to promoting formation of agriculture cooperatives from grassroots level, on the pattern of the milk cooperatives federation in the state, the Bihar State Productivity Council (BSPC) has decided to adopt agriculture cooperative model of Gujarat.Developing agriculture cooperatives, on the line of the successful milk cooperative movement, is already on the state government's agenda and the BSPC is to contribute its mite in creating a network of professionals and experts.Joint programme director of the BSPC, M K Das, said the objective would be to keep the farmers' agriculture cooperatives free from any political pressure so that they could decide what to produce and what skill and wares they needed for value addition to agriculture produce for which a niche market could be created.He said the CM has already given a call for reaching the agriculture produce directly from the farms to the retail market in order to combat the central government which allowed foreign direct investment (FDI) in retail market.The BSPC would help in the formation of agriculture cooperatives by offering its services in the creation of a network of professionals and experts to groom them, said the BSPC secretary general, S C Srivastava. He said the BSPC would be looking forward to the formation of self-managed agriculture cooperatives. For this, services of the professionals would be utilized to help the farmer-members in skill development for a particular mode of farming, value addition and creating a niche market, he said.Das said farmers growing paddy, baby corn, tomato, potato, banana and other agri produce could create separate agriculture cooperatives to attain their objective. They may go with their the enterprises to even set up agri processing industries, he said, adding that the BSPC would organize training for skill and entrepreneurship development.Das further said the small and marginal farmers would be greatly benefited from their agriculture cooperatives formed at the grassroots level. The seminar recently organized by the BSPC on 'Agriculture Cooperatives: Key to Feeding the World' focused on these issues.At the seminar, the BSPC president, Sudhir Kumar Singh, said the cooperative managers would need to adhere to cooperative principles while applying modern management and advanced marketing techniques, including negotiating skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960979", "title": "Mark Webber - the Mark of Aussie grit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mark Webber's Twitter name reads '@Aussiegrit', and the alias fits perfectly the man.The Red Bull driver is all grit, and despite a 2012 season that has been topsy-turvy for most teams, he has held his own with three podium finishes and currently lies fifth in the drivers' standings with 152 points, just a point behind Lewis Hamilton of McLaren.The start of the season saw seven different winners in the first seven races, but Webebr was consistence personified, with four successive fourth places in the first four races. \"Consistency is the key this year, as the results for many teams and drivers have been unusual -- there hasn't really been a standout team or driver so far. So, actually the consistency of getting four fourth-place finishes gained us a lot of points,\" Webber told TOI, ahead of this Sunday's Airtel Indian Grand Prix.Webber, too, was one of those seven different winners, with a great win at the Monaco Grand Prix - the eighth of his career. The Aussie benefitted from the penalty handed out to Michael Schumacher , who had qualified on pole. A couple of races later he followed up with another win in Silverstone at the British Grand Prix.Webber, who finished third in the drivers' standings in the last two seasons, believes the banning of blown-diffuser at the start of the year hit the Red Bulls hard. \"There were some regulation changes over the winter which affected our car and bought the competition closer. We had to develop the car in new ways,\" the 36-year-old said.His teammate Sebastian Vettel has won the last three races to move past Ferrari's Fernando Alonso . \"The team is constantly pushing to develop the car and everyone at the track and back at the factory in the UK is working hard to provide us the best possible car,\" the New South Welshman added.Webber, though, isn't too worried about the driver's standings: \"I am not yet looking at the standings. I approach each race as it comes. I will push hard to get the best possible result at each of the remaining races.\"Webber finished fourth at the 2011 Indian GP and finds the BIC track quite 'challenging' . \"It's a challenging venue and I really enjoy the track; it's a nice circuit to drive. There was a massive crowd there last year and it was amazing atmosphere . The track is similar to Korea with mainly long straights in sector 1, followed by a very busy sector 2 and 3, so we need to get the balance right between the downforce and top speed. It should be reasonably straightforward weather-wise and I'm looking forward to the race,\" he said.Webber, though, will miss out on seeing more of India again this year. \"Last year was my first time in India and I would love to see more of the country. Unfortunately, we won't have time for sightseeing as we are off to prepare for the race in Abu Dhabi next week... But it's a great place!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959903", "title": "Government slams corpns over delay in plans", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government has slammed the three municipal corporations for not making layout plans of the recently regularized colonies. The civic bodies had cited fund crunch for the delay; but the government called it their \"inefficiency\".Urban development minister Arvinder Singh Lovely said the corporations never approached with fund requests but they blamed the government for not releasing money. At a meeting attended by commissioners of the three civic bodies on Thursday, Lovely said, \"None of these municipal bodies has submitted any comprehensive proposal seeking funds for the purpose. Only South Corporation had sent a letter on October 19 to the ministry, seeking money for starting a pilot project in five colonies without giving any details required for financial proposals. Government will provide money if the corporations request for it.\" He added that the corporations are bound to prepare layout plans for the regularized colonies within a month.Once the layout plans are finalized, the civic bodies can collect house tax from these colonies.Criticizing the BJP-led corporations, Lovely said, \"The respective chairmen of standing committees of corporations have been making wrong statements about funds not being sanctioned by the government when no such proposals are being sent for approval. It appears that the development of the unauthorized colonies is being politicized and corporations are not keen on working. We will take steps to ensure building plans are also sanctioned by the corporation so that people do not face any difficulties.\"But the corporations are not buying this argument. \"The government knows that the corporations are suffering after trifurcation. They are saying we can collect house tax later; but at present, to prepare the layout plans, we need funds. In every meeting, our officials have told them of our problems but they are delaying it,\" said Rajesh Gehlot, chairman, standing committee, South Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16961351", "title": "Govt must protect the art of magic, says Jadugar Anand", "text": "MADURAI: Despite multiple avenues for entertainment , the centuries-old magic still enthrals the public.Not only are magic shows continuing to draw a sizeable crowd, there are many youngsters eager to learn the art. \"There is an absolute shortage of expert magicians and schools to teach magic,\" says Jadugar Anand, a renowned magician.\"There are many youngsters who are eager to learn the art but finding right masters is a challenge,\" says Anand. Speaking to TOI, Anand said that there was still an overwhelming patronage among the people for magic. \"Magicians survive because people are still curious to see miracles and have the element of fantasy in them even in these days of information technology. Magic will survive till the human race exists but the art form should be protected,\" he says.There are 1,600 members in the All India Magic Federation, where Anand is the president. Still, many more are eager to learn the art and he himself gets a number of requests from youth to join him.\"The ancient art of magic should be institutionalized so that as the art form it could be passed on to next generation very effectively. Considering the great demand for Indian magic and Russian circus in the international arena, the government must come forward to start exclusive academies for magic. It will fetch lot of young talent as well as revenue for the government,\" advocated the renowned magician who is in Madurai to perform his shows for 10 days in the temple city said.He expressed anguish as magic was not even considered as art in the country where magic thrived for time immemorial. \"It is a wonder that magic survived after independence without any patronage from the government with independent magicians nurturing the art updating it with changing times,\" he pointed out. After their period, the magicians suffer without any source of income and struggle for living. If the government considers starting a national academy, these elderly magicians can become exceptional tutors to pass on the skills. As the president of All India Magic Federation, he had taken it up with the Central and state governments but things are not moving, he added.Over his south Tamil Nadu trip, the magician commented that they are coming for the third time to Tamil Nadu and they were always basked in the warmth of the people down south. \"There is a language barrier, but we try to get as much as Tamil scripts in the performance. Perhaps, this is the only place where I have observed the parents teaching even their infants to clap for the performance. As the performer, what else can I demand?\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965720", "title": "New building of Jnanapradayini library to be opened today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The new building of more-than-a-century-old Jnanapradayini Grandhasala at Neyyattinkara will be inaugurated on Friday. Speaker G Karthikeyan will formally open the two-storey building at the municipal stadium premises at 4pm.The library, which started functioning on August 30, 1909, is an integral part of the history of Travancore. The library was inaugurated by Keralavarma Valiya Koyi Thampuran by penning a sloka praising the initiative. \"The library was established by Neyyattinkara A P Nair who had made his mark as a freedom fighter, editor, gifted orator and a member of Sree Moolam Praja Sabha,\" said A M Unnikrishnan, president of Jnanapradayini library. Nair, who quit his government job to become a public servant was instrumental in not only launching the library but also bringing in a treasure of English and Malayalm books and magazines.\"Another notable leader who had maintained close ties with the library in initial years was Gandhian Dr G Ramachandran. Whenever he visited his ancestral village, he used to visit the library. C Krishnan Nair and C Kuttan Nair, who had been noted leaders in New Delhi, and former Andhra Pradesh chief secretary Harikrishna Babu were members of the library,\" said Unnikrishnan. Gandhi Smaraka Nidhi chairman P Gopinathan Nair was a member of the library during his childhood.Though the library could manage 20 cents of land and a building of its own within 20 years of its launch, a major fire in 1940 gutted the building and destroyed the vast collection of books. A few old books, including letters written by Kumaran Asan and Keralavarma Valiya Koyi Thampuran, could be recovered from the remains.On Friday, the effort of a few book buffs in Neyyattinkara to revive the Jnanapradayini library becomes fruitful. The new building, which is a memorial for A P Nair, has been constructed at an estimate of Rs 12 lakh. Apart from the Rs 3 lakh grant from Rajaram Mohan Foundation, Rs 9 lakh was mobilized by locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959452", "title": "Shiv Sena chief slams Congress, but Uddhav Thackeray all praise for chief minister", "text": "MUMBAI: While, in his recorded message played at the Dussehra rally on Wednesday, Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray held Congress responsible for the ills in the country, son and party CEO Uddhav had a different viewpoint. Uddhav praised chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for cracking down on the NCP-led irrigation department.\"While Balasaheb slams Congress, Uddhavji speaks good about Chavan. The contradictory statements are creating a confusion among the party workers,\" a Sena functionary said.The Bal Thackeray had appealed citizens to dump Congress and get rid of the Gandhi-Nehru dynasty 'raj'. But earlier, at the same meeting, Uddhav had praised Chavan for announcing to table irrigation white paper and initiating an inquiry into the department's alleged scam. Uddhav, earlier this moth too, had congratulated Chavan on his inquiry decision and urged the Congress to not remove him from the CM's post till the probe was completed.Meanwhile, a day after Thackeray Sr riled NCP chief and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, party spokesperson Nawab Malik said, \"Uddhav praising Chavan is an indication of the Sena being happy with the functioning of the Congress-NCP government. \"However, Sena leader and MLC Anil Parab said NCP had wrongly interpreted Uddhav's remarks. \"Sena has always opposed Congress and Balasaheb has reiterated this. Not much should be read in Uddhavji praise as he praised the CM for his courage to take on NCP.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "16960148", "title": "Gangster shot dead on Durgapur street", "text": "DURGAPUR: Coal mafia Seikh Selim (50) was killed after some unidentified miscreants opened fire at him from a close range near his house at Kailashpur in Madhaigunj on Thursday afternoon. The area falls under Laudoha police station near Durgapur.Sources said at around 4.30pm, Selim went to a local shop to purchase mineral water when two miscreants on a bike opened fire. started following him on motorcycle. \"Sensing danger, he started running. However, Selim couldn't escape as the miscreants fired at him from a close range,\" said sources, adding that he was recently released from jail.Selim was taken to the Mission Hospital in Bidhannagar where he was declared brought dead. Laudoha Police has found five empty cartridges at the site. All senior cops have rushed to the spot.Ajay Kumar Nand, police commissioner of Asansol Durgapur, said that confirmed that some unidentified miscreants shot the coal mafia. Seikh Selim from close range near his house. \"He died on the way to hospital.police have started probe and were trying to track the assailants. and are trying to trace the assailants. I have ordered curfew on all the roads in the area,\" he added.Sources said that Selim had earlier escaped an attack in 2009, when two of his associates were killed. They said that the needle of suspicion is on Selim's arch rival Seikh Amin, who is currently in jail, who had dethroned Selim at Laudoha and became an undisputed leader there and the adjoining Pandaveswar area a few years back. Amin is still lodged in jail.He was this is not the first time there has been a life attempt on Seikh Selim. Previously he survived attacks on 2009. Two persons have been killed, but he survived. He was also lodged in jail and recently came out from jail. The needle of suspicion is on his arch rival, Seikh Amin who is now lodged in jail.Selim's protege Amin dethroned him from Laudoha and became the undisputed coal mafia dom of Laudoha, Pandaveswar region few years ago. Both have been patronised by the previous rulling party.\"But Selim was desperate to regain control in the areas. This might have led to today's murder,\" sources added. looking for a comeback trying to stage a come back desperately in the past few weeks in Laudoha and Pandaveswar areas. This must have invited wrath from his rivals, sources added.The murder of a coal mafia don in broad day light near his house has put aserious question mark about the law and order situation of Asansol Durgapur Police Comissionerate. It seems that though the CM, Mamata Banerjee has set up her dream police comissionerate by bifurcating Burdwan district police last year and entrusted her close IPS officer as first police comissioner to minimise illegal coal mining in Raniganj coal belt her plan has flopped miserably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959734", "title": "Model Bidushi Barde\u2019s death looks like murder: Forensic experts", "text": "MUMBAI: An examination of the crime scene where model Bidushi Dash Barde (23) was found dead showed that it was a murder and not an accidental death, said forensic experts.Referring to the forensic findings, an expert said, \"There are a number of reasons for ruling out an accidental death. The size, shape and depth of the injuries are such that they cannot be accidental in nature.\" They are too deep to be caused by an accident, the official explained.Investigating officers, however, said they would take some more time before deciding if Bidushi's death was a case of homicide or accidental death.The police, meanwhile, picked up a model coordinator to interrogate him on what he was doing on the day of the incident. They said the coordinator allegedly sent threatening SMSs to Bidushi asking her not to take up assignments through others. \"We are questioning him, but it is too early to arrive at any conclusion,\" said an official. The cops are also interrogating Bidushi's husband, Kedar Barde, for clues.The model was found dead with multiple injuries caused by glass shards on Monday night. The couple had kept an open glass shelf with an iron frame in the passage between the bedroom and the bathroom. The police initially registered an accidental death case but converted it one of murder after analyzing the nature of injuries and the statement of an eyewitness, a maid working in the building. She reportedly saw an unknown person pushing somebody inside the flat.Officials said if Bidushi had collapsed on the shelf and died due to the impact, there would not have been multiple, deep injuries. The forensic team was headed by Dr Harish Pathak, head of the forensic department at KEM Hospital.Officials said the other telltale signs of murder included blood seeping along the shelf, which would not have happened if she had fallen accidentally. \"If it was an accident, she would have fallen on the floor and her blood would not have seeped along the shelf, which is 10cm above the ground. The shelf had a metal frame. It appears that her head was banged on this frame several times, leading to smears there. The fact that blood oozed onto the shelf was ante-mortem (before death) proves that she was alive when these injuries occurred. The injury on the mandible appears not to have been caused by a sharp weapon; it could have been caused by banging her head forcefully on the iron frame. Under these circumstances, a part of her head was inside the shelf and the blood entered the shelf,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16964789", "title": "Churchill to take on deflated Mumbai FC in I-League", "text": "MARGAO: After getting to winning ways against ONGC following their loss to Dempo in the opening encounter, Churchill Brothers will look to ride on the positive momentum when they take on Mumbai FC in the third round of the I-League on Saturday.Churchill Brothers coach Mariano Dias introduced Akram Moghrabi in place of Henri Arnouchet against ONGC after they lost to Dempo and the Lebanese striker grabbed the opportunity with both hands as he played the perfect foil to Roberto Mendes upfront, scoring a hattrick on his debut.Akram, who combined well along with Roberto Silva and Steven Dias, will be the main threat to Mumbai FC, who have suffered successive defeats against Pailan Arrows and Pune FC , Dias said.The coach is happy with the way his team performed against ONGC and is expecting the same performance from his boys at the Nehru stadium tomorrow.After being beaten in their previous two matches, Mumbai FC will be strengthened with the signing of Yusif Yukubu.Team manager Henry Picardo said the two weeks break has helped his players to iron out the differences and Yakubu's experience will also influence them to do better.Churchill Brothers is a formidable side and playing against them at home will be a difficult task but we will be happy to get at least one point if not a win, Picardo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16961358", "title": "College principal case: Interim stay on university's resolution", "text": "MADURAI: The Madras high court bench in Madurai on Thursday granted an interim stay on a resolution passed by Alagappa University, which sought the principal of the American College in Madurai to surrender his PhD degree certificate.The university had conferred M Davamani Christober, the principal a PhD degree in Education (interdisciplinary) in 2007. On October 4, the university passed a resolution directing him to surrender his PhD certificate and instead give him a fresh certificate in PhD (Education).Challenging the resolution, Christober filed a writ petition before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court. In his petition, Christober contended that he joined American College as lecturer of Mathematics during 1995. Later, he was promoted as associate professor.He further contended that on February 7, 2011, the college management released an advertisement, inviting applications for the post of principal to the college. Christober was one among the candidates who had applied for that post and was appointed as principal for American College on October 28, 2011 as per the governing council's procedure for appointment of the principal.The Madurai Kamaraj University (MKU) approved Davamani's qualifications on June 29, this year following the order of the high court bench, he contended in his petition.The petitioner also said that his appointment was continuously challenged by an unsuccessful candidate S David Amirtha Rajan, associate professor, department of commerce from the same college.Besides, Rajan and his committee - American College Protection Committee - made complaints to the Alagappa University, Karaikudi making allegations against Christober stating that he had been wrongly issued with PhD degree in interdisciplinary (education-mathematics), instead of education only.Further, this issue was placed before the university's research advisory committee meeting held on July 19 this year and the meeting had resolved to withdraw the PhD degree certificate issued to him in education (interdisciplinary) and in its place to issue a revised certificate in 'education'.The writ petition came up for admission before Justice M Duraiswamy on Thursday. Senior advocate M Ajmalkhan, appearing for the petitioner told the court that the principal was not communicated about the resolution nor he was put on any notice to put forth his case. He came to know of this issue only through newspapers.\"After a representation was made to the university on October 1 on behalf of the petitioner, the university by its impugned proceedings dated October 4 informed him that the decision to surrender the earlier PhD degree, has been taken on the basis of available materials with them and there was no necessity to call for any explanation from my side. The act of university is gross a violation of natural justice. Hence, the court should grant interim stay on the resolution,\" the senior advocate said.After hearing his arguments, Justice Duraisamy granted interim stay for four weeks and ordered notice to the university to file counter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16962722", "title": "Muslims add sparkle to puja in Millennium City", "text": "CUTTACK: The grand Durga Puja celebrations in the Millennium City would not be quite the same without the contribution of scores of Muslim artists. Many of the intricate and elaborate tableaux for the puja in the city are crafted my Muslims, in a tradition continuing since centuries.\"Without the help of Muslim artisans, the puja will not be so gorgeous,\" said Sudam Sahoo, a member of Mangalabag puja committee in the city. \"For the last 50 years, we have been depending on these artisans for making the tableaux,'' he said.\"Once the tableaux is completed, we start to feel the euphoria of Dussehra,\" said Sharif Khan, an artisan from Buxi Bazaar. Artisan Kalia Khan's team made as many as 15 tableaux in four months this puja, used by committees at Mangalabag, Madhupatna, Ranihat Goud Sahi, Dargha Bazaar and CDA Sector-9. \"We depend on this work for our livelihood,'' said Sabna Begum, wife of Zalil.Muslims also partake readily of Dussehra festivities. \"I donned new clothes and visited pandals in and around the city with my friends,\" said Aslam Khan of Odia Bazaar. \"I never miss the immersion ceremony either and go to Devi gada in order to witness the ritual,'' he added.Nazia Khan, a resident of Mangalabag, said, \"During Dussehra several collegemates come to my house and we relish the delicious food prepared by my mother. In the evening hours, I along with my parents visit puja mandaps and savour the famous 'dahibara aloodum' of the city.''The camaraderie cutting across religious boundaries is enjoyed by all. \"I really enjoy the company of my Muslim friends during puja. It mirrors the brotherhood, camaraderie and communal harmony existing in the city for years,'' said Rajesh Kumar Behera of Machua Bazaar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960071", "title": "Auto falls into pit in Connaught Place", "text": "NEW DELHI: An auto driver fell into a dug-up area in Connaught Place along with his auto on Thursday evening and suffered severe injuries, said police. The auto was also badly damaged.The injured has been identified as Satish Kumar. He is admitted at RML hospital.A senior officer said they were probing if the NDMC was responsible for negligence.The incident took place around 7pm at gate number 7 of Palika market. Eyewitnesses told cops that the driver drove into the tunnel as the area was poorly lit and there were no signages indicating the construction work going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16965036", "title": "No festivities for these child workers", "text": "PATNA: Though Durga Puja is over, the city folks are still drenched in the fervour of Dussehra celebration. Be it kids, adults or oldies, the foremost of the subjects of their conversation is the way they celebrated Durga Puja.And for the city kids, this puja was all about wearing new clothes, hitting the puja pandals, enjoying dandiya nights with Bollywood celebrities, eating sweets and relishing delicious food at the food stalls near the pandals.Ritu and Rohit, aged 12 and 9, respectively, are still in the hangover of the 'masti' they had this Durga Puja. \"Total masti and dhamaal were what I had planned this Puja, and that was all I did,\" said Ritu.Rahul and Nikita, too, were among the kids who were seen in their dandiya attires and they rocked the dance floor tapping their feet to the hit Bollywood numbers with their friends at the 'Dandiya Raas' at BSEB ground. Later, they tickled their taste buds with various delicacies served on thelas and food stalls set up outside the pandals. But, for the ill-clad poor children like Raja and Gagan, who worked at the roadside stall, there was hardly any festivity.Raja, aged 10, was one of the many who could be seen serving the likes of Ritu, Rohit, Rahul and Nikita and their parents with mouth-watering dishes like momos, 'chaat', chowmein and golgappas. For him, Durga Puja was nothing more than another occasion to make more money than on ordinary days of the trade.Similar is the tale of 12-year-old Gagan, who helps his uncle in running a thela of 'chhole bhature' near Kargil Chowk, Gandhi Maidan. This puja brought him more money than what he makes in his daily business. He was elated over the amount he had earned by selling fast food as well as 'chole bhature' at his stall set up near the Dak Bungalow puja pandal.Likewise, 9-year-old Kiran, who helps her maternal aunt (mausi) at her tea stall near Patna University office, spent her puja helping her maternal uncle (mausa) at his stall of 'chaat' and golgappas at Ashok Rajpath. When her uncle was reminded of the child labour law, pat came the reply, \"Iska baap humesha pi kar behosh rahta hai. Kiran kaam nahi karegi to ghar kaise chalega iska?\" (Her father is always drunk. If she does not work who will take care of her family).It is hard to believe but the truth is that there are more than 11 lakh children in Bihar who are the breadwinners for their families. For this large population, festivals means no celebration but days of rivalry with other children of similar occupation to earn more for themselves and their families.While Ramdeo Prasad, chairman, Bihar State Child Labour Commission, attributed the closure of the office of 'Dhawa Dal' to check the employers of these children, City SP Jayant Kant said he did not have enough force at his disposal to check such activities near the puja pandals. \"It is a social issue and requires moral consciousness among people rather than police intervention,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958940", "title": "Senior cops irked by multiple meets on Naxal issue", "text": "MUMBAI: Senior bureaucrats and high-ranking IPS officials are agitated over independent meetings convened by agriculture minister Sharad Pawar and union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde to take stock of the law and order situation in the state, particularly in the Naxal-infested Gadchiroli and Gondia districts.\"In less than 30 days, we attended six meetings to discuss the law and order situation in Naxal-infested areas. Four were convened by Pawar, and two by Shinde. Shinde also held a prolonged meeting in Pune. We feel there is a lack of coordination and as a result, IPS officials have to shuttle between Pawar and Shinde,\" a senior IPS official said.A month ago, when PM Manmohan Singh addressed a meeting of DGPs, he had expressed displeasure over the failure of law-enforcing agencies in Maharashtra to tackle the Naxal movement in Gadchiroli. He had pointed out that the measures taken by the state were grossly inadequate. Simultaneously, the PMO had submitted a comprehensive note on poor preparedness of law-enforcing agencies in the state to Sharad Pawar for information with the hope that he will take it up with the state home department, a portfolio held by NCP leader RR Patil.A day after Pawar received the note, he summoned not only RR Patil, but all senior IPS officers from the state to New Delhi to seek more information from them, particularly on the PMO's observations. Subsequently, Pawar held yet another meeting in Mumbai in the presence of CM Prithviraj Chavan, RR Patil and senior IPS officers, who briefed him on the fresh measures taken by them to halt the Naxal movement in Gadchiroli and Gondia districts.Last week, Pawar again reviewed the situation in these areas in presence of Chavan, RR Patil, finance minister Jayant Patil and heavy industries minister Praful Patel. The reasons put forth on the spread of the Naxal movement ranged from no development to short-staffed police force.While the state was drafting a new strategy to tackle Naxalism, Shinde again called DGPs and senior home department officials to his Bandra home to discuss the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16963415", "title": "Maharashtra tourist saved in no-swim zone", "text": "PANAJI: A tourist from Maharashtra was rescued by lifeguards at Baga beach on Thursday afternoon.Ajit Parmar, 24, was swimming in a non-swim zone close to the Baga lifeguard tower at around 3.15pm when he got caught in a rip current around 30m seaward. Noticing him in difficulty, lifeguards immediately rushed to his assistance and brought him to the shore using a rescue tube. Sources said that the tourist had consumed alcohol before venturing for a swim.He was later allowed to join his friends as he had not sustained any injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962932", "title": "Flying start for junior Indian shuttlers", "text": "NAGPUR: India got off to a flying start in the BWF World Junior (U-19) Badminton Championships which got underway at Chiba, Japan on Thursday.India recorded two victories to advance into the next round of the mixed team championships. India will take on formidable Thailand in their third and last league match on Friday, which will decide the Group W2 winner. Thailand too entered the next round with two fluent wins.India thrashed Finland 5-0 in their opening encounter thanks to a brilliant performance by Andhra Pradesh pair G Ruthvika Shivani and T Hemanagendra Babu. Ruthvika won both her singles as well as mixed doubles with Babu. Earlier Babu combined well with B Venkatesh to win the men's doubles.Doubles specialist Babu continued his good show in the match against Bulgaria too, which India won 3-2. Babu-Ruthvika rallied back superbly to beat Stefan Garev-Gabriela Stoeva 20-22, 21-9, 21-16 in the mixed doubles. Later, Babu and Venkatesh won their men's doubles to give India an unbeatable 3-1 lead.Mumbai teenager Harsheel Dani overcame mid-match slump to down Vladimir Shishkov 21-15, 21-23, 21-8 in his maiden appearance in the world juniors.RESULTSIndia bt Finland 5-0 (Rohit Yadav bt Iikka Heino 21-19, 20-22, 21-19; G Ruthvika Shivani bt Anna Paavola 21-4, 21-17; T Hemanagendra Babu-B Venkatesh bt Kalle Koljonen-Joonas Korhonen 21-19, 16-21, 21-11; J Meghana-K Maneesha bt Mathilda Lindholm-Jenny Nystrom 15-21, 21-16, 21-18; T Hemanagendra Babu-G Ruthvika Shivani bt Joonas Korhonen-Jenny Nystrom 12-21, 21-18, 21-15).India bt Bulgaria 3-2 (T Hemanagendra Babu-G Ruthvika Shivani bt Stefan Garev-Gabriela Stoeva 20-22, 21-9, 21-16; Harsheel Dani bt Vladimir Shishkov 21-15, 21-23, 21-8; G Ruthvika Shivani lost to Stefani Stoeva 17-21, 11-21; T Hemanagendra Babu-B Venkatesh bt Vladimir Shishkov-Stefan Garev 21-10, 21-16; K Maneesha-J Meghana lost to Stefani Stoeva-Gabriela Stoeva 11-21, 13-21).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16964119", "title": "Apple iPad mini pre-orders begin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apple has begun taking pre-orders for the iPad mini, its latest tablet which was launched on October 23. The company is taking advance bookings for both Wi-Fi only as well as Wi-Fi + 4G models of the device, but shipping times vary.While the former will be delivered to buyers on November 2, the latter will be shipped around mid-November, according to information provided on Apple's online store which went offline for a while for updation.The company is offering buyers the option of engraving their iPad mini with a personalised message and financing offers. Buyers can also opt for a Smart Cover designed for the iPad mini while purchasing the device.Apple is offering the Wi-Fi only iPad Mini in 16, 32 and 64GB capacities at $329, $429 and $519 respectively. For the 4G-compatible versions of the device, users will have to shell out an additional $130 for each variant.iPad mini features a 7.9-inch IPS touchscreen with 1024x768-pixel resolution and runs on iOS6. The device is powered by a dual-core A5 processor and has 5MP iSight rear camera and 1.2MP FaceTime front camera. Connectivity options in the tablet include Wi-Fi, 2G, 3G, 4G, Bluetooth 4.0 and 8-pin Lighting connector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16960224", "title": "Clean here, cluttered there: A tale of two ghats", "text": "KOLKATA: It's a tale of two ghats a day after Dashami, when the grand immersion started.While Bajekadamtala ghat, adjoining the Babughat, looked clean, police and volunteers at Nimtollaghat struggled to keep it clean and trouble-free during the immersion. Locals at Nimtolla did brisk business collecting idol structures from the river and selling them at the workshops nearby. These structures will be used for creating Kali idols, said a KMC official.A majority of Durga idols in the city are immersed in these two ghats every year.Even after witnessing immersion of over 500 idols since Wednesday afternoon, the Bajekadamtala ghat looked sparkling clean on Thursday. With Kolkata Municipal Corporation-appointed NGO and volunteers working round-the-clock, the ghat saw smooth immersion of idols was well prepared for immersion of a large number of idols from different parts of central and south Kolkata.A team of civic officials and NGO volunteers made it easy for the puja organizers, guiding them to keep their idols in a queue and systematically avail their turns for immersion. A group of KMC volunteers were collecting floral garlands to deposit those into flower bins placed on both sides of the ghat. The small police team didn't face any difficulty at the ghat, where over 1,000 idols are immersed every year.However, the scene at Nimtolla was a stark contrast. Most of the idols from north Kolkata and its suburbs are immersed in the ghat, which has no ready infrastructure to ensure orderly immersion. A large number of police, present there, looked confused as there was little coordination between them and the KMC officials in organizing immersion of the 'big budget' pujas. The idols of College Square Sarbojanin, Md Ali Park, Ahiritola, Bagbazar Sarbojanin, Kumortuli Sarbojanin, Vivekananda Sporting and Chaltabagan are among the 700-odd ones immersed in the ghat every year.\"This year, the scene is really bad and the ghat looks so unclean with only 300 idols immersed so far,\" a KMC official, overseeing the immersion at Nimtollaghat, said on Thursday.The presence of a crane mounted on a barge on river Hooghly, two other cranes on the banks of the river, four pay loaders and a full team of KMC workers posted at Bajekadamtolla ghat made the difference. KMC officials at Nimtolla could not rope in a barge-fitted crane from the Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) despite their best efforts. \"We were convinced that KoPT authorities would send us a crane for a smooth immersion at Nimtolla. But the crane never came,\" Debasish Chakraborty, the officer-on-special duty, said on Thursday.This is a tale of two ghats a day after Durga puja immersion started.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "durban", "code": "16962650", "title": "We don't seem to find the right attitude for big games: Jayawardene", "text": "DURBAN: Livid after Delhi Daredevils went down meekly to Highveld Lions in the Champions League Twenty20 semifinal, skipper Mahela Jayawardene said his team did not have the \"right attitude\" and was bogged down by nerves and pressure.Jayawardene dropped himself from the line-up to accommodate the aggressive David Warner in the playing XI but the move hardly paid off as Delhi fell short by 22 runs in a chase of 140 on Thursday.\"We play very good cricket throughout but when it comes to those big matches, we don't seem to find the right attitude. It could be put down to nerves and pressure. Because it has happened to us in the past, it probably goes through our minds when we're playing a big game,\" Jayawardene said after the match in which only three Delhi batsmen hit double-digit figures.\"This is my first season with the Daredevils and this is something that I want us to talk among ourselves. We've got a good senior group and we can rectify that. True, we're getting at this level because we're a good team and are performing well.\"We need to make sure that once we get to into a big game, the guys put up their hands and perform. After losing a game, it's tough to be critical of yourself and analyse people,\" he added.The Sri Lankan defended his decision to drop out of the game.\"With IPL teams you face a unique situation where you can play only four foreigners and you have to ensure you are playing the right guys.\"It becomes especially crucial in our case, where we have four quality overseas batsmen and everyone plays a different role. Going into this match, we realised that against the two left-arm pacers - Dirk Nannes and Sohail Tanvir - we needed a left-hander to open the batting,\" Jayawardene explained.Jayawardene said that since explosive Englishman Kevin Pietersen had been assigned the anchor's role, he had no reason to play.\"There was no point of me batting in the middle order as I'm used to opening the batting and Ross Taylor is used to batting at No.5. We have KP batting in the top order as well. For me to play, we'd have had to make several changes, which we didn't want,\" he said.\"We thought it would be wise to make just one change at the top. It was a tactical decision. I think it also paid off to a certain extent as David batted well against the two left-armers and gave us the start that we wanted,\" he added.\"...we put KP in that anchor role. His role changed today as we wanted David to go and play his natural game. We didn't see a point in KP and me, both playing the anchoring role. We were right with our tactics but we didn't execute them well.\"Jayawardene said the failure to build partnerships and a few mis-fields cost his team dearly.\"Chasing 140, we just needed one more partnership, which we didn't get. With the ball, I think we were pretty disciplined on the whole,\" he said.\"But we dropped a few catches and that probably cost us 15-20 runs in the field. These are the mistakes you don't want to make in a big game like this,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16963736", "title": "Sagun to lead Goa Ranji team", "text": "PANAJI: Sagun Kamat will lead the state cricket squad at the Ranji Trophy tournament, starting next month.The opening batsman was sidelined with an injury for a long time but once he joined the Ranji probables, he has shown no fitness worries while training under former India pacer Dodda Ganesh.\"Sagun should be leading the team. A final decision will be taken on Saturday,\" said a senior Goa Cricket Association official. Sagun was captain of the Ranji squad for the 2010-11 season but was upstaged by the likes of Swapnil Asnodkar and Robin D'Souza in the subsequent season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16959873", "title": "An enigma destined to withstand time", "text": "KOLKATA: As the cortege rolled, writer Abul Basar couldn't help but wonder about his beloved author's secular self. What had made Sunil Gangopadhyay compose Swarger Kachhe or Swarger Niche Manush? Basar started scribbling on a pad - thoughts about Sunil's preoccupation with the Heaven he never aspired to reach.\"The real Sunil emerges in Krittiibas, his biographical poetry. It's about the struggling writer who lived off tuitions and newspaper articles. Here we find the bohemian Sunil rueing his failure to devote time to religious rituals,\" Basar said. Eyes closed, he continued: \"Some time later, he wrote, Je Haat Chhuyechhe Neera-r Mukh Shei Haatey Ami Ki Paap Korte Pari (could I sin with the same hands that touched Neera). Sunil-da kept turning to religion while making secular statements. In his works, we discover an atheist who takes care not to denounce religion. I want to delve deeper into this paradox.\"People like Goutam Ghose seemed awestruck by the enigma that was Sunil Gangopadhyay.\"Sunil-da was a non-believer, yet so sensitive. Years ago, I had read out the script of Antarjali Yatra (based on Sunil's favourite Kamal Kumar Majumdar's Mahayatra) in his apartment. He easily added value to it - thorough as he was about Hindu rituals. The same went for Islam. I think I touched this secular chord every time I asked him to write on Bengal's composite culture. Sunil-da obliged and came up with Moner Manush (on Lalon Fakir) as his key character in a Puja number,\" recalled the ace filmmaker.It's his language that took Sunil to readers across ages and continents. And the vulnerable poetic persona of Nikhilesh, alias Sunil, became a household name. As did ladylove Neera.After his demise, the debate has intensified whether poetry towered over the other genres Sunil attempted \"It's a difficult debate. Especially after the way he transformed Bengal Renaissance to fiction and imbibed life into all those stoic historical characters in Shei Shomay, Prathom Alo and Purba Paschim. But somehow, I would always feel that the poet Sunil was the real Sunil,\" Basar says. Painter Shuvaprasanna agrees: \"He was a poet because he was the eternal lover. His language - extremely lucid - revolved around love and this made his poetry, which is usually less read than prose, appeal to all.\"People recalled the \"essentially poetic\" Sunil storming into the arena of novel-writing with the trendsetter Atmaprakash (self-revelation) in 1965. From then on, the ever-youthful author spun out fiction after fiction with contemporary Kolkata and its youth as the recurrent theme.'Amra Mati Chhere Doshtolay Utthe Pher Matir Jonno Hahakar Kori (we pine for the earth from our 10th floor),' he once wrote. \"The Kolkatan easily associated with his racy story-telling. Evidently, the urbane citizenry was his target audience. He did return to Mother Nature and the rural-mofussil life every now and then, though,\" Basar said.But he was a true blue Kolkatan - his writing being testimony to the city's evolution. \"He knew the Kolkata psyche by heart since he came from north Kolkata and migrated to south. Kolkata ruled his creative sphere. I guess he would have written about the Metro rail as well,\" said Basar.Will he survive the test of time? \"Unless there is a tsunami and we are all swallowed by devastation, people will continue to read Sunil,\" said Rajeswari Aich, an MA student of Calcutta University.Perhaps the simplicity is given away in Ghose's recall: \"Sunilda and I had scripted a story on Major Ahluwalia, who had scaled Mt Everest. The film never happened. So, Sunil-da humbly asked me, 'Can I use it as a novel?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16965035", "title": "Ghats cleaner this year after Durga immersion", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Durga immersion ceremony, which marks the end of the festival, saw a wide participation of people from different walks of life. Denizens of Guwahati paid a tearful adieu to the goddess on Wednesday.Though majority of the puja committees of Guwahati and Kamrup (metro) district immersed the Durga idols at Kachamari ghat and Pandu ghat in the city, many preferred to immerse the idols in the Sunsali, Chandrapur, Basistha and Sonapur areas.Significantly Kachamari and Pandu ghats were not left as dirty as last year after the immersion. \"We are happy that the puja committees have cooperated with the district administration to keep the environment clean. The river ghats, where Durga idols have been immersed in Kamrup (metro) district this year, are much cleaner than last year,\" said Mrinal Gogoi, additional deputy commissioner of Kamrup (metro).He expressed satisfaction that no untoward incident occurred during the immersion ceremony in the district on Wednesday and Thursday.As many as 282 idols of Durga were immersed at Kachamari ghat of the Brahmaputra in Fancy Bazar here while 49 idols were immersed at Pandu Ghat in the western part of the city.As per tradition, Latasil Durga Puja Committee immersed their Durga idol a day after Bijoya Dashami, said Gogoi. Sources said 45 Durga idols will be immersed at Pandu ghat on Thursday.\"Unlike previous years, the number of Durga idols immersed at Pandu ghat on Bijoya Dashami was less. The rush of people at Pandu ghat was over by 11 pm on Wednesday,\" said a resident of the Pandu area.The Kamakhya temple authorities believe that Durga is an incarnation of goddess Kamakhya. However, they do not worship a decorated Durga idol, but the image of Durga drawn on a layer of clay. They immersed the undecorated idol in the Brahmaputra near the temple on Wednesday.Divers of the National Disaster Response Force, state disaster response force and civil defence were deployed by the administration. \"We feel sad to bid farewell to the goddess, but it is a tradition, which has to go on. We will wait eagerly for 'Maa' to arrive to her home on earth till next year,\" said Manisha Agarwal of Fancy Bazar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "16958491", "title": "Hitch holds up Falaknuma Express", "text": "GUNTUR: Passengers of Secunderabad-bound Falaknuma Express (12703) had a torrid time in the early hours of Thursday with the super fast express stranded for nearly four hours between Miryalaguda and Nalgonda stations. Though the officials blamed it on a technical snag in the engine, the failure of the authorities to inform the passengers made them restless.The train finally reached its destination, Secunderabad, at around 12.25 pm, two and a half hours behind its scheduled arrival. According to sources, the train was stopped after crossing the Vishnupuram station at around 6.30 am. For next two-and-a-half hours, the passengers were clueless as to why the train had stopped. The superfast train reached Miryalaguda at 9 am.However, the ordeal of the passengers did not end there as the train was again stopped for more than one hour at Miryalaguda. Irate passengers entered into heated arguments with the railway authorities at Miryalaguda for putting them to severe inconvenience even as several others complained about keeping them in dark about the movement of the train. The railway staff had a tough time pacifying the passengers and arranging a separate engine. The train finally left Miryalaguda station after 10 am. Sources said that lack of coordination between the authorities of Guntur and Secunderabad railway divisions caused the delay as Miryalaguda station is the termination point of Guntur division.Meanwhile, movement of several trains was affected between Guntur and Tenali when the trackmen found cracks on the rail lines near Vemur station in the morning. The authorities carried out the repairs on a war-footing and restored the traffic.In another incident, wagons of a good train got separated from the engine near Narasaraopet station in the afternoon. Both the guard and driver of the goods train, carrying coal to a thermal power plant in Karnataka, found the wagons delinked from the engine and brought the train to a halt. The engineering staff found delinking of couplings in at least two points and carried out the repairs.The incident resulted in delay in the running of passenger trains in the Guntur and Nandyal section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964608", "title": "Percept Live' multi-genre music festival 'GOD'", "text": "For the very first time international sensation Beardyman will perform in India.Percept Live, announces the first edition of 'Go On...Discover' (GOD), a unique multi genre music festival on October 27, 2012 at the sprawling landscape arena of Cocopara, Pune. The festival is a great ensemble of LIVE music put together by renowned bands across the globe. For the very first time international sensation Beardyman will perform in India.The festival will have multiple stages that will showcase &amp; play different genres of music brimming with a pax capacity of over 1500 people. This day long festival that will start at 3pm will showcase performances by Indian bands like Junkyard Groove, Whirling Kalapas, Zedde, Madrobe Walfunction, Bandish Projekt, Modern Mafia &amp; Blek sharing stage with Tom Middleton &amp; BeardymanGOD will provide its patrons not only the best of the music and artists from all over the world but also state of the art technology &amp; effects that will make it a visual delight par excellence. The festival will have spectacular highlights with illusionists bringing out the flavor of magic, nestled in the forest of the Gods of music at Cocoparra and a special limited edition rock merchandise store along with a flea market.\"Festivals always have a unique vibe in comparison to tours and one-off gigs. I am honored to be a part of the very first edition of the GOD festival!\" - Bandish Projekt\"We've been hearing only good things about Cocoparra. So we can't wait to get consumed by the place and it's magic. We're also stoked to be on the same bill as our heroes Uday Benegal and Mahesh Tinaikar. More at the show.\" - 2Blue [Lead Singer, Zedde]Mr. Shailendra Singh, Joint Managing Director of Percept Ltd says, \"Percept is eager to continue introducing festivals that affect the cultural dimensions of the country. There is no better feeling than to give our crowds an ultimate music experience; we are excited to take it to the next level. You have nothing but full power entertainment to look forward to at Go On... Discover Music Festival\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16961406", "title": "Hindustan Machine Tools Limited: From watches to weapons?", "text": "KOCHI: Public Sector Hindustan Machine Tools Limited (HMT) is gearing up to undertake manufacture of weapons and ammunition like rifles, missiles components and shells as part of its diversification plans. \"We are in advanced stage of discussions with institutions like Defence Research and Development Organization (DRDO). They have developed the technologies for manufacturing such items, and we have the capacity to manufacture them,'' M D Sreekumar, HMT's managing director told TOI. Sreekumar said DRDO passes on technologies to industries through an open tendering process. \"So far we did not have the qualifications to participate in the tender. After the discussions DRDO will permit us to participate in the tender. And we are confident that we have the expertise to absorb the technologies,'' he said. The weapon manufacturing assignments would be mainly carried out in the Kochi (Kalamassery), Bangalore and Hyderabad units.\"We can only grow arithmetically if we confine ourselves to machine tools sector. But to grow in geometric proportions we need to think out of the box and diversify into multiple sectors,'' he said.HMT was also planning to enter into the manufacture of critical components in the nuclear industry like centrifuges and manipulators. We are also in talks with some leading global players in the machine tool industry to form joint ventures for technology transfer and manufacture of high-tech machine tools in the country. We are confident of inking at least three MoUs with firms from Japan, Korea and France before the end of the current year,'' Sreekumar said.He said HMT is on a recovery path after its recent past of loss-making ''Our order book is full this year, with orders worth Rs 260 crore. Out of this Rs 90 crore is from the defence sector. We expect orders for another 200 crore before the end of next March,'' Sreekumar said.Sreekumar, who was on his first visit to the Kalamassery unit of the HMT on Thursday after assuming charge as MD, handed over the SBCNC-80 lathe machine to the Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC), Thiruvananthapuram. VSSC director P S Veeraraghavan who received the machine said this would be highly useful for undertaking lathe works on components required for PSLV. HMT is the only Indian company capable of producing Computer Numerically Controlled (CNC) Lathe machines which can handle such large sized components.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965862", "title": "Auto, taxi fares to go up", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government has reached an agreement with representatives of various auto-taxi trade unions on raising the minimum fare. However, a final decision will be taken only after the cabinet approval.In the discussion the union representatives had with transport minister Aryadan Mohammad, it has been decided to increase the minimum fare of autorickshaws to Rs 15 from Rs 12 and for taxis to Rs 100 from Rs 60. \"A final decision would be taken at the cabinet meeting on November 10,\" Aryadan Mohammad said.An agreement has also been reached to increase the per kilometre rate of autorickshaw to Rs 8 from Rs 7 and for taxi to increase to Rs 10 from the present Rs 8 as per the demand made by trade union leaders.Meanwhile, the representatives of various trade unions have decided to call off their proposed indefinite strike from October 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16960810", "title": "TMC for forest cover royalty, HP share in Chandigarh", "text": "SHIMLA: Pitching for royalty from the vast forest cover that Himachal Pradesh has been protecting for ecological concerns, Trinamool Congress (TMC) in its manifesto released here on Thursday has advocated scientific forestry and put tackling rampant corruption and high unemployment as its top priority.Unfolding the party's vision for the hill state at the manifesto release function, K D Singh, TMC in charge for northern states, said, \"Himachal has been guarding its forest wealth ferociously but is not being compensated for doing so.\"Even though the party will contest the November 4 assembly election on 24 seats only, should it emerge in a position to influence policy, it would insist upon providing royalty to Himachal for the ecological benefits that the protected forest wealth brings about in the region, he said.The party also mentioned that it would work for obtaining the \"just rights\" of the state in the union territory of Chandigarh, which had been denied to it under the Punjab Re-organization Act, 1966. Scientific forestry could add enormous resources to the states kitty as was being done the Canada, Singh said. As in Bengal, the party was against forceful acquisition of land and, through innovative thinking, would create one lakh jobs each year to overcome the problem of unemployment, he added.\"Fighting corruption is one of the topmost issues for Trinamool Congress and it has spelled out in the election manifesto,\" said Singh. He also claimed that TMC's early release of issues like providing of unemployment allowance and laptops for Plus Two students had been included in manifestos of other parties. However, while Congress manifesto talks about providing Rs 1,000 unemployment allowance, TMC has offered unemployment allowance between Rs 2,000 to Rs 5,000, depending up the beneficiaries' educational qualification.The party has also promised increasing social security pension from Rs 400 to Rs 750 and for senior citizens over the age of 70 it would be Rs 1,000 per person. Daily wagers would get Rs 200 per day for unskilled labour and Rs 600 for skilled labour.TMC state president Pramod Sharma, who is contesting the election from Theog, was also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16960466", "title": "Boy killed in pawn shop, gold stolen", "text": "CHENNAI: Robbers killed a 14-year-old boy at a pawnbroker's shop on Bazaar Road in Madipakkam on Thursday evening and made away with jewellery worth 20 lakh and a CCTV camera.Police said the incident took place when Madhan Singh, from Rajasthan, was alone in the shop. Its owner, Mohan Lal, had gone to a hospital after taking ill when the robbers struck.The murder was discovered around 5pm, when a customer stepped into the shop and found Madhan in a pool of blood, his throat slit, an investigating officer said. \"She raised an alarm and shopkeepers rushed to the spot,\" he said. Police were alerted and arrived at the crime scene a short while later.\"Madhan was murdered between 3pm and 5pm, after he had lunch and returned to the shop,\" said a senior police officer. \"His uncle Mohan Lal had gone to a hospital. The assailants emptied the locker, taking jewellery worth 20 lakh.\"Madhan had come to the city six months ago to help run the shop.Forensic experts examined the spot and police dogs were pressed into service.Shopkeepers in the neighbourhood told police that they did not have adequate security. \"The murder happened on a busy road when it was full of traffic. It is unfortunate that the police can do little to protect us,\" said K Sridhar, a shopkeeper.Despite the robbers taking away the CCTV camera, police said they had some leads. \"It appears to be a well planned murder,\" the investigating officer said.\"We are questioning the pawnbroker, his family and eyewitnesses,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16963039", "title": "Assam: Three people injured in clash", "text": "GUWAHATI: At least three people were injured in a clash between two communities in lower Assam's Dhubri district, police said on Friday.\"Three persons were injured last night after a clash between two communities during the immersion of idols after the Durga puja celebration\", IGP (law and order) A P Rout said.The situation was now under control and eight people arrested, he said.\"There is no communal tension and the situation is totally under control. Rumours of communal tension are baseless\", the IGP said.Trouble was brewing in Dhubri since Wednesday when protesters clashed with the police during a bandh called by Dhubri Sarvajanik Durga Puja Sammanway Samiti against the stabbing of a puja mandap decorator on Tuesday.The administration's alleged failure to nab the culprits responsible for the attack saw protesters clashing with police, who fired eight rounds in the air to disperse them on Wednesday.A two-hour curfew was imposed on that day which was lifted at 5am on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959374", "title": "Probe harassment claim against Kripashankar: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday directed a magisterial inquiry into a complaint by a Kalina resident alleging harassment by former Mumbai Congress chief Kripashankar Singh and his henchmen in connivance with the Vakola police. It has also directed the State Human Rights Commission to take cognizance of the complaint and conduct an inquiry into the allegations.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode was hearing a petition filed by Tulsidas Nair alleging that Singh and his accomplices had encroached upon his three shops and three flats. He said despite the City Civil Court in 1998 directing their recovery, the court order could not be executed because of Singh's \"muscle power and political clout''. Nair has also alleged connivance of his landlady, Twinder Pal Anand, with whom he is embroiled in a dispute over a 900 sq ft flat at Sunder Nagar where he currently resides. His petition urged for a CBI probe and direction to the state to pay him heavy compensation.Nair said he is being harassed by Singh and his henchmen and the police are forcibly picking him up and filing criminal cases against him. \"I had properties worth crores. They took away everything I owned,'' he cried. Nair claimed to be the whistleblower of various acts of omission and commission by Singh. He said he is not allowed to leave his house and has been assaulted. \"The police are the real goondas,'' he said.The judges directed the DCP (Protection) to provide Nair police protection free of cost for two weeks. They directed the chief metropolitan magistrate to depute a magistrate from the Bandra court conduct the probe within two weeks and submit a report to the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959286", "title": "Maharashtra government to alter eligibility for special officer post", "text": "MUMBAI: The state on Thursday informed the Bombay high court that it was planning to raise the eligibility criteria for appointment as special executive officers (SEOs) to HSC pass.\"The proposal is awaiting the CM's approval,\" additional public prosecutor Rajeshree Gadhvi told a division bench of Justices VM Kanade and PD Kode. Advocate Arfan Sait pointed out that as per the government affidavit, at present a person need only know how to \"read and write\" for the SEO's post.The court was also told that the state had issued a circular taking away the power of SEOs to record dying declarations. The matter had come to HC's notice after it noticed unqualified SEOs conducting identification parades in criminal cases and recording dying declarations without following procedures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16966490", "title": "I was not a padhaku bachcha: Minissha Lamba", "text": "There are a lot of special memories associated with my college days in Delhi, but none related to studies,\" confessed Minissha Lamba , a Miranda House alumnus, who was in recently in the capital.Talking about her DU days, the actress told us about her class bunks and her permanent attendance issues. \"I was not that typical padhaku bachcha sorts, so I never used to attend classes. Just sitting and listening to the lectures is so boring, so we used to roam around in the campus area, and when the classes ended, I used to run away from college and go back home,\" Minissha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16961347", "title": "Woman, daughters running chit fund consume acid", "text": "TRICHY: A woman and her elder daughter who were running a chit fund, committed suicide by consuming acid in Puthur in Trichy as they were unable to repay their investors. The younger daughter of the woman, who also consumed the acid, is being treated at the Mahatma Gandhi memorial government hospital (MGMGH).Police said that Gomathi (59) from Edatheru in Puthur in Trichy and her two daughters Mahalakshmi (40) and Vijayashanthi (36) were jointly running a chit fund for Diwali this year. The three women consumed acid mixed in their dinner on Wednesday night at their residence. The trio slipped into unconsciousness but neighbours noticed the scene and brought them to the MGMGH. Unfortunately, the health condition of Gomathi and Mahalakshmi deteriorated and they died on Wednesday night. However, Vijayalakshmi is still being treated at the hospital.The three women and Mahalakshmi's husband Baskar, had started a Diwali chit fund last year and attracted around 300 investors in the area. They had collected around Rs nine lakh from the investors. As per norms, the chit fund company should repay the money with interest or give assured gifts to the investors before Diwali this year. When the investors pressurized the women to return their money, they decided to end their lives and consumed poison, the police added.Cases involving cheating by chit fund companies are being reported in Trichy at regular intervals. On October 15 this year, a group of people from Trichy lodged a complaint with the district collector to demand action against a chit fund company that cheated them of around Rs 2 crore and left town. \"Poor people do not want to deposit very small amounts in banks. Hence, they choose such chit funds to deposit amounts of Rs 10 to Rs 100 on a daily basis. Since the law against cheating is not stringent enough, many fraudulent chit fund companies indulge in it,\" a senior police officer said.Commenting on the situation, M Pugazhendhi, inspector at the Economic Offences Wing (EOW), Trichy said, \"Some chit fund companies are floated with the aim to cheat people. In a few cases, investors fail to regularly pay their dues. Sometimes, the chit fund companies are unable to fulfil their promises to the customers. In many cases, the companies stashed away their money and declared themselves insolvent.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16958336", "title": "Couple end life in Mohanlalganj", "text": "LUCKNOW: A couple married for past year-and-half committed suicide on Thursday in the Mohanlalganj area. Mehtab, a resident of Mau area under Mohanlalganj had married Afroz recently. Reportedly, Afroz hung herself from a wooden log in her home around 1.00 p.m. on Thursday.Mehtab, the husband of the deceased, in deep grief ran towards the railway station situated at a close distance from his home after discovering her body. He stood in front of a moving train to end his life within an hour of the incident. Mehtab was 23, while Afroz was 20. The police said it could not ascertain the reason behind Afroz ending her life. \"The members of the family have said that the couple was planning for their future and was extremely happy with each other. Further investigations are underway,\" said Yogendra Singh, in-charge of Mohanlalganj police station.Raped: A dalit woman was allegedly raped late on Tuesday in Malihabad area, while she was returning after attending a jaagran. The victim, 21-year-old Kumari (name changed) lives in Bhulsi village of Malihabad area.The victim was allegedly approached by Pratap Yadav with the support of Babloo and Munna. While the involvement of three individuals in the act raises suspicions of gang-rape, police insisted that only Yadav raped her. The woman was allegedly, assaulted near flour mill and the three dragged her into a mango orchard and raped her.Stabbed to death: A youth lost his life in Aminabad following a spat with his friend on Thursday. According to police, 28-year-old Akram, a resident of Kasaibada was allegedly, stabbed by Aaftab near Aminabad Inter College at around 7.15p.m. Both the victim and accused are butchers and knew each other for past several years. Aaftab is a resident of Chikmandi in Maulviganj. Akram was rushed to Balrampur hospital where he was declared brought dead by doctors. Till late night on Thursday, the accused was absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16958880", "title": "Car crash leaves Ustad Faiyaz injured, wife dead", "text": "HUBLI: Sarangi exponent Ustad Faiyaz Khan sustained injuries in the leg and his wife died in a road accident near Harihar in Davanagere district on Thursday.The deceased is 39-year-old Parveen Banu.According to Faiyaz Khan's son Sarfaraaz, six people, including three children, were travelling in a Maruti Swift Dzire which overturned near Anagawadi Cross around 12.30pm. The injured have been admitted to a hospital in Davanagere.Khan was returning from Bangalore to hometown Dharwad for the Bakrid. Ustad Khan is the only artist in Karnataka who has continued the tradition of Sarangi. His family's music lineage spans eight generations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16960770", "title": "Three-parent embryos signal a new future", "text": "LONDON: In a breakthrough, scientists have for the first time created embryos using human eggs that contain DNA from three parents, paving way to prevent 'designer' babies from inheriting rare genetic diseases.Researchers from the Oregon Health and Science University in the US fertilized eggs containing DNA from two women to grow them into healthy embryos in a lab experiment . The technique, designed for women with mutations in tiny structures known as mitochondria, can result in a range of devastating conditions including muscular dystrophy , The Telegraph reported.It involves taking chromosomes from the mother's egg, which carry 99.8% of her DNA, and placing them in a donor egg which has healthy mitochondria but has had its own chromosomes removed.The eggs were fertilized by sperm and almost half developed into healthy embryos.The resulting children inherited 99.8% of their DNA from their parents and a tiny fraction from the donor.The DNA from the second woman amounts to less than 1% of the embryo's genes, and it isn't the sort that makes a child look like Mom or Dad.Researchers claimed that half of the embryos developed abnormally, but identified improvements in their technique which could improve its success rate.The technique has already stirred a debate over its risks and ethics in the UK, where scientists did similar work a few years ago.A team from Newcastle University successfully demonstrated a technique where the mother's DNA is transferred after the egg is fertilized and not before.The Human Fertilization and Embryology Authority is now consulting on a change in the law which would allow the creation of IVF babies using either technique.The Oregon researchers reported that tests of their technique on rhesus monkeys had shown it could create healthy offspring, but added that there were fewer issues with the quality of embryos in humans.\"In the current study, about half the manipulated eggs failed to fertilize properly , and consequently these gave abnormal embryos,\" professor Robin Lovell-Badge , of the MRC National Institute for Medical Research, said. The current study findings are published in the journal Nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16963245", "title": "MSRTC plans 135 additional buses to Pune during Diwali", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has planned additional 135 bus trips to Pune to clear the rush during Diwali, besides planning additional trips to various destinations in north Maharashtra as well.During Diwali, Nashik is expected to see heavy influx of the citizens from Mumbai and Pune. \"While people coming from Mumbai have the option of trains, those coming from Pune have no such option, so maximum number of buses will be plied on this route. As of now we have planned an additional 135 buses that will ply during three days,\" divisional controller of MSRTC, Kailas Deshmukh said.The MSRTC will ply 50 additional buses from Pune to Nashik on November 9, 60 buses on November 10 and 25 buses on November 11. \"Since the festivities will begin on Tuesday in the third week of November, the crowds are likely to push into the city from Friday itself and hence we have planned accordingly,\" the official added. Similarly, 25 additional buses will ply on November 14, 60 buses on November 15 (Bhaubeej) and 25 buses on November 16.The corporation will also add to services to northern parts of the state, where movement of citizens is high during the festive season. The depot is planning to run up to ten additional buses on the routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16961888", "title": "Indian Institute of Science makes it to elite league", "text": "BANGALORE: The 103-year-old Indian Institute of Science (IISc) is the only Indian institution to figure in the Global Employability List 2012. The Bangalore-based research institution , which first made it to the list in 2011, has moved up from 134 to 35.The list, which includes top-notch institutions like Harvard, Yale, Cambridge, Oxford, Stanford, MIT, Columbia , Princeton, Imperial College of London and Goethe-University , Frankfurt , in its top 10, was done in collaboration with French consulting firm Emerging and German institute Trendence , which specializes in recruitment. \"Employers are always looking for strong skill sets from employees. Since researchers and doctoral students have strong technical skills in specialized areas, they are much sought after by employers,\" IISc director P Balaram, said on Thursday.\"The strength of IISc lies in its ability to recruit talented faculty and bright students from all over the country . Heterogeneity has always helped the institution in its quest for new and fresh ideas. Our students, who are brilliant , are easily employable after they complete their course,\" he said. Interestingly, Asian universities , particularly Chinese , are creating an eco-system to foster academic excellence \u2014 Peking University is one among four mainland Chinese varsities in the top 100.Times ViewThe Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore must be congratulated for not only staying on this elite list, but actually jumping nearly a hundred places up the ranking. At the same time, we must worry about why no other Indian university makes it to the top 150 in the world in terms of the employability of their graduates. In contrast, for instance, China has four. Clearly, much more needs to be done, both in terms of investments in higher education and ensuring that the investment is well-utilised if we are not to miss the bus. Our huge population can be an asset if it is provided the right skills, if not it can become a huge problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16960858", "title": "Son fire-fights for father, leader for party chief", "text": "SHIMLA: Coming to the defense of his beleaguered father and HP Congress chief Virbhadra Singh, Vikramaditya broke his silence on Thursday, saying the charges of money laundering leveled by the BJP were mere allegations and that they have complete faith in the law of the land and were open for investigation by any authority.\"We will fight it out legally in the court of law, and politically in the people's court, as we are sure that the people of Himachal are the best judge and will give a befitting reply to (chief minister) Prem Kumar Dhumal and his aides on November 4,\" he said.BJP is doing what it is best at, Vikramaditya added. \"Seeing the massive turnout and public support to PCC chief Virbhadra Singh and the entire Congress Party for the ensuing assembly polls, they have now started conspiring and using cheap tactics to malign the image of the state Congress leadership,\" he said.Rubbishing the allegations leveled by BJP leaders against his father, he said they were baseless and the very timing and the way they were being made one after another at the peak of election campaign shows that \"they (BJP leaders) are avoiding issue-based\" campaign. \"It further strengthens my belief that these personal attacks are a desperate last minute attempt to cover their (BJP leaders') own failures and overshadow the wrongs done by them against the people of Himachal and selling their interest to outsiders, literally putting 'Himachal on Sale',\" he said.\"What astonishes me most is that these allegations are coming from a party whose national president, Nitin Gadkari , is himself embroiled in a slew of serious corruption cases involving his firms, Purti Power and Sugar limited, and he still holds office,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16959816", "title": "Flying start for junior Indian shuttlers in World Badminton Championships", "text": "NAGPUR: India got off to a flying start in the BWF World Junior (U-19) Badminton Championships which got underway at Chiba, Japan on Thursday.India recorded two victories to advance into the next round of the mixed team championships. India will take on formidable Thailand in their third and last league match on Friday, which will decide the Group W2 winner. Thailand too entered the next round with two fluent wins.India thrashed Finland 5-0 in their opening encounter thanks to a brilliant performance by Andhra Pradesh pair G Ruthvika Shivani and T Hemanagendra Babu. Ruthvika won both her singles as well as mixed doubles with Babu. Earlier Babu combined well with B Venkatesh to win the boys doubles.Doubles specialist Babu continued his good show in the match against Bulgaria too, which India won 3-2. Babu-Ruthvika rallied back superbly to beat Stefan Garev-Gabriela Stoeva 20-22, 21-9, 21-16 in the mixed doubles. Later, Babu and Venkatesh won their boys doubles to give India an unbeatable 3-1 lead.Mumbai teenager Harsheel Dani overcame mid-match slump to down Vladimir Shishkov 21-15, 21-23, 21-8 in his maiden appearance in the world juniors.RESULTSIndia bt Finland 5-0 (Rohit Yadav bt Iikka Heino 21-19, 20-22, 21-19; G Ruthvika Shivani bt Anna Paavola 21-4, 21-17; T Hemanagendra Babu-B Venkatesh bt Kalle Koljonen-Joonas Korhonen 21-19, 16-21, 21-11; J Meghana-K Maneesha bt Mathilda Lindholm-Jenny Nystrom 15-21, 21-16, 21-18; T Hemanagendra Babu-G Ruthvika Shivani bt Joonas Korhonen-Jenny Nystrom 12-21, 21-18, 21-15).India bt Bulgaria 3-2 (T Hemanagendra Babu-G Ruthvika Shivani bt Stefan Garev-Gabriela Stoeva 20-22, 21-9, 21-16; Harsheel Dani bt Vladimir Shishkov 21-15, 21-23, 21-8; G Ruthvika Shivani lost to Stefani Stoeva 17-21, 11-21; T Hemanagendra Babu-B Venkatesh bt Vladimir Shishkov-Stefan Garev 21-10, 21-16; K Maneesha-J Meghana lost to Stefani Stoeva-Gabriela Stoeva 11-21, 13-21).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16965189", "title": "Wildlife experts for strong intelligence network to curb rhino poaching", "text": "GUWAHATI: Wildlife crime experts said a strong intelligence network has become imperative to curb poaching in Assam's rhino-bearing areas, including Kaziranga national park, where 13 rhinos were killed recently.Other than Kaziranga, Rajiv Gandhi Orang National Park and Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary are the two important rhino-bearing areas. Manas National Park has also become a rhino-bearing area after 22 rhinos were translocated since 2008.\"There exists intelligence gathering system and many a time park officials were able to foil poaching attempts in different rhino-bearing areas. But the recent spate of killings has only made it imperative that the existing intelligence gathering system is strengthened further,\" an expert engaged in tracking and documentation of wildlife crime across the country said.He added that strengthening the intelligence network of the forest department entails involvement of multiple agencies, including police, paramilitary forces and the army.\"Also there are broad guidelines for cooperation between forest department and multiple agencies in exchanging intelligence inputs on wildlife crime. What is needed now is to make it more efficient system of dissemination and exchange of intelligence inputs,\" he added.Many experts pointed out that one of the major lacunae in curbing wildlife crime is that intelligence gathering is not yet institutionalized in the forest department. In the absence of institutionalized form of intelligence gathering, all sources of collecting inputs are confined to individual forest officials.\"As there is no institutionalized form of intelligence gathering in the forest department, officials cultivates there own sources of informants only in their individual capacity. When an official is transferred to some other place, the sources and channels of information also go with the official. This would not happen once the system is institutionalized,\" the expert said.Assam principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife) Suresh Chand said, \"We are taking all possible anticipatory, as well as reactive measures, but it is impossible to anticipate every incident. Further, the forest department can't succeed alone. We need support of all government departments, local villagers, civil society, NGOs and other stakeholders,\" said Chand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16962967", "title": "Bail for 59 Ganesh mandal members get bailget bail", "text": "PUNE: Fifty nine members of two Ganesh mandals, arrested for attacking policemen and home guards on immersion day, were granted bail by the district and sessions court on Thursday.The members, including Saswad municipal councillor Pramod Jagtap, were released on a personal bond of Rs 15,000 each with one or two sureties of the like amount.The court directed them to give attendance at the Saswad police station every Saturday between 11am and 2pm till further order and warned them against tampering with the evidence.On the immersion day on September 29, members of two mandals entered into a fight and attacked two policemen and three home guards who intervened.Police had arrested 42 activists, who were later sent to judicial custody at the Yerawada central jail, while 17 others, who were on the run fearing arrest, had moved court seeking anticipatory bail.Arguing for the members, advocate Milind Pawar said the FIR was silent about the role played by the members. He alleged that police have implicated them in the case. The prosecution opposed the bail pleas saying the accused were involved in a serious offence.Additional sessions judge N P Dhote granted bail to 42 members and confirmed the anticipatory bail pleas of 17 others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16963616", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar to miss Indian GP this time", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Veteran cricketer Sachin Tendulkar , who waved the chequered flag at the inaugural Indian Grand Prix, will miss the second edition of the Formula One race to play a Ranji match for his Mumbai team.It has been learnt that Tendulkar, who is a motorsports enthusiast, decided to prefer practising with the team in Mumbai than coming for the F1 race.Tendulkar, who is going through a lean patch, is scheduled to play the first match of the new season against Railways in Mumbai on November 2.It will be after a gap of three years that the senior batsman will play a Ranji match for his state side.The organisers have invited sports minister Ajay Maken to wave the chequered flag this time although they have not got the confirmation from him as yet.It has also been learnt that Yuvraj Singh , who has made a comeback after recovering from a rare germ cell cancer, will attend the high profile race at the Buddh International Circuit on Sunday.Tennis star Sania Mirza and her Pakistani cricketer husband Shoaib Malik will also be in the stands as Sahara guests.Bollywood actors Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha will also be there to get a taste of the high speed action and promote their upcoming film 'Son of Sardar'.Also there would be Sri Lankan cricketer Kumar Sangakkara .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963453", "title": "Sanchez may have split with Eva to focus on career", "text": "Even though Mark Sanchez was \"really upset\" about his break up with Eva Longoria and tried everything he could to make her happy, the real problem was because the NFL star is very focused on his career while the actress is a busy businesswoman, it has been revealed .According to TMZ.com , the pair split because Sanchez was down in the dumps over a less than stellar football season.\"Mark was impossible for Eva to be around because he was in such a crappy mood over the NY Jets' horrible season,\" the New York Post quoted the gossip site as saying.\"It's hard to maintain a relationship when one person is upset all the time,\" a source said.Sanchez's rep insists the split was amicable, saying, \"it was really more about scheduling . . . they will remain close friends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962881", "title": "Wardhane reviews Starbus service", "text": "NAGPUR: Municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane on Thursday directed the city bus operator to provide good services to commuters. Presently, NMC's Nagpur Mahanagar Parivahan Limited (NMPL) is under pressure to do something about the serious overcrowding in city buses.Wardhane, who visited Starbus depots and service stations in the city, clarified that commuters plight cannot be explained away by the lack of buses or its lack of maintenance and repair works.Presently, many buses plying on Amravati road, Hingna road and Kamptee road carry 60 to 70 passengers, though the actual seating capacity of a city bus is 44 persons. On these routes, passengers literally hang outside the doors.Meanwhile, mayor Anil Sole has directed municipal commissioner Shyam Wardhane to provide 7% dearness allowance to NMC employees before Diwali. Employees are entitled to get 7% DA according to a resolution approved in January this year and are still awaiting the hike in their salaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964013", "title": "Kidman had to be 'coaxed' into sex in 'Eyes Wide Shut'", "text": "Nicole Kidman has opened up about her role in Stanley Kubrick's final film, Eyes Wide Shut, in which she starred opposite her then-husband Tom Cruise .In an article for The Hollywood Reporter , Kidman says she had to be 'coaxed' into doing the kinky sex scenes with Cruise.\"Stanley had to coax me into some of the sexuality in the film in the beginning, but we shot things that were a lot more extreme that didn't end up in the movie,\" she told the publication.Nicole - now a mother of two with husband Keith Urban - reveals how Kubrick manipulated them into using their marriage to spice up the controversial film.She concedes he effectively failed in getting them to do so - saying while they realised that was his intention, the characters they played were 'not really us'.However, the actress says that she never felt Kubrick's attempt was 'exploitive or unintelligent'.Kidman wrote: \"He [Kubrick] was very different with women than he was with men. He has daughters, so he was very paternal with me.\"Explaining how Kubrick tried to base the characters, Alice and Bill Harford, on her marriage to Cruise, she explained: \"Onscreen, the husband and wife are at odds, and Stanley wanted to use our marriage as a supposed reality.\"That was Stanley: He used the movie as provocation, pretending it was our sex life. Which we weren't oblivious to, but obviously it wasn't us.\"We both decided to dedicate ourselves to a great filmmaker and artist,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16960629", "title": "Eid round the corner, 35,000 goats steal the show at Sadar Bazar market", "text": "GURGAON: Preparations of Eid-ul-Zuha are on in full swing in the old city. With the festival round the corner, the goat market in Sadar Bazar area was bustling with activity on Thursday.The main attraction was a pair of special goats costing around Rs 35,000 this year. Their seller, Haroon, is planning to take them to Delhi on Friday, if they are not sold, and expects to earn one or two thousand rupees more.The seller said that a sacrificial lamb, called Dumma in local jargon, was also available at a cost of around Rs 50,000 till Wednesday. However, the lamb was taken to the Delhi market in absence of any taker.A wakf board employee said every year goat market was set up behind the Sadar Bazar mosque. Sellers from Mewat and adjoining areas come here to sell goats. As Delhi is nearby, a majority of people go there, but this market has its own importance. Around 250 goats are sold here every year,\" he added.Haroon said the price of a goat is very subjective and depends on its beauty and weight. His pair of goats, one white and the other black, weigh around 60kg together.The goat market has something for everyone. Those who cannot afford pay a huge sum can buy a goat for even Rs 7,000-8000. However, a majority of the goats were sold at around %Rs 10,000.Jaan Mohammad, imam of Sadar Bazar mosque, said, \"The festival will be celebrated on October 27. Devotees mainly go to Eidgah mosque at Rajiv Chowk to offer prayers, while others come here.\"Every year the number of devotees offering prayer at Rajiv Chowk is going up. Around 70,000 devotees are expected to offer namaz at Eidgah mosque at Rajiv Chowk. The worshippers are accommodated in the mosque and the nearby road of the Gurgaon-Delhi expressway.A traffic diversion will be put in place just before Rajiv Chowk from Sector 38. The traffic is diverted through Subhash Chowk, Bakhtawar Chowk to Hero Honda Chowk from the Delhi side. Traffic coming from Jaipur also follows the same route after getting diverted from Hero Honda Chowk. This diversion generally remains in place from 7am to noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965735", "title": "Vizhinjam resorts to come under lens", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has decided to initiate an inquiry to find whether the resorts opposing the Vizhinjam international seaport project have themselves violated the rules while setting up their business in the area.Ports minister K Babu said here on Thursday that the government would direct the environment department to find if the hotels and resorts have violated any of the Coastal Regulation Zone regulations. He was speaking to reporters after a meeting with district LDF leaders here to discuss the progress of the project.\"It was the land owned by poor fishermen that have been taken over by the resorts by hook or crook. The concerns of a few hotels and resorts cannot be taken at face value while envisaging a dream project like the Vizhinjam project,\" the minister said. \"If the hotels seek compensation, the government will consider it,\" he added.He alleged that it was the same lobby which was behind the complaints that were made to the International Finance Corporation (IFC) Ombudsman. \"The rules of the IFC Ombudsman are not applicable to the state. We follow Government of India rules, the EIA (environmental impact assessment) notification of 2006,\" he said.Attempting to allay all speculations regarding the speedy implementation of the Vizhinjam project, the minister claimed that the government was well on track as far as the project was concerned.\"We had got the necessary clearance from the Centre for conducting an environmental impact assessment. Following this, a 14-month long study was conducted. The study was conducted in three phases -- pre-monsoon, monsoon and post-monsoon. The study will be published soon and a public hearing will be held a month later,\" the minister said.He said that the land acquisition for the project has almost been completed and the Centre has given the necessary approval for the rail link. \"All steps for water and power supplies for the project has been taken. Ninety per cent of the land acquisition has been completed. The land for setting up the railway line will be acquired soon as the necessary approval has been received from the Railways,\" he said. The minister also said that the 100 acres needed for building the warehouse will be made available soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16962782", "title": "Pyarimohan Mohapatra writes to Naveen", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dissident BJD leader Pyarimohan Mohapatra on Thursday accused chief minister Naveen Patnaik of 'misusing' the police and engaging in 'unscrupulous' and 'undemocratic' actions to disrupt the newly launched Odisha Jan Morcha's (OJM) maiden rally here on October 28.\"Internal party differences which have arisen on the questions of ideology, principles and leadership should not be allowed to be settled through illegal actions of goons and administrative interference and that, too, at the behest of the chief minister-cum-home minister,\" Pyari said in a letter addressed to Naveen. No comment was forthcoming from the CM.Naveen suspended Pyari from the BJD on June 1, days after the latter allegedly made an unsuccessful coup bid against him. Pyari has since not accepted the suspension, claiming Naveen has lost the right to be BJD president as he \"violated the party constitution\".\"You have already misused the police enough by keeping my house surrounded for the last seven months and tapping my phones illegally through the administration. You may kindly realize that there are limits to such unscrupulous and undemocratic actions by the state machinery,\" Pyari added in his letter, which was released to the media.Referring to OJM's proposed rally at Lower PMG here on Sunday, Pyari, in his capacity as the morcha chairman, alleged that Naveen had asked BJD legislators to prevent people from participating in the event. \"Your call to the BJD MLAs to stop people from their constituencies from attending the rally as reported in the media has created a situation by now, in which threats, intimidation, illegal restraint and plans for obstructing vehicular movement are being bandied about to stop the supporters of OJM from reaching the venue of the rally,\" the Rajya Sabha member alleged.Pyari, who has said OJM is a movement to reform and cleanse BJD of all unconstitutional and undesirable forces, warned Naveen of a possible law and order situation during the proposed rally. \"If sufficient numbers of people are able to reach the rally, in spite of these evil designs, plans are afoot to create serious disturbances and law and order situations in and around the venue of the rally,\" Pyari said, noting the CM was constitutionally bound to maintain law and order.Pyari, who was Naveen's key advisor and considered the 'second power centre' in BJD since the regional party came to power in 2000, requested the CM to direct the police to ensure that OJM's rally passes off peacefully and to act against all disruptive elements irrespective of their political and administrative status.Citing \"mass requisitioning of vehicles of all types by RTO and MVI in Cuttack district\" as an example of the administration colluding with 'obstructive forces' to sabotage the rally, Pyari urged Naveen to instruct the administrative machinery to ensure smooth movement of people coming to the rally by keeping road and rail routes free from obstructions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16958980", "title": "ONGC have task at hand against Prayag", "text": "NEW DELHI: Big spenders Prayag United are favourites in their I-League third round tie against ONGC at the Ambedkar Stadium here on Friday. Both teams had practice sessions at the ground on Thursday and expressed satisfaction with the ground conditions.Prayag United, who have won both their earlier matches, are playing their first away game and coach Sanjoy Sen is keen to maintain the winning streak. Lethal striker Ranti Martins, who joined Prayag this season, is expected to lead the attack along with Mohd. Rafiq.Sen said, \"Ranti is a model professional and encourages youngsters and is a total teamman.\" Ranti, who has already scored a hat-trick, against Air India, has developed a fine combination with ace playmaker Carlos Hernandez , who played the 2006 World Cup for Costa Rica. Prayag also have an abundance of riches in midfield. S Malsawmtlunga is likely to start on the right while K Asif, who has also joined the team this season, is likely to play as defensive midfielder. Vineeth, another recruit fromKerala, will play on the left flank. Promising midfielders Lal Kamal Bhowmick and Lester Fernandez are likely to be on the benches.Defender Gourmangi Singh and goalkeeper Subrata Pal , who have won the Nehru Cup with India twice at this venue, will be in action for Prayag. ONGC will rely on ex-international midfielder Jatin Bisht to win the midfield battle. Coach Subrata Bhattacharya (Jr) will rely on Japanese recruit Yusa Katsumi and Sachin Gawas to create attacks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16965123", "title": "Textile workers move out early for Diwali celebrations", "text": "SURAT: Even as the textile industry is yet to announce the Diwali vacation, the migrant workers have already started moving out of the city to celebrate the festival with their family members.Industry sources said that about 10 per cent of the workforce has already left for their native places in different states after the weaving sector curtailed the production of polyester fabrics due to dwindling demand of polyester fabrics including saris and dress material in the key consuming centres across the country. The weavers have been running their units in single shifts and most of them are operating only five days a week to cut down on the production of polyester fabrics.The textile industry employs about seven lakh workers, mostly migrant workers from the states like Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha, Maharashtra, etc. In the last couple of years, about 1.5 lakh workers have permanently shifted to their native places account of MNREGA and other sources of employment in their villages.Yogesh Mehra, founder president, Pandesara Weavers Cooperative Society Limited told TOI, \"The textile industry, particularly the weaving sector, is experiencing 25 per cent labour shortage. More than 80 per cent of the units in Pandesara are facing severe shortage of workers\"Industry sources said that there is a practice of settling the wage accounts including Diwali bonus of the textile workers a fortnight in advance. However, most of the weaving, dyeing and texturising units paid the wages and Diwali bonus to the workers on October 22 this time.\"The migrant workers have received their wages and Diwali bonus. They are moving out early to spend quality time with their family and friends. Out of 60 workers in my unit, 20 have already left for their hometowns in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh,\" said Ramesh Gilitwala, a weaver from Udhna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16958934", "title": "Fight until you become unique: APJ Abdul Kalam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam on Thursday during his visit to Lucknow Christian Degree College, which is celebrating its 150th anniversary, inaugurated the three-day intercollegiate seminar \"Techno quest '12\" and the sesquicentennial celebrations.Citing examples of Srinivasa Ramanujan, Sir CV Raman, Dr Vikram Sarabhai, Varghese Kurien and Jamshedji Tata, he said, \"Every youth wants to be unique, that is, YOU! But the world all around you is doing its best, day and night, to make you just like everybody else. The challenge, my young friends, is that you have to fight the hardest battle and never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place - that is a UNIQUE YOU!\"He suggested the students and teachers to select a rural complex consisting of nearly 50 villages and transform that complex into a dynamic, economically viable, ethically rich PURA (Providing Urban Amenities in Rural Areas) complex and this PURA complex be named as LCDC PURA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16963202", "title": "House break-in at Kathe Galli", "text": "NASHIK: Jewellery and a laptop, altogether worth Rs 72,050, were stolen in a house break-in at Raghuraj Bungalow, Bankar Mala, Kathe Galli, between Sunday afternoon and Wednesday morning.According to the resident- Rajendra Bagul (50)\u2014 he had locked the house on Sunday and when he returned on Wednesday, valuables were missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16960513", "title": "Budding theatre persons from across country to perform in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Children and other young theatre persons from across the country will participate in the 12th all-India dance &amp; drama competition which is to begin in Gurgaon on Saturday. More than 600 children from different states, including Orissa, Bihar, Maharashtra, West Bengal, Chhattisgarh and Manipur will take part in the five-day event.Different teams will perform traditional dances of various states and one-act plays at the event organized by Nishtha Sanskritik Manch, an NGO working to promote the different cultures and traditions of the country, at Rotary Public School, Sector 23, Gurgaon. The organizers hold a press conference on Wednesday here.\"The number of participants increasedeach year and we have been organizing this event for the last 11 years. Participants from all over the country will present their talent in this 12th mega event. We have got confirmation from 13 states as Manipur, Orissa, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Bihar, Punjab, Uttaranchal, Himachal Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Karnataka, Maharashtra and West Bengal and seeking confirmation of many other states.In this event around 20 one-act plays will be performed by the professional and amateur artists who gave their best after coming here from different states. This five-day art jamboree is regular event in Gurgaon. The participants coming from far-off cities are giving a tough competition to each other,\" said Professor Sanjay Bhasin, president of Nistha Sanskritik Manch.\"The mega event will be inaugurated by Sukhbeer Kataria, state minister, and we will arrange food and accommodation in MM Senior Secondary School, Sector 4. We have also arranged buses to pick up and drop off the artists,\" said Sumer Tanwar, general secretary of Nistha Sanskritik Manch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "shanghai", "code": "16964045", "title": "Jeev, Bhullar gear up for HSBC Champions", "text": "SHANGHAI: Rising Indian golfer Gaganjeet Bhullar and his idol Jeev Milkha Singh will spearhead the country's challenge at the WGC-HSBC Champions in China next week.The duo are the only Indians in the seven million dollars event at the Mission Hills Golf Club's Olazabal course in Shenzhen from November 1-4.Current Asia number one Thaworn Wiratchant and former champions Jeev and Thongchai Jaidee will be the star Asian Tour players in the field.A total of eight Asian Tour players -- Jbe Kruger of South Africa, Japan's Masanori Kobayashi, Bhullar, American rookie David Lipsky , Bangladeshi Siddikur and Thailand's Prom Meesawat and Thaworn -- qualified for the event via the Asian Tour's Order of Merit.Thongchai, the only Asian tour player to win three Order of Merit crowns, earned his place in the elite field by virtue of winning the Wales Open in June while Jeev, Asia's number one in 2006 and 2008, booked his spot after winning the Scottish Open.Australian Marcus Fraser , second on the Merit list, will also feature in the final World Golf Championships event of the year.Jeev is enjoying some of his best golf in recent times after staying injury free for most of the season. He became the first Indian to win the Scottish Open, winning a play-off against Francesco Molinari.\"If you do the right stuff, good things will happen. That's what happened. I was working harder. The most important thing is that when a player is injury free, you can work harder. It gives you more confidence,\" said Jeev.Title holder Martin Kaymer of Germany, the man who scored the winning point in the Ryder Cup last month, will headline a stellar field along with nine of his teammates including world number four Lee Westwood , fifth-ranked Justin Rose and Ian Poulter .Masters Tournament winner Bubba Watson , two-time HSBC Champions winner Phil Mickelson and Open champion Ernie Els will also figure at Mission Hills.Since the tournament's inauguration in 2005, YE Yang of Korea has been the only Asian to win the HSBC Champions but with the current form of the Asian Tour stars, hopes will be running high for another winner to emerge from the Asian Tour.The 45-year-old Thaworn is the man in form. Despite his advanced age, the evergreen Thai has claimed three titles this season to rocket to top spot on the Order of Merit. He also holds the most Asian Tour wins with 15 titles, two ahead of Thongchai.Thaworn finished tied eighth in the inaugural HSBC Champions in 2005, the year he became Asia's number one. He said age has not slowed him down in his search for more silverware.\"As I'm older now, I can concentrate better in my game. I'm not getting angry about the things around me. I've got more experience. As I'm older, why do I need to get angry? If I get mad, I won't make a score. So I've changed and it's good for my game,\" said Thaworn.Although Thongchai now trails Thaworn in the most wins category, the former enjoyed a career milestone by winning his first title on European soil in June. He believes the Welsh win, along with Jeev's triumph in Scotland in July, has reiterated the strength of Asian golf.\"In golf, you'll never know who will win,\" said Thongchai. \"Sometimes, if it's your week, if you don't make mistakes, you will have a chance.\"Lipsky and Kobayashi will make their debuts in a World Golf Championships event after enjoying spectacular rookie seasons on the Asian Tour.They graduated from Qualifying School in January and went on to win a tournament each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "16959837", "title": "Faridabad woman killed husband, mom-in-law", "text": "FARIDABAD: A woman has been convicted for murdering her mother-in-law and husband for the insurance claim. Nisha (30) was successful in passing off her mother-in-law's murder as an accident, but her father-in-law got suspicious after his son's death.Nisha is a resident of Sector-23, Faridabad and worked as an insurance agent in a private company. Greed for a lavish lifestyle and an extra-marital affair prompted Nisha to murder her mother-in-law Angoori Devi on September 13, 2009 with the help of her lover Manish (19) and an accomplice, Shyam Sunder. Police suspected no foulplay in Devi's death.Nisha had made a policy of Rs 50 lakh on Devi and had nominated herself as the beneficiary. Her husband, Arvind, came to attend his mother's last rites when she got a policy of Rs 30 lakh made in his name. Arvind was killed on October 10 by Nisha, Manish and their two accomplices, Shyam and Murli. The murder could have passed off as accident but Nisha's father-in-law got suspicious. The case was transferred to crime department and all four, Nisha, Manish, Shyam and Murli, were held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16963857", "title": "Dalits reside on fringes of Karnataka villages, claims a Mangalore University study", "text": "MANGALORE: A good 65 years after Independence, there is spatial isolation or exclusion of dalits in the villages and village spatial structure has not changed in India. Villages in Karnataka state clearly provide this picture, according to a Mangalore University study.The results of the study show that that in most of the villages in Karnataka, the dalit families are located at margin of the village or completely isolated from the main village.This queasy finding is mentioned in executive summary report of  Indian Council of Social Science Research s tudy titled Di scrimination and Social Exclusion: A study on the development experience of Dalits in Karnataka, carried out by Centre for Study of Social Exclusion and Inclusive Policy (CSEIP) of Mangalore University.Only 4.2% of dalit houses are located in the middle of the villages, the study reveals.The remaining dalit families' houses are at the village margin. While entering a village if one finds dalit families in the beginning, it does not mean these families are located at the very beginning, for every village has more than one entry point as they get connected with other nearby villages by road. Overall, 95% of dalit families in the 'study villages' are located at margin of the village .Across sub caste wise spatial exclusion in villages of Karnataka, nearly 5.9%of Holeya/Adi Karnataka caste households are in the middle of villages and living in between other touchable castes there. In the case of Madiga/Adi Dravida, it is only 2.3%, Bhovi/Lambani 3.6% and others 5.8%. The spatial distance and living at the either end of the villages is common for dalit communities in the villages.A total of 2425 rural households have been covered from five sample districts of Karnataka for this study.About 42.4% of household respondents are females and 57.6 are males in the study area. Most dalit families are nuclear families in Karnataka and joint family tradition is disappearing. Results shows that 86.2% of households are nuclear families and only 13.8% of them are joint families in selected villages.Only in some villages, some households from dalit communities are able to live closer by upper caste households. Vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy told TOI that the full report of the study carried out by CSEIP will be released towards the end of December. \"We intend to invite Sukhadeo Thorat, Chairman, ICSSR, who during his tenure as head of UGC sanctioned funds to the university to carry out this research project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16958381", "title": "Kalam urges students to make villages self-reliant", "text": "LUCKNOW: Former President APJ Abdul Kalam on Thursday during his visit to Lucknow Christian Degree College, which is celebrating its 150th anniversary, inaugurated the three-day intercollegiate seminar \"Techno quest '12\" and the sesquicentennial celebrations. Kalam said the Lucknow Christian College has orbited the Sun 150 times as it takes one year to orbit the Sun once.Citing examples of Srinivasa Ramanujan, Sir CV Raman, Dr Vikram Sarabhai, Varghese Kurien and Jamshedji Tata, he said, \"Every youth wants to be unique, that is, YOU! But the world all around you is doing its best, day and night, to make you just like everybody else. The challenge, my young friends , is that you have to fight the hardest battle and never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place - that is a UNIQUE YOU!\"He suggested the students and teachers of Lucknow Christian Degree College to select a rural complex consisting of nearly 50 villages with a population of around one lakh in the neighbourhood of the college and transform that complex into a dynamic, economically viable, ethically rich PURA (Providing Urban Amenities in Rural Areas) complex and this PURA complex be named as LCDC PURA. Kalam said students should put a question to themselves, \"What I will be remembered for?\" The answer will definitely lead to the right path.The teachers at the college, however, were surprised when Kalam reached the premise 40 minutes before the programme was slated to begin and wanted the proceedings to start. Also, he asked for a huge chair kept on the dais for him to be replaced with a smaller one, calling it \"the chair of bade saheb\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16963159", "title": "Google Nexus 4 specifications with Android 4.2 leaked online", "text": "LONDON: Details of Google's new flagship Nexus 4 smartphone have apparently been leaked by the UK's largest independent mobile phone retailer.Carphone Warehouse's website briefly displayed a listing offering the LG Nexus 4 on contract from 31pounds per month on O2 or Vodafone from 30 October.The device is expected to be the centrepiece of a Google event in New York on Monday, 29 October, when the firm is also expected to update its Nexus 7 Android tablet, The Telegraph reports.Carphone Warehouse's page, which has now been removed, said the Nexus 4 will have a 4.7-inch screen with density of 320 pixels per inch.The handset was listed as measuring 68.7 by 133.9 by 9.1 millimetres, apparently thicker than its Apple rival's 7.6 millimetres.According to the paper, the 'leaked' listing offers a version of the Nexus 4 with only 8GB of storage, though earlier leaks have suggested there will be a version with at least 16GB too.The Nexus 4 is expected to run an updated version of the current version of Android 4.1, Jelly Bean, rather than the next full-blown release, 4.2, codenamed Key Lime Pie, the report added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959316", "title": "Lodha not involved in realty row: Abhishek Lodha", "text": "MUMBAI: The dispute over a property in Kalachowkie has nothing to do with developer and BJP leader Mangal Prabhat Lodha, said Abhishek Lodha on Thursday.TOI on October 25 had reported about a police complaint in the realty row.He told this paper that \"There is a larger property which is about eight acres which is owned by a company called Esque Finmark Pvt Ltd, which is part of M/s Rohan Lifescapes.\"Lodha said of this \"a portion about three acres has been purchased by a company called Krona Realty Pvt Ltd in 2010 which was subsequently taken over by us, in 2012.\" He clarified,\" The dispute is in relation to the arrangement between Rohan Lifescapes and some people who had purchased flats from them\u2014the dispute is related to the balance portion of the property, not acquired by us.\"He added that these people had placed advertisements in newspapers early October claiming that they had rights over the entire property.\"Against this, we approached the Bombay HC which restrained these claimants from making any claims in relation to our property.\" Lodha said, \"M P Lodha is neither a director or shareholder of Krona or Esque and has not been involved in this dispute in any manner. The name of a leading public figure ought not to have been dragged in a matter like this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960255", "title": "Pawar, wife owned 2,000 shares worth 3 lakh in IRB", "text": "NEW DELHI: While IRB Group's links to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari have been established, evidence is emerging of its formal ties to other political figures. According to filings by Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar with the Prime Minister, the Maratha strongman and his wife held 2,000 shares of IRB Infrastructure as of March 31, 2011. Together, it was worth over Rs 3 lakh.Pawar had filed details of his assets with the Prime Minister as part of the government's transparency moves, and the filings are available on the PMO's website.On March 31, 2011, Pawar had 1,000 shares of IRB Infrastructure. Each of these shares were valued at Rs 161.55, presumably the market rate at the time of preparing the statement, and was valued at a total of Rs 1,61,550.Pratibha Pawar, his wife, held another 1,000 shares of IRB Infrastructure as of March 31, 2011. This too was valued at Rs 1,61,550. While the 2,000 shares do not signify any management control or influence in the company, the formal association is more symbolic than anything else.IRB Group has had a dizzying growth over the last two decades. During the time when Gadkari was the PWD minister of Maharashtra, IRB won over Rs 60 crore worth of contracts. Later, when the Congress-NCP combine was ruling Maharashtra, IRB won several contracts including one for toll collection on the Mumbai-Pune expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964207", "title": "Nithiin\u2019s GJG progressing briskly", "text": "Actor Nithiin's new film Gunde Jaari Gallanthayyinde (GJG) is progressing briskly in Hyderabad. The unit has commenced its 2nd schedule of shooting where debutante director Vijay is filming comic scenes between Nithiin and Ali, and the schedule will be wrapped by November 11.Nithya Menen, who shared screen space with Nithiin in the hit film Ishq, is once again paired opposite the actor. Isha Talwar, who made her debut with Malayalam film Thattathin Marayathu, will be seen in the second lead role. Nikitha Reddy is producing the film under Sresth Movies while Vikram Goud presents it. Anup Rubens is providing the soundtrack and Andrew is handling the cinematography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "16962733", "title": "Red bandh hits traffic in Rayagada", "text": "KORAPUT: Traffic was hit at several Maoist-hit pockets of Rayagada district on Thursday owing to a 24-hour bandh called by the Red rebels.The Kashipur-Niyamgiri area committee (KNAC) of the extremists had called the bandh demanding withdrawal of central forces from the area. Red rebels had put up posters and banners at several places in the district protesting against the recent hike in diesel price and the Centre's decision to allow FDI in retail.Sources said public transport was totally paralyzed between Rayagadaand Kalyansinghpur as the Maoists had blocked a road near Krishnapatraguda by felling trees. While government-run buses plying between Bhubaneswar and Koraput via Rayagada remained off road, buses did not ply to Chandrapur, which is considered a Maoists hotbed, and to Muniguda from Rayagada. Bus service to Narayanpatna in Koraput district from Rayagada was also suspended.Police said no violence had been reported and forces were kept on high alert to avert any eventuality. \"Extra forces have been deployed at strategic locations and a high alert has been declared,\" said Rayagada SP Rajesh Pandit.Meanwhile, the KNAC sent letters to a few media persons in Rayagada on Wednesday asking at least 12 contractors and traders of the area to attend a praja court (people's court) to be organized by the Maoists reportedly for their anti-people activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "16960771", "title": "Rs 1.37 looted from Petrol pump employee", "text": "AMBALA: Four unidentified men escaped after looting Rs 1.37 lakh from an employee of a petrol pump in Saha township, on Wednesday night.The incident took place when Sukhwinder, the salesman was on the way to manager's house to deposit the day's collection as bank was closed due to holiday on Dussehra. As Sukhwinder left petrol station at 10pm, the miscreants followed him.\"Initially two persons hit me hard with an iron rod. Then they dragged me to some distance. I fell unconscious and gained consciousness after somebody poured water on me. The bag containing cash was missing,'' said Sukhwinder who is undergoing treatment at civil hospitalInspector Jai Parkash Dahiya, SHO of Saha police station informed to have started the investigations after registering the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16965104", "title": "Rs 1.20 lakh looted from Olpad house", "text": "SURAT: Cash and valuables worth Rs 1.20 lakh were looted from the residence of Mahesh Patel in Sonla Khara village of Olpad taluka on Thursday. The loot was allegedly carried out by a gang of 10 members.In her complaint, Dhanu Patel (37) claimed that the family was sleeping in their house located in Navapara Faliya of the village when they heard a door latch being broken. Before the family members could react, the accused entered the house after breaking the latch. They had their faces covered with cloth.The accused were carrying pipes and axes. They threatened to kill the family members, if they raised an alarm.They looted cash and jewellery from the cupboard and also forced the women in the house to remove their ornaments and hand them over.The police took the help of dog squad and fingerprint experts in the preliminary investigations. Senior police officials visited the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963256", "title": "Rakesh Kumar busy with Pyar Kono Khel Nahi", "text": "Producer and director of many Bhojpuri albums Rakesh Kumar is is busy with his next big venture 'Pyar Kono Khel Nahi'. The shoot of the film is progressing in Chapra, Siwan and Gopalganj. Khesari is paired for the first time with Neha Shri in the movie.The film is basically a love story with lots of action. The entire starcast is very happy with the way the film has shaped up and they have claimed that the movie would give a new pace to the industry.Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16963519", "title": "Nullah rehabilitation policy finalised", "text": "JAIPUR: The much-awaited special rehabilitation policy for the affected house owners of Amanishah Nullah was finalised by the state government on Friday. The policy draws separate rules for the Below Poverty Lines (BPL) and Above Poverty Lines (ABL) families, which have houses constructed in the catchment areas of the nullah. The policy has provisions of allotting land and financial assistance along with shifting facilities for replacement. The constructions at the nullah are to be demolished following a recent high court directive.The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) has been appointed as nodal agency for implementation of the policy. According to reports, the JDA has proposed rehabilitation for Jotrdawala and Saypur villages in zone- 8, Aachrawala village in zone-11 and Mundiya purohitan village in zone-12. Principal secretary (UDH) G S Sandhu, after a meeting of department officials presided over by the chief secretary, said the policy would be presented in the high court.An official said 30 square meter plots will be allotted to (BPL) families and 50 square meter plots to the (APL) families. After the JDA conducts a survey, the eligible families will have to formally apply for rehabilitation.According to the draft rehabilitation policy, the JDA on its identified land will provide 30 square meter plots to the BPL families free of cost. A financial assistance of Rs 55,000 will be provided to the house owners under the recently launched chief minister urban BPL housing scheme. \"If BPL house owners do not want the plot, an option of a flat constructed under affordable housing scheme will be provided. The BPL allottee will have to pay cost of the flat in 20 installments and Rs 55,000 will be deducted from the actual cost. They have to pay Rs 850 rupees per square feet,'' an official said.APL families have to pay 10% of the reserve price of the area for 50 square meter plot. Option will be given to the owners to take 325 square metre flat in the economic weaker section (EWS) category and 500 square meter flat in lower income group (LIG) category in the affordable housing scheme at the same rate of Rs 850 per square feet. An official informed that allotment will be done by a lottery system. Moreover, the state government has also decided to provide rent for accommodation of the affected house owners. The policy has a provision of Rs 1,500 per month for six months as assistance to house owners and tenants in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16963373", "title": "3 die of swine flu in Jamnagar", "text": "RAJKOT: Three persons, including two women, died due to swine flu in Jamnagar on Thursday, raising hackles of the health authorities.According to sources, Ramiben, 25, a resident of Bakdi village in Kalyanpur taluka of the district and Noor Jahan, 25, a resident of Gandhinagar Railway station in Jamangar, succumbed to the deadly virus in GG Hospital.Noor Jahan was admitted on Sunday with severe cough and high fever. \"She tested positive on Monday and died today,\" said Dr Pranav Vaidya, health officer at Jamnagar Municipal Corporation.Late on Thursday evening, a youth Jignesh Nimavat, 25, also succumbed at the hospital. He was a resident of Gulabnagar area in Jamangar.Nimavat was also hospitalized with symptoms of swine flu and later tested positive.With three more deaths, at least seven people have died due to swine flu in Saurashtra and Kutch region in the last three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960792", "title": "Formula One 'buzz' hides deadly sting!", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trying to avoid first corner accidents would be far from the minds of the Formula 1 drivers this weekend. It's dengue that they would want to avoid.The travelling F1 circus that has rolled into Delhi and the NCR for the Indian Grand Prix is worried, like last time, about 'Delhi belly' and the mad traffic, but mosquitoes are very high on the list this time.At the team hotels in Mayur Vihar, where the McLaren and Williams teams are staying, mosquitoes seem to have settled in quite nicely. As you enter the hotels a swarm of mosquitoes greets you. On Wednesday, the McLaren team members could be seen constantly slapping their arms and scratching themselves even as the hotel staff - moving around with racquetshaped mosquito zappers - tried its best to ward off the buzzing evil.In fact, Jenson Button , the 2009 Formula 1 champion and No. 6 in the standings now, managed to swat one during an interaction with TOI, and exclaimed \"Oh I got that mozzie\", leading to much laughter around him. But it would be no laughing matter if he or any one of the 24 drivers was to get dengue or any such infection.There have been over 720 reported cases of the vectorborne infection in the city and a concerned Delhi government on Tuesday had asked municipal bodies to carry out fogging exercise across the city and take urgent steps to contain mosquito breeding.The F1 team hotels are in an uneasy spot, since they have a stagnant nalla - a fertile breeding ground for mosquitoes - right behind the complex.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965847", "title": "Pranab to address Assembly on October 30", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: President Pranab Mukherjee will address the state Assembly on Tuesday (Oct 30). He will also inaugurate the green Assembly complex project, meant to convert the Assembly complex into an eco-friendly campus.Mukherjee would be third president to address the Kerala Assembly. The Assembly had in 1997 accorded an official welcome to the then President K R Narayanan at the Old Assembly Complex. The second President to address the Assembly was APJ Abdul Kalam, in 2005, said speaker G Karthikeyan.As part of the green complex project, the state's biggest rainwater reservoir with a storage capacity of 15 lakh litre would be set up, the speaker said.Karthikeyan added that the construction of a 400kv solar power plant has already begun. A biogas plant has been established at the MLA hostel and the process for setting up a plastic waste recycle has also begun. The MLA hostel would also get a solar water heater, the speaker said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16965411", "title": "Ferrari's support for Italian naval guards kicks up diplomatic row", "text": "NEW DELHI: Formula One team Ferrari's decision to carry the seal of Italian navy in the Indian Grand Prix as a mark of support for the Italian naval guards held here is leading on to another diplomatic spat between the two nations.Reflecting New Delhi's unhappiness, official spokesperson in the ministry of external affairs Syed Akbaruddin said, \"using sporting events to promote cause which are not of a sporting nature is not in keeping with the spirit of sports.\"While Indian officials said that the gesture was not in the right spirit, Italian foreign minister Giulio Terzi has complimented Ferrari for the move.\"This shows that the entire country stands behind the marines\" said Terzi.Terzi had recently said that he was astounded by the \"dithering\" of the Indian judiciary in the case.Announcing their decision to race with the flag of the Italian navy on their cars at this weekend's Indian Grand Prix, a Ferrari team official on Thursday said, \"First of all, we just wanted to pay tribute to all the Italian Navy which is one of the excellences of Italy and it's just a sign of hope that a solution can be found about the case that involves two Italian sailors.\"Ferrari had created a flutter by announcing on their official website that it will show its support for Italian sailors by racing with military symbols on its cars' livery at the second edition of the Indian GP, to be held at the Buddh International Circuit from October 26-28.The two naval guards Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone on board the Italian ship 'Enrica Lexie', are accused of killing Indian fishermen off the coast of Kerala. While a chargesheet has been filed against them by the local cops, Italy has approached the Supreme Court saying that Indian authorities have no jurisdiction in the matter.They were detained on February 19 and were sent to Central Prison in Thiruvananthpuram. Later on, they were granted bail in June but on the condition that they must remain in Indian territory.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959325", "title": "Three parking lot assistants nabbed in Rs 45 lakh Marine Drive robbery", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) on Thursday arrested three parking lot attendants for Tuesday's Rs 45 lakh robbery at Marine Drive. The police have recovered Rs 38.50 lakh from the three.Acting on a tip-off that a gang involved in illegal weapons was likely to assemble at Wadi Bunder area, the Kalachowkie unit of the ATS, led by inspector Dinesh Kadam, laid a trap and arrested the three\u2014Mohammed Qurban Raja alias Mubarak Shaikh (22), Mritunja Narayan alias Mithun (31) and Sayyed Ali Abdul Kadar (32).Four weapons\u2014one 9mm pistol, a .32 revolver, an 8mm hand gun and a toy gun that was used in the robbery\u2014were recovered from the three. The three accused have been remanded in police custody under Arms Act till October 30, the police are still looking for one more accused, who is believed to have the remaining Rs 6.50 lakh.\"All the accused work as parking lot attendants with a private firm in Wadi Bunder. We have just arrested them and are interrogating them to know whether any insider had tipped them off about the cash being ferried in the taxi and from where and for what did they buy this unlicensed weapons,\" said ATS chief Rakesh Maria. On how the ATS landed up arresting the robbers, Maria said that his team was working purely on the information received on illegal weapons.Preliminary investigations have revealed that Mubarak Shaikh was the gang leader who hatched the conspiracy. The police are now trying to figure out whether any of the accused has criminal background and how long had they been working as parking lot assistants, said investigating officer Ninad Sawant. The police will now go through the CCTV footage from the areas near crime spot.On Tuesday, around 10.30am, Madhukar Bhagne (45) and Ratnesh Rai (27),both employed with the NIBR Bullion Pvt Ltd, hired a cab from Hotel Surti, near their office in Mittal Court Building. Bhagne and Rai were on their way to deposit Rs 45 lakh cash and a few cheques at a Saraswat Bank branch in Marine Lines. The taxi in which Bhagne and Rai were travelling was stopped on the Meghdoot flyover diversion at Marine Lines by four men on motorcycles. The accused then snatched the bag containing the cash at gunpoint. The robbers also took away the taxi keys to ensure that the victims do not chase them. The accused had covered their faces with handkerchief. Bhagne and Rai returned to their office and reported the matter. Initially, cops suspected the victims as there were discrepancies in their statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963684", "title": "Easter Island\u2019s statues may have walked into place", "text": "Easter Island's massive stone statues once walked, according to a controversial new theory that explains how the megaliths were put into place.Nearly 1,000 statues stand on the remote Polynesian island's 63 square miles, but much about their origin and the people who built them remains a mystery , the Daily Mail reported.With the largest weighing 74 tons and standing nearly 33ft tall, few of the mysteries are more perplexing than how the megaliths - known as moai - were moved miles into place from the quarries where they were hewn.Previous studies have suggested that the people who settled Easter Island some 800 years ago, known as the Rapa Nui, laid the statues prone and rolled them into place using logs.Rhe island has since been highlighted as a warning of the dangers of overexploitation, with the theory being that the Rapa Nui eradicated the island's forests to serve their obsession with statue building.However, a new study has now suggested that Easter Island's statue builders 'walked' the moai into place by rocking them from side to side rather like you would move a refrigerator into the corner of your kitchen.Carl Lipo, an archaeologist at California State University , Long Beach , claims that the archaeological record does not support the overexploitation hypothesis.On the other hand, he says incomplete statues littered across the island tend to support the idea they were rocked into position, Nature reported.According to Lipo, these incomplete statues lean forward in a posture that doesn't seem to lend itself to horizontal transport.He contends that broken moai along roads, which were presumably dropped and abandoned, also point to their being transported across the island vertically.Professor Lipo and Terry Hunt, an archaeologist at the University of Hawaii in Honolulu , tested the hypothesis with a life-size concrete model of one of the statues.The large stone statues, or moai, for which Easter Island is world-famous, were carved from 1100-1680AD, according to carbon dating.A total of 887 monolithic stone statues have been inventoried on the island and in museum collections so far.Although often identified as 'Easter Island heads', the statues have torsos, most of them ending at the top of the thighs. A small number are complete, with the figures kneeling with their hands over their stomachs.They were carved out of distinctive, compressed, easily worked solidified volcanic ash or tuff found at a single site inside the extinct volcano Rano Raraku.Only a quarter of the statues were installed, while nearly half remained in the quarry at Rano Raraku and the rest sat elsewhere, probably on their way to final locations.The largest moai ever raised on a platform is known as 'Paro'. It weighs 82 tons and is 32.15ft long.Enlisting the help of an 18-strong team, they managed to get a 10ft statue walking by pulling it side to side with three hemp ropes - one tied to the back to stop it dropping face-first and two on either side.In under an hour the team were able to get the replica moai to travel 100m and based on their findings Professor Lipo suggested a small number of part-time workers could efficiently transport the statues, questioning the traditionally held scenario that Easter Island's population ballooned and later crashed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958670", "title": "Sun TV buys IPL's Hyderabad franchise for Rs 425 crore", "text": "MUMBAI: The city of pearls will continue to have its own Indian Premier League franchise. Chennai-based media and television group Sun TV Network , owned by the powerful and politically savvy Kalanithi Maran , bought the (IPL) Hyderabad franchise in an auction, on Thursday, for Rs 425 crore (approx $80m), payable in the next five years at Rs 85.5 crore (approx $16m) per year.Sun TV's bid was one of the only two offers that came in for Hyderabad on Thursday, when the IPL Governing Council met in Mumbai to open the bids after floating a tender for 12 cities early this month. Hyderabad-based PVP Ventures , promoted by Prasad V Potluri, was the other bidder at Rs 69.03 crore (approx $13m), Rs 16 crore less than what Sun bid for the team.Noida-based Jaypee Group were in race to bid for a franchise and had requested the BCCI to allow the team to be based out of Kanpur until a stadium could be constructed in Noida in due time, if they won. However, Jaypee's bid did not come in.The bids for the new franchise had been invited by the BCCI through a tender floated early this month for 12 cities that included Ahmedabad, Cuttack, Dharamsala, Indore, Kanpur, Kochi, Nagpur, Noida, Rajkot, Ranchi and Visakhapatnam, other than Hyderabad.Sun Network will now replace the debt-ridden Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) in Hyderabad, parent company of the franchise Deccan Chargers, which was terminated by the BCCI for delaying player payments and mortgaging the franchise with private banks, against the rules of the IPL. Sun paid the BCCI an immediate signing deposit of Rs 20 crore after winning the bid in Thursday's auction.DCHL had bought the Chargers in 2008, IPL's first ever franchise auction, for a handsome price of $107m (Rs 421 crore), payable at $10.7m (Rs 42.01 crore) per year over a period of 10 years.Until IPL 5, DCHL had finished paying the BCCI $53.5m (Rs 210.05 crore) and an exact amount was remaining to be paid before the franchise fell into financially troubled waters.This means, Sun is paying almost the double of what the Chargers were going to pay the BCCI in the next five years as instalments for buying the franchise. However, it certainly does not mean anything positive to the overall valuation of IPL, in terms of franchise costs.In 2010, when the BCCI had held the auction, the Sahara group bid a whopping $370m (approx Rs 1700 crore) for Pune, and a consortium of investors bid $333.5m (approx Rs 1300 crore) for Kochi, payable over a period of 10 years.If those prices are considered, Sun buying Hyderabad for just Rs 425 crore (valuated at Rs 850 crore for 10 years) can only be termed a steal and a sharp fall in valuation.Sun was speculated to be in the running to buy the Deccan franchise when DCHL had first floated a tender, under the aegis of the BCCI in September, stating its intent to sell the team.However, despite the speculation, Sun did not turn up at the auction and maintained throughout that they weren't interested in bidding for an IPL team. PVP Ventures, who bid Rs 69.03 crore per year for the Hyderabad franchise on Thursday, were the only interested buyers who turned up to bid for Chargers back then.The winning price, quoted by Sun, is being termed as a \"steal\" within the IPL fraternity, who despite having bought the franchise in 2008, are still paying similar money as installments for some of the teams.A BCCI press release on Thursday said: \"Sun TV Network has won the Hyderabad franchise for an amount of Rs 85.05 crore per year. This franchise fee represents a premium of over a 100 % above the amount paid by DCHL for the Hyderabad franchise in 2008.\"Media reports quoted Sun Group CFO SL Narayanan as saying that \"going forward the company will retain a lot of existing talent in Hyderabad franchise. The IPL team will create shareholder value from 2014.\"The BCCI had floated a tender for a new IPL franchise after terminating Deccan Chargers on September 15.However, DCHL had challenged it in the Bombay high court first where the plea was dismissed after they failed to furnish a bank guarantee of Rs 100 crore. DCHL later approached the Supreme Court where once again their plea was dismissed.Sun shines on BCCI's IPL fortuneSahara paid 170 crore a year for Pune Warriors for 10 years, Kochi Tuskers was bought for 153cr a year and Sun is paying 85 crore a year (at 425cr for 5 years). Deccan Chargers were obliged to pay BCCI 210cr at 42cr a year for the next 5 years.First BCCI franchise auction (2008)Mumbai Indians 441cr (Reliance Industries); Royal Challengers Bangalore 440cr (UB Group); Deccan Chargers 421cr (DCH Ltd); Chennai Super Kings 360cr (India Cements); Delhi Daredevils 330cr (GMR Group); Kings XI Punjab 300cr (Preity Zinta, Ness Wadia, Dabur); Kolkata Knight Riders 295.6cr (Red Chillies Entertainment); Rajasthan Royals 263.7cr (Emerging Media Group)Second franchise auction (2010)Pune Warriors 1,702cr (Sahara Group); Kochi Tuskers Kerala 1,533cr (Rendezvous Sports Pvt Ltd)What happens to DC players?Their contracts with Deccan Chargers last until 2013, or IPL 6. Sun will choose the players it wants. BCCI will take a call on the rest. Current set could be sent to BCCI's fresh players' auction pool in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965682", "title": "Bus driver attacked", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A private bus driver sustained injuries on Thursday after he was chased down and attacked by two unidentified assailants. Suresh (32), the driver of the bus 'Sijo' was attacked near Mannammoola near Peroorkada.Peroorkada police said that the attack was carried out by two bike-borne youths. They chased the speeding bus and blocked it at Mannammoola. They then pulled out Suresh of the bus and attacked him. Suresh suffered injuries on head. The assailants fled the scene immediately, added the police. Suresh has been admitted to the Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh/new delhi", "code": "16959414", "title": "Jaspal Bhatti was a Kejriwal of comedy", "text": "CHANDIGARH/NEW DELHI: Jaspal Bhatti, who used comedy to campaign against corruption and brought socially-aware and politically-conscious satire to thousands of drawing rooms through television, died in a car crash on Thursday. He was 57.The accident took place when Bhatti's car, driven by his son Jasraj, smashed into a tree near Shahkot, about 45 km from Jalandhar around 1 am. Bhatti sr was sitting on the rear seat and suffered head injury which proved fatal. Jasraj and the film's heroine Surilee -- sister of Vicky Donor heroine Yami Gautam -- who were in the front seat received minor injuries. \"There was a turn on the road and the car hit the tree on the other side. Either Jasraj did not notice the turn or slept off,\" Shahkot deputy superintendent of police MS Bhullar told TOI after meeting Jasraj at a Ludhiana hospital.Bhatti and company were coming back from Bathinda where they, in the humorist's inimitable style, had \"worshipped\" a thermal energy plant to \"seek blessings\" for the success of his venture, Power Cut, which was to premiere on Friday. The Amritsar-born actor-director had named his hero \"Current\" and the female lead \"Bijli.\"For millions who grew up watching Doordarshan in the late 1980s, Bhatti was always intelligent fun. He didn't need big money to create meaningful and memorable comedy on the plight of the common man. Cult programmes such as Ulta Pulta and Flop Show --- that irreverent comic capsule often used as fillers in those pre-satellite tv days -- were made on G-string budgets and relied heavily on his crackling wit and deadpan dialogue delivery.From the professor who exploits his PhD student to the crooked telephone mechanic who manufactures inflated bills -- Bhatti spared none. But he focussed mainly on critiquing the system and those who, he felt, were primarily responsible for the rot - the bureaucrat and the politician. In a sense, he was the Kejriwal of comedy: relentlessly crusading against corruption through street plays, television shows and, occasionally, cinema.He was also a master in the art of capturing media attention: he created a God (devta) of Corruption, buried 'dead' telephones, prepared a Save the Corrupt Bill and demanded the Right to Scam be turned into a fundamental right.Yet Bhatti's comedy was never directed against any particular individuals. His satire was seldom bitter or biting. It had warmth and lightness of touch -- yet it never failed to drive the point home. In all of them, the master comedian seemed to be suggesting that the system is so rotten that only humour can save us from going insane. Probably that's why even the bureaucrat-heavy DD cleared them.He acted in about 20 Hindi films and had a decent role of an immigrant in the RK banner's Aa Ab Laut Chalein. He also acted in Fanaa (2006) - Do you remember Jolly Good Singh? - and, more recently, in Pankaj Kapoor's Mausam (2011). But Bollywood never warmed up to him nor gave him the platform to display his flair for socially relevant comedy. He was far more comfortable in his own Punjabi films such as Mahaul Theek Hai (1999), where he played a corrupt police officer.A classmate of Bhatti at Punjab Engineering College (PEC) in Chandigarh recalled how, in their 1978 batch souvenir, Bhatti had described himself as the \"JP of the college\". He never severed his ties with theatre and regularly staged street plays on social issues at Chandigarh's famous Sector-17 plaza.But the sardar of satire will be remembered for his television shows that can be seen for free on video broadcasting websites. Revisiting his cult television serial, Flop Show, is like going through the nation's old social register. Installing a landline at home no longer pleasures the neighbours more than the owner as he once did in one of its episodes, but his observations on misuse of government machinery by bureaucrats, callousness of doctors in government hospitals remain as relevant as ever.His acting ensemble invariably included his wife Savita and Vivek Shauq, the talented comic who went to make a name for himself in Hindi films (Gadar and 36 China Town) before dying of septicemia in 2010.Bhatti is survived by his wife, son and daughter, Raabiya. He was cremated in Chandigarh on Thursday evening, after his son was released from the hospital in Ludhiana. The news of Bhatti's death was broken to him only after he reached Chandigarh and was taken to the cremation ground in a wheelchair.Among other things found in the car after the accident were three handmade fans, which the actor-director used to promote the film symbolizing the common man's plight when there is no power. A people's comedian to the very end!(With inputs from IP Singh in Jalandhar, Vaivasvat Venkat in Ludhiana and Neha Miglani and Kamini Mehta in Chandigarh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16962980", "title": "Study on burden of dengue on economy", "text": "PUNE: How much financial loss does the dengue infection cause to the country? To get to the answer, Pune-based National Institute of Virology (NIV) has undertaken a disease burden study. The objective is to create a model for defining the cost of dengue fever treatment. The model developed will then be applied to setting up a multi-centric study which will provide the health authorities of India with information on how much loss dengue causes to the country.\"This is a first-of-its-kind study and is to be carried out with KEM Hospital's unit in Vadu in Pune district. This will only contribute to defining disease burden in a small set up. The model developed will then be applied to setting up a multi-centric study to find out how much loss dengue causes to the country,\" said senior scientist Cecilia Dayaraj, head, dengue group, NIV.A national policy on prevention and treatment can be framed once the data is presented on how the illness affects the patient financially and what is the cost burden on the government.Dengue symptoms are high grade fever with rashes, headache and a dip in platelet count, and if treated on time, the patient recovers in 10-15 days. If the case gets complicated the patient had to be admitted to the ICU and it is only after an entire month that the patient gets normal. This impacts his/her work and can also prove a financial burden.\"The cost burden on the patient and the government is what we want to study,\" said Dayaraj.Earlier, from 2005 onwards, NIV along with KEM Hospital, Pune, and YCMH, Pimpri, had carried out another study on dengue infection. \"The earlier study, carried out from 2005-2011, was not on disease burden. The six-year study was aimed at defining the pattern of dengue in Pune represented by the major clinics and hospitals in the city. It showed that the proportion of severe cases has decreased in the last two years indicating better patient management and increased awareness of dengue in the city. Besides, multiple dengue serotypes were circulating throughout, with the emergence of DENV-4 in 2009,\" Dayaraj said.Apart from three dengue deaths in Pune city in October this year, a total of 34 people have died of dengue fever in the state this year (between January and October 20). Among them, 16 dengue deaths were reported in October alone, said officials from the state health department. The state government has issued directives to authorities to take preventive steps to check the spread of dengue.\"From January to October 20 this year, 931 people were found positive for dengue. Among the 34 dengue deaths so far, the highest number of dengue deaths at seven were reported from Jalgaon alone,\" said Pradip Awate, state surveillance officer of state health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16965529", "title": "FI is apolitical, Bernie Ecclestone on Ferrari flag controversy", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Formula One CEO Bernie Ecclestone has distanced himself from the storm kicked up by Ferrari's decision to have the Italian navy's flag on its cars during the Indian Grand Prix, saying the national association should look into such \"political matters\".Ferrari has decided to carry the Italian navy's flag on its cars during practice for the race to show solidarity with the country's two navy marines who are facing trial here for shooting two Indian fishermen in the Indian Ocean.Asked to react on the matter, Ecclestone said the sport has nothing to do with any \"political\" issue.Ecclestone said as the supremo of the sport, he would leave such political matters on national associations, in India's case, the Federation of Motor Sports Club of India.\"What we'd do, we'd look at the national sporting authority (FMSCI) here to have a look at that...we are not political,\" Ecclestone said at the Buddh International Circuit on Friday when asked about Ferrari's decision.Ecclestone's statement came close on the heels of the Italian outfit's disclosure on its website that they would be paying tribute to the navy as \"one of the outstanding entities of our country\".Ferrari's statement added that the gesture was \"also in the hope that the Indian and Italian authorities will soon find a solution to the situation currently involving two sailors from the Italian Navy\".Meanwhile, Ecclestone seemed mighty impressed with the improved facilities of the BIC, which made its debut as a Formula One venue only last year.\"Superb, big, big improvement in everything, fantastic,\" was Ecclestone's reaction when asked about the BIC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh/new delhi", "code": "16960776", "title": "Sardar of satire leaves 'ulta pulta' world", "text": "Chandigarh/NEW DELHI: The original comedian of Indian TV, who brought comedy and satire in our lives long before sexed-up comic acts proliferated our drawing rooms, Jaspal Bhatti, 57, had his life snuffed out in an accident near Jalandhar while driving back to Chandigarh early on Thursday morning.The accident took place when Bhatti's car, driven by his son Jasraj, smashed into a tree near Shahkot, about 45 km from Jalandhar around 1 am. Bhatti sr was sitting on the rear seat and suffered head injury which proved fatal. Jasraj and the film's heroine Surilee -- sister of Vicky Donor heroine Yami Gautam -- who were in the front seat received minor injuries. \"There was a turn on the road and the car hit the tree on the other side. Either Jasraj did not notice the turn or slept off,\" Shahkot deputy superintendent of police MS Bhullar told TOI after meeting Jasraj at a Ludhiana hospital.Bhatti and company were coming back from Bathinda where they, in the humourist's inimitable style, had \"worshipped\" a thermal energy plant to \"seek blessings\" for the success of his venture, Power Cut, which was to premiere on Friday. The Amritsar-born actor-director had named his hero \" Current \" and the female lead \"Bijli.\"For millions who grew up watching Doordarshan in the late 1980s, Bhatti was always intelligent fun. He didn't need big money to create meaningful and memorable comedy on the plight of the common man. Cult programmes such as Ulta Pulta and Flop Show --- that irreverent comic capsule often used as fillers in those pre-satellite TV days -- were made on G-string budgets and relied heavily on his crackling wit and deadpan dialogue delivery.From the professor who exploits his PhD student to the crooked telephone mechanic who manufactures inflated bills -- Bhatti spared none. But he focussed mainly on critiquing the system and those who, he felt, were primarily responsible for the rot - the bureaucrat and the politician. In a sense, he was the Kejriwal of comedy: relentlessly crusading against corruption through street plays, television shows and, occasionally, cinema.He was also a master in the art of capturing media attention: he created a God (devta) of Corruption, buried 'dead' telephones, prepared a Save the Corrupt Bill and demanded the Right to Scam be turned into a fundamental right.Yet Bhatti's comedy was never directed against any particular individuals. His satire was seldom bitter or biting. It had warmth and lightness of touch -- yet it never failed to drive the point home. In all of them, the master comedian seemed to be suggesting that the system is so rotten that only humour can save us from going insane.Probably that's why even the bureaucrat-heavy DD cleared them.He acted in about 20 Hindi films and had a decent role of an immigrant in the RK banner's Aa Ab Laut Chalein. He also acted in Fanaa (2006) - Do you remember Jolly Good Singh? - and, more recently, in Pankaj Kapoor's Mausam (2011). But Bollywood never warmed up to him nor gave him the platform to display his flair for socially relevant comedy. He was far more comfortable in his own Punjabi films such as Mahaul Theek Hai (1999), where he played a corrupt police officer.A classmate of Bhatti at Punjab Engineering College (PEC) in Chandigarh recalled how, in their 1978 batch souvenir, Bhatti had described himself as the \"JP of the college\". He never severed his ties with theatre and regularly staged street plays on social issues at Chandigarh's famous Sector-17 plaza.But the sardar of satire will be remembered for his television shows that can be seen for free on video broadcasting websites. Revisiting his cult television serial, Flop Show, is like going through the nation's old social register. Installing a landline at home no longer pleasures the neighbours more than the owner as he once did in one of its episodes, but his observations on misuse of government machinery by bureaucrats, callousness of doctors in government hospitals remain as relevant as ever.His acting ensemble invariably included his wife Savita and Vivek Shauq, the talented comic who went to make a name for himself in Hindi films (Gadar and 36 China Town) before dying of septicemia in 2010.Bhatti is survived by his wife, son and daughter, Raabiya. He was cremated in Chandigarh on Thursday evening, after his son was released from the hospital in Ludhiana. The news of Bhatti's death was broken to him only after he reached Chandigarh and was taken to the cremation ground in a wheelchair.Among other things found in the car after the accident were three handmade fans, which the actor-director used to promote the film symbolizing the common man's plight when there is no power. A people's comedian to the very end!(With inputs from IP Singh in Jalandhar, Vaivasvat Venkat in Ludhiana and Neha Miglani and Kamini Mehta in Chandigarh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16964572", "title": "Obama becomes first US President to vote early", "text": "WASHINGTON: Barack Obama scripted history when he cast his ballot 12 days ahead of the November 6 polls, becoming the first sitting US President to vote early in the election described by him as an \"extremely tight\" race between him and his Republican rival Mitt Romney .Amidst his hectic electioneering schedule, 51-year-old Obama flew in from Richmond in Virginia to cast his vote at the Martin Luther King Community Center in his home town of Chicago on Thursday.As Obama entered the polling booth, he greeted everybody and said it is exciting to get to vote early.\"This is the first time a President's ever going to be early voting,\" he said. \"That's pretty exciting.\" After a woman election official asked for his driver's licence for identification purposes, he said: \"Oh, you're right\" and took out his driver's licence from his pocket. \"Now ignore the fact that there's no grey hair in that picture,\" he said in a lighter vein.Following this, the election official asked him a question about paperwork, something about whether it was the right form he had, according to a White House pool report.\"I assume it is,\" he replied. \"I hope so. If not, this will be really embarrassing.\" While waiting, he asked if they had been getting a lot of early voters and was told they were.\"It makes such a difference,\" he said. Then he remarked, \"I'm just glad I renewed my driver's license.\"According to the pool report, the woman, who took his licence, held it up and gave it the sort of skeptical examination a Transportation Security Administration (TSA) officer would.Obama laughed. \"Did you see that?\" he said, then mimicked her looking over the licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16965071", "title": "Udyami panchayat to focus on sugar industries", "text": "PATNA: The state government is to organize Udyami panchayat on October 29 to discuss sugarcane production and sugar industries in Bihar.Chief minister Nitish Kumar had said in July meet that Udyami panchayat would be held at regular intervals to discuss different industrial sectors. The October 29 meet would provide a platform to the entrepreneurs and owners of sugar industries to interact with the CM and sugarcane minister Awadhesh Prasad Kushwaha and give feedback to them about the issues concerning the growth and demand of the industries.The government initiative is important as this would help Bihar regain its past status of being the number one sugar-producing state after independence, Bihar Industries Association president KP S Keshri said.The framing of an ethanol policy to allow the sugar mills to produce 20% ethanol for blending 5% ethanol with petrol would be on the top of the agenda, said the secretary, Bihar Sugar Mills Association, Naresh Bhatt. He said the sugarcane minister, on December 9, 2011, had directed the sugar mill owners to raise the sugarcane price but it was difficult to do so due to the loss sustained by the sugar industry, he said.Bhatt said the government last year had waived purchase tax on sugarcane sale for a year and also allowed waiving of the 1.8% commission to the district zonal development committee on purchase of sugarcane to encourage the sugar mills to increase the sugarcane price in the interest of sugarcane growers. But the sugar mill owners were unable to do it due to loss.Bhatt said the state excise department, which controls fixing of price of rectified spirit, has allowed fixing of its rate only at Rs 24.50 per litre due to which the sugar mills that manufacture rectified spirit are suffering losses. He said in Uttar Pradesh, the rate of rectified spirit is fixed at Rs 34-36 per litre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16965518", "title": "Question mark on relevance of Shastra-puja", "text": "INDORE: Certain incidents that have occurred in Madhya Pradesh have put a question mark on the relevance of Shashtra-puja performed in Navratra, that too, without taking sufficient precaution.Recently, a 14-year-old boy Manoj Bhoi, son of Radheshyam Bhoi, sustained bullet injuries when a cop fired mistakenly. He was preparing his service revolver for the Shashtra-puja on the occasion of Vijay Dashmi in Pardeshpura police station.ASP Dilip Soni said that sub-inspector SD Sharma was cleaning his service revolver. He fired to check the weapon withput realizing there were bullets in it and shot the boy.Commenting over a similar incident taken place in 2009 in state capital, a Delhi-based activist Subhash Gatade made a valid point, \"What's religious about worshiping weapons?\" he wrote in an article published in a blog.He mentioned a similar incident in which one Naresh Motwani, a 50-year-old flour mill owner, who was an old activist of the RSS, was killed. The incident took place on September 28, 2009 in the campus of Saraswati Shishu Mandir, Kamala Nagar, Bhopal.Gatade wrote, \"In fact, his unfortunate death because of a shot fired from another pistol, while it was being cleaned and prepared for the Puja, was initially presented as 'suicide'. A senior RSS activist who was present during the cremation had no qualms in endorsing the cause of Motwani's death as told by his own colleagues. To save themselves from any further involvement in the case they even denied their presence at the spot of the death and also allowed the accused to flee from the spot with the weapon.\"According to thim, \"It is a different matter that closer media scrutiny and the pressure put by the deceased's family members to investigate the case brought forth the real story of his death. It was revealed that he was killed when another person (who was absconding since the death) was cleaning his pistol and forgot that the gun was loaded and 'inadvertently' shot the victim. Of course, as far as the family members of Naresh Motwani are concerned they have firmly rejected the accident theory and alleged that it was a case of cold-blooded murder.\"Questioning the entire development in last few years and the ritual, he said, \"Close watchers of the Shastra Puja know that earlier, only non-firearms were brought for the ritual. For the past few years, even firearms are being included. Disturbingly the police -which has enough sprinkling of majoritarian elements in it - and even media -which is called a 'watchdog of democracy'- also turns its blind eye to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16962487", "title": "Apple iPhone 5 coming on November 2, App Store adopts Rupee pricing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Apple iPhone 5 launch in India has been delayed by a week to November 2, the company on Friday started billing in Indian rupee on the App Store.The move will benefit the vast app developer community that sells on the App Store as well as the users who download paid applications and content from the company's online store.Apple iPad mini pre-orders beginThe billing so far was being done in US dollars. In comparison, Google Play Store has had INR pricing for long. Having a rupee pricing will definitely result in a big convenience for both buyers and sellers as there would be no dollar billing, making the purchase transactions easier and transparent.Mobile apps revenue has consistently risen for both companies. Even though Google Android based smart phones have cornered more than half the total sales worldwide, Apple still retains a lion's share in paid mobile app revenues and gets almost two-third of the total app revenue generated worldwide.Apple nets record $8.2bn profit on iPhone salesUntil now, Apple has paid $6.5 billion to developers selling their wares on the App Store and more than 35 billion apps have been downloaded since the online store opened in 2008, App Store currently offers over 7.5 lakh apps.Meanwhile, shipment delays have resulted in the iPhone 5's India launch date being pushed to next Friday i.e. Novermber 2 since Apple has a fetish for launching only on a Friday. When contacted, an Apple India spokesperson refused to comment.However, a November 2 launch is certain and the stock is expected to start arriving at the master distributors Redington India and Ingram Micro within next two to three days, sources said. Retailers are expected to start booking pre-orders within a day or two.Unable to open its own stores in India for direct retail due to unfavourable regulatory requirements and hampered by the high cost of distribution in the country, Apple has tweaked its retail strategy for the flagship product. Until the last time when iPhone 4S was launched, Apple had sold directly in India through its two carrier partners Airtel and Aircel.However, the company has this time appointed for iPhone 5 two of the largest IT distributors Redington and Ingram Micro through whom the iPhone 5 stock will be routed, including the retail operations of the two existing carrier partners. It already has a relationship with the two for distribution of iPads and iPods, besides HCL Infosystems .Since Apple sells only unlocked phones in India, other carriers and a host of other resellers too may be able to sell iPhone 5 now by directly buying in bulk from its master distributors.Technically speaking, if Apple does not control the end pricing, some retailers might sell iPhone 5 cheaper than others, leading to differential pricing of iPhone 5 in India. The Apple spokesperson remained tight-lipped on the matter when asked about this.More significantly, riding the vast distribution network of the two largest distributors, iPhone would become legally available practically across the country, definitely many more towns than just the large metropolitan cities.Already, almost all Indian carriers are ready with nano SIM cards to support iPhone 5.So far, Indian telecom carriers have steered clear from subsidising the handsets by bundling iPhone along with data plans, but without locked-in contractual plans. It means an unlocked iPhone is sold at full price after adding the taxes and import duties. This makes iPhone simply the costliest smartphone in a very price-sensitive country and leads to a thriving grey market.Incidentally, unlocked iPhone 5 is has been available in India unofficially for three to four weeks and retails between a whopping Rs 85,000 to 1.2 lakh. These handsets are illegally imported in to India from various markets like Singapore and UK where Apple had started selling unlocked iPhone 5 early even though unlocked iPhone 5 is yet to be launched in most other markets, including the US.Sources said iPhone 5 models are expected to be priced from between Rs 45,000 to Rs 61,000, unless Apple springs a big surprise by going in for an aggressive pricing.In comparison, an unlocked 16GB iPhone 5 model will be sold in US for $649 plus taxes translating to a tag much lower than Rs 40,000.At an astronomical price range between Rs 45,000-60,000 in India, how much sales volume Apple is able to notch up remains to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16961114", "title": "Ahmedabad to have 4,856 polling stations", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Ghatlodia is the largest assembly segment in the city, with 309 polling stations and 2.80 lakh voters. Ahmedabad collector Vijay Nehra on Thursday said that Ahmedabad district will have 4,856 polling stations in its 21 assembly constituencies. The second largest constituency with in the district will be Viramgam with 307 polling stations.Nehra said Bapunagar will be the smallest constituency with 168 polling stations. He added that the district at present has 7,934 ballot units and another 2,000 have been brought in from Uttar Pradesh for the election. He said the district also has 6,987 control units and another 900 have been brought from UP. This was to ensure that in case of an emergency, these units can easily replace faulty units.He further said that a meeting with senior leaders from all political parties was held on Thursday. The leaders were given a chart of various items used during the elections along with their price. The leaders were asked to send in suggestions. The price list was given so that when the candidate files his statement there will be no dispute. The list includes prices for mandaps, taxi fares, furniture like chairs and tables, printing charges for posters, banners and handbills, among others.These rates would be applicable from the day candidates file nominations.Nehra said the electronic voting machines (EVMs) which will be used in the elections would be 100% tamper-proof.\"We have, as per the instructions of Election Commission , adopted three levels of procedural mechanisms which will remove every possibility of rigging EVMs. Just before the elections begin, a mock round will be held in the presence of polling agents of all the candidates. About 50 votes would be polled and counted before the machines are sealed for the election. Votes polled during the mock round would be deleted,\" he said.Nehra said that about 50 complaints of violation of the election code of conduct have been received by the collectorate. Of these, a police complaint has been registered for circulating BJP scarves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16960597", "title": "Fishermen see scam in tsunami project", "text": "CHENNAI: Fishermen from Nochikuppam on Thursday submitted a petition to police commissioner S George, alleging they were victims of a scam in a tsunami housing project in which officials illegally allotted 292 houses meant for victims of the December 2004 catastrophe to various people for a price.They said officials implementing the project had taken money to give the houses to people who were not tsunami victims. They demanded a police probe into the scam and the arrest of the officials.The rehabilitation project initially involved the construction of 7,000 houses from Nochikuppam to Srinvaspuram, but it was not implemented as planned. The state ended up building only around 1,400 houses, of which 292 were illegally allotted, they said.South Indian Fishermen Welfare Association president K Bharathi said the land was handed over to the slum clearance board to build houses for tsunami-affected fishermen in Nochikuppam. \"The project was funded by the World Bank,\" he said. \"Nearly 1,452 houses were built and 628 were allotted to different recipients. We found that officials handed over 292 houses to fake applicants after taking money from them.\" Bharathi demanded the government to order a probe into the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16963688", "title": "Procedures need to be followed to recover mines money: CM", "text": "PANAJI: Referring to the demand for recovering the 35,000cr loss to the exchequer as mentioned in the Shah commission report, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said recovering is very simple but the question is how to recover the money. \"The moment I issue notices they will go to the court.\"\"It is very easy to write a report... even recovery of electricity bill takes 15 to 20 years because government has to follow procedure,\" Parrikar argued saying, \"Do you want that I should not follow procedure... I will do it... but court will pass a stay order... so I have to follow the procedure.\"Parrikar also stated, \"I have issued notices to mining companies and most of them have said that the Shah Commission is wrong. So I have to verify now,\" he said at a function held to commemorate the 64{+t}{+h} birth anniversary of former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha. Pointing out to the recovery of 35,000 crore, Parrikar said there is an important para following the figure, which says that necessary digital mapping will have to be done with the advice of experts to calculate the exact loss. Besides, there are more lacunae, he said adding that \"the story will come out\". tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16962938", "title": "PCMC to recover pending property tax", "text": "PUNE: The property tax department of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will intensify its drive to recover pending tax from defaulters who owe the corporation anything between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 5 lakh. The civic body hopes to collect at least Rs 125 crore from this exercise.Assistant commissioner and chief of the property tax department Shahji Pawar said, \"The department has collected a property tax of Rs 167 crore in the present financial year. The annual target is Rs 300 crore. We have decided to recover the dues from defaulters.\"The property tax department has started sending seizure notices. \"There are 290 property owners who have arrears of more than Rs 5 lakh each. They collectively owe Rs 146.41 crore to the PCMC. Notices have been sent to all property owners asking them to clear their dues within one month,\" Pawar said.Over 1,966 property owners have pending tax dues of over Rs 1 lakh each. They collectively owe Rs 28.77 crore to the PCMC.Pawar said they have formed seven squads to seize properties. Eight more squads will be formed soon to cover all the 15 zones in the city. There are around 3.5 lakh properties in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "keonjhar/berhampur", "code": "16962767", "title": "7 killed in accidents", "text": "KEONJHAR/BERHAMPUR: Seven persons were killed and several injured in separate road accidents in Keonjhar, Dhenkanal and Ganjam districts on Thursday.While three men, including two opera artistes died near Ukuchabeda village under Pandapada police limits in Keonjhar district, two men, including a minor boy lost their lives at Ganjam's Haladiapadar within Jorada police limits. Two bikers, who were returning from a Durga Puja pandal, met with tragic deaths after their two-wheeler rammed into a tree at Kamakshyanagar in Dhenkanal.In the Keonjhar mishap, the two artistes, going on a bike from Keonjhar to Cuttack, collided head-on with a tractor. The dead are Prasant Das (40) and Gadadhara Rout (50), artistes in Konark Opera, and the tractor driver Jayadev Dengulia (45) from Mayurbhanj, police said. Police sent the bodies for postmortem, said OIC of Pandapada police station, D Gidhi said.On the other hand, K Mohan Rao (12) and Abhimanyu Behera (42) died after the passenger bus they were travelling in skidded off the road at Haladiapadar. \"The driver lost balance, leading to the accident. Ten other passengers were injured,\" a police officer said. The bus was on its way to Digapahandi from Jorada when the accident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965594", "title": "Hijack drama: AI passengers appear before cops, jittery", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The six passengers who face charges of attempting to attack the pilot and cabin crew of Air India Express 4422 flight on October 19 appeared before the Valiathura police to give their statements. The police had summoned them on Thursday in connection with a case registered on the basis of a complaint filed by captain Rupali Waghmare, the pilot of the flight.The passengers Abdul Khader, Muhammed Ashraf, Thomas Joseph, Manoj Sivan, Rasheed and Augustine arrived at the police station around 11.30am. Valiathura assistant commissioner K S Vimal met them individually and recorded their statements. The process continued for over three hours.The passengers said that they were treated well by the police officials. However, they expressed anxiety over the course of the case. \"Though the CM has promised that no case would be registered against us, the developments so far have given us an impression that the police intended to a register a case,'' said Mohammed Ashraf, one of the passengers. Manoj Sivan, another passenger, too shared his concern over the way the police summoned them. \"We believe that the police targeted us after our faces appeared on the media,'' he said.\"According to the pilot's complaint, the accused were described as six passengers who could be identified on sight. But she never appeared before the police to identify the suspects. \"We regret not filing a complaint against the pilot,\" said Manoj.Meanwhile, the assistant commissioner said that the statement recording process was a mere routine procedure and no case will be filed against them.As the police were recording the statements of the passengers, Guruvayur MLA K V Abdul Khader staged a sit-in in front of the police station in protest against the police move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963907", "title": "Mohan Babu miffed with censor officer Dhanalakshmi", "text": "Veteran actor Mohan Babu is miffed with Regional Censor Board officer A Dhanalakshmi over pestering producers at the time of issuing the censor certificate. The former producer accused Dhanalakshmi of seeing the original Malayalam version of Telugu film Denikaina Ready without his permission. \"When I submitted my Telugu film to clear the censor she delayed the process, and moreover, she was watching the Malayalam version of the film, which is illegal,\" says Mohan Babu.The Malayalam version (Endhenum Ready) was supposed to hit the screens this Friday (October 26, 2012) but had to be postponed due to delay in obtaining the censor certificate. \"I came to know that Dhanalakshmi and her husband were involved in many corrupt cases and I cannot understand how come the government appoint someone, who can't read and understand Telugu, in this post\", he questions.The 'Collection King', who met the state DGP Dinesh Reddy over this issue, concludes that he's quite prepared to wage a lone battle over this issue but would appreciate if others can support him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962182", "title": "Talaash was a difficult film: Reema Kagti", "text": "I didn't get Aamir on board because Kiran is my friend, says Talaash director Reema Kagti in conversation with TOIIt's been six years since your last film Honeymoon Travels...I had stopped counting. But you certainly haven't (smiles). It was a forced sabbatical. I was working on a couple of other scripts apart from Talaash and things weren't working out. I was getting really frustrated.So who or what was the calming influence?Zoya and Farhan Akhtar and Ritesh Siddhwani from E x c e l Entertainment. They told me, ' Aisa hota hai . Hang in there' (pauses).Go on...We took the script to Aamir Khan . And I didn't think it would happen so soon (smiles). I was participating in a poker tournament in Goa. One day, I woke up at nearly 4pm having played the previous day till late. That's when I saw umpteen missed calls from Ritesh and Zoya. I was delighted.Expectedly, you lost the next game?I crashed out of the tournament in no time. I was so happy I wasn't able to focus. Ritesh had even fixed a meeting between Aamir and me but I couldn't reach in time. However, Aamir was gracious enough to send me a text saying, 'All the best for your tournament'.And then?I approached Rani Mukerji. She is very exacting but finally, she was convinced. Kareena too took her time before giving her nod.We hear Aamir pulled a lot of strings?I've known Aamir since the time I was an Assistant Director on Dil Chahta Hai and Lagaan. I wasn't heading into a situation where I would be working with a tyrant. Yes, he had inputs. But as a lead actor and producer, doesn't he have the right to contribute? Even Farhan had his share of contributions. That's how films are made. No filmmaker can ever say he has pulled off any of his works singularly. And Aamir's inputs were honing the film; they weren't something I couldn't deal with.But the film got delayed quite a bit...I couldn't just edit the film myself and release it. I had to show it to several people at several stages. That's how it works. And Talaash was a difficult film to edit. It made me sit long on the edit table.You made all your lead actors go under water?Aamir jumped into the lake right away but Rani developed cold feet. We had to make her use devices that would keep her afloat and not let her sink below the waist. Later though, she got it right. As for Kareena, she is a better swimmer than Rani and even Aamir.We hear Shah Rukh Khan was supposed to do Talaash...I don't want to discuss something that didn't work out. Some things work out, some don't (shrugs). Lets talk aboutw real issues pertaining to Talaash.Issues like?They want me to insert tickers in smoking scenes. Heroine was allowed as it had up to 40 minutes of smoking and so much cannot be cut. Tobacco and cigarettes are sold at every nook and corner. I myself am a smoker. The only way I will stop smoking is if you ban the activity in the country. Why can't they understand such a simple thing? Believe it or not, I called up the Censor Board to ask for the guidelines before I shot the smoking scenes and at that time, there was no 'ticker' rule. Anyway, it doesn't make sense... You can show rape but objections are raised over scenes depicting consensual sex. God...Finally, the inevitable question. Did you get Aamir on board easily just because you are Kiran Rao's friend?Yes, Kiran and I are very good friends. But I think it is known how Aamir works. He doesn't work the way you are hinting. I have answered your question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16961096", "title": "Faster growth not leading to fast poverty reduction: Study", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A recent study has taken strong exception to those who argue that Gujarat's poverty levels have gone down drastically, and the main reason for this is the \"economic model\" of chief minister Narendra Modi. Presented at a seminar sponsored by the Planning Commission of India, and slated to be part of a larger book on Gujarat growth story to be put out by the commission, the study, titled \"Is Gujarat Growth Inclusive?\", says that rate of reduction of poverty in Gujarat has been equal to all-India average, but Gujarat's ranking on incidence of poverty vis-a-vis other states has worsened, from 7th in 1993 to 9th in 2010.Prepared by Prof Indira Hirway of Centre for Development Alternatives (CFDA) Ahmedabad, the study, based on the well-accepted methodology used by the Tendulkar Committee to calculate poverty, agrees that between 2004 and 2010, the annual percentage point in the decline in poverty in Gujarat was 1.7, about the same as all-India average of 1.5. But it underlines, \"Several relatively slow growing states experienced much higher decline in poverty during this period.\"The Tendulkar methodology uses consumption expenditure data to calculate poverty. Not confining to spending for minimum calorie intake, it takes into account expenditure on food, education, health, electricity, clothing and footwear.Thus, in Gujarat the number of poor reduced from 31.6 to 23 per cent, a drop of 8.6 per cent. But in other states the drop was higher - by 13.4 per cent in Himachal Pradesh , 13.7 per cent in Maharashtra, 9.7 per cent in Karnataka, 11.9 per cent in Madhya Pradesh , 20.2 per cent in Orissa, 9.6 per cent in Rajasthan, 12.3 per cent in Tamil Nadu , and 14.7 per cent in Uttarakhand . \"This shows that the growth alone does not count for poverty reduction, and something more is needed to translate growth into poverty reduction,\" Prof Hirway argues.Interestingly, Prof Hirway observes that the urban areas, growing faster in Gujarat than other states, are witnessing a much slower poverty reduction. During 2004-10, urban poverty in Gujarat went down from 20.1 per cent to 17.9 per cent, a drop of just 2.2 per cent as against all-India's 4.6 per cent. A dozen states - Andhra Pradesh , Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Orissa, Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal - experienced a higher drop.Relying on National Sample Survey (NSS) data, Prof Hirway's view on urban poverty is shared by well-known pro-Modi economist Prof Bibek Debroy, who in his latest book, \"Gujarat: Governance for Growth and Development\", says that the slow reduction in urban poverty has led to total number of urban poor having gone up. \"Urban poverty figure was 4.3 million in 2004-05 and 4.5 million in 2009-10. While the percentage declined in urban Gujarat, the absolute number of below poverty line went up marginally,\" he admits, adding, poverty reduction in Gujarat is a largely rural phenomenon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960083", "title": "37 new dengue cases takes toll to 796, S Delhi worst affected", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi reported 37 new dengue cases on Friday taking the total number of such cases this season to 796. Thirty-three cases were reported from three municipal corporations while one was from the NDMC area of the capital and three from other states. Two children have so far succumbed to mosquito-borne infection in the last two months.Municipal health officials said that 281 cases have been reported from south Delhi so far followed by 266 cases from north and 211 from east. An official said that on Wednesday 39 dengue cases were reported, maximum for a day this season.\"Aedes aegypti, the mosquito which transmits the viral infection, grows the most at room temperature. Any decrease in the temperature, as has been observed over the last few days, will check the growth,\" said Dr Ekta Gupta, associate professor, department of clinical virology at Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences (ILBS).The doctors at private hospitals also said there has been a significant reduction in dengue cases this week. \"From 10 cases daily, the numbers have gone down to two cases per day,\" said Dr Anupam Sibal, group medical director at Apollo hospitals. He added, \"But there is a lot of panic among people. Many of them insist on admission even if there is slight or insignificant decrease in platelet count. Small children are often subjected to multiple blood tests to monitor vital parameters by the anxious parents.\"Dr M P Sharma, head of the internal medicine department at Rockland hospital said that platelet counts tend to fall even in viral fever, malaria and other infections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963191", "title": "Feasting in the spirit of sacrifice", "text": "With Bakrid around the corner, the city's Muslim community is gearing up to celebrate the second-most important festival in the Islamic calendar after Id-ul-Fitr. Though there's no fasting involved, the feasting remains just as important.Also referred to as Eid ul-Adha (from the Arabic 'Feast of the Sacrifice') and Eid-ul-Zuha, Bakrid usually follows the end of Ramzan by about 70 days. Ritually marked by sacrificing animals such as goats and sheep, the festival is celebrated in different ways by young Muslim couples in Bangalore who often don't perform the qurbani or sacrifice at home, keeping in mind their neighbours' sensibilities.\"Since we live in an apartment complex, it's not practical to perform qurbani at home. We don't want to cause any inconvenience to neighbours,\" says Farzan Ahamed, 37, who works in an IT company near Electronic City. \"Since my parents live in Kolkata and have their own house, I contribute towards buying an animal sacrificed there. There's nothing like being at home because the Bakr-Id jamaat (the congregation for prayer) is awe-inspiring,\" says Ahamed.Aneesa Fasim, a post-doctoral research fellow at IISc, says most Muslim couples who live in flats either send money home or contribute to the local mosque. \"Several families may get together and invest in goats or cattle for Bakrid. Since the sacrifice is performed at the mosque, it doesn't disturb neighbours. They may pick up part of the meat,\" says Aneesa. She explains the sacrifice is divided into three portions: while one portion is given to the needy, one-third is distributed among friends and family and the remaining is consumed at home.Aneesa will celebrate the festival at her in-laws' place, where the day will start with kheema seviyan (vermicelli cooked with minced meat) and meetha seviyan (sweet vermicelli). After the qurbani, the meat is used to make mutton biriyani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16960574", "title": "Court rejects plea against IPS officer over Nirmal remark", "text": "GURGAON: A city court has dismissed complaint against IPS Amitabh Thakur, posted as SP (Rules and Manuals) in Lucknow, his wife Nutan Thakur and two children filed by Shashi Yadav of Sushant Lok locality in Gurgaon for having used derogatory remarks against Nirmal Baba.Earlier IPS's son and daughter had registered a FIR against Nirmal Baba at Gomti Nagar police station in Lucknow in May 2012 for duping his followers in name of suggesting measures for their grievances.The judicial magistrate Aashu Kumar Jain observed that the complaint by Yadav has no concrete evidence about any such derogatory remarks against self-proclaimed godman and thus dismissed the complaint. The order also said that the complainant could not prove even prima facie that Nirmal Baba was portraying any separate or special religion himself so that the religious feelings of his religious followers could be hurt.Based on these facts, the court dismissed the complaint application for registering FIR against IPS and his family members at the initial stage itself. Speaking about the order, IPS Amitabh Thakur said \"The court order would certainly act as a booster to all four of us to get engaged further in social activities\".He said that his children - Tanaya and Aditya - had registered a FIR against Nirmal Baba following which complaint case against him and other family members was filed by Shashi Yadav before court of judicial magistrate in Gurgaon. \"This complaint was made under section 295A IPC (hurting the religious sentiment of a group) and was later pursued under section 298 IPC. The complaint said that these four persons, including the two children were using derogatory language against Nirmal Baba, hurting other's religious sentiments\" he added.The Delhi high court, in May, had sought the government's reply on a plea for prosecution of self-proclaimed godman under the drug and magic remedies objectionable advertisement (DMROA) act for allegedly duping people in garb of providing false magical treatment to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962836", "title": "Driver, staff are directors in other Gadkari cos too", "text": "NAGPUR: After Purti Power and Sugar Limited (PPSL), TOI has unravelled the web behind some more companies of BJP national president Nitin Gadkari's Purti Group on Thursday. All the companies have the same groups of directors - driver, diwan et al, email ID and addresses.The PPSL has been under fire for getting investment from 18 'shell' companies with common directors, most of who are closely linked to Gadkari. TOI uncovered similar dealings in Wainganga Sugar and Power Limited (WSPL), Mahatma Sugar and Power Limited (MSPL) and Avinash Fuels Private Limited, three companies under the Purti Group.Purti group's website has been blocked or inactive since the last few days, but TOI was able to view a cached web page. There are nine companies in Purti group; PPSL, WSPL, MSPL, Avinash Fuels, Yash Agro Energy Limited, Purti Bakery and Confectionery, Purti Super Bazaar, Purti Agrotech Limited and Purti Solar Systems Limited.In 2009-10, Gadkari's Purti group had purchased two non-functional sugar factories: The Wainganga Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana Limited was run NCP union minister Praful Patel and BJP leader Shriram Tichkule, at Devada village in Mohadi tehsil, Bhandara district; The other was Mahatma Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana Limited run by the late Moreshwar Wankhede, who had Congress links, at Jamni village in Seloo tehsil, Wardha district.The sugar factories were purchased in auction from Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank Limited with identical bids of Rs14.10 crore. Later, Purti restarted these factories and named them WSPL and MSPL respectively. It also proposed power plants at both places, just like at PPSL near Khursapar in Umrer tehsil, Nagpur district.WSPL's list of allottees (shareholders) on December 29, 2011, downloaded from the website of ministry of corporate affairs, shows six entities owning 31.45 lakh equity shares worth Rs3.145 crore. Five of them are limited companies while the sixth is an individual, Nitin Mudholkar, a resident of Green Park, Civil lines, Nagpur.The email IDs of all five companies - Yogesh Projects Private Limited, Apeak Infotech Private Limited, Westline Trading Co Private limited, Amply Infotech Private Limited and Jasper Commerce Private Limited - is rajsharma54@yahoo.com. This ID is also the official email for 17 corporate shareholders in PPSL.Besides, two of these five companies have their registered office at Dubey Chawl, R-no-1, near Kumaria Presidency Hotel, Andheri-Kurla Road, Andheri (East), Mumbai. This is also the registered address of five corporate shareholders in PPSL. The shanty at this address clearly hints at the suspicious nature of these companies.Also, the residential address of two companies, Yogesh Projects and Amply Infotech, is the same even though the directors in these companies are different. Similarly, the residential address of the other two companies, Apeak Infotech and Jasper Commerce, too is the same but with different directors.Interestingly, Rajesh Khanzode, who was an additional director in Seven-Eleven Sales and Marketing Private Limited (a holding company of PPSL), is also one of the five directors in WSPL. He is an employee of Purti's bakery unit at Nagpur.The other four directors in WSPL are Sudhir Dive (the current MD of PPSL), Nitin Gadkari's younger son Sarang, Tichkule and Ravindra Chinchwadkar (a chartered accountant whose firm audits some of the companies linked to Purti group). This is the first time Sarang's name has featured in the companies in Purti group. Gadkari's elder son Nikhil is a director in PPSL.Tichkule continues to be linked to the factory even after it was taken over by Purti.A similar web of directors and companies is seen in MSPL shareholders too. There are three directors in MSPL as of date, with Sarang and Chinchwadkar being common in WSPL and MSPL. The third director, Pradeep Dive, is the younger brother of Sudhir Dive (MD of PPSL).In MSPL, Mudholkar is mentioned as managing director between April 1, 2010 and September 17, 2012. Mudholkar told TOI that he had some shares in WSPL but has no links to Gadkari. \"I am a businessman and cannot reveal anything more,\" he said. Mudholkar was also a director till September 2012 in Yash Agro Energy Limited, which is also part of the Purti Group.There are three more companies in Purti Group, but do not find mention in the cached web pages from Purti's website. One of them is Purti Contract Farming Private Limited which has as directors Sudhir Dive and Jaykumar Varma, vice-president of PPSL and also BJP zilla parishad member from Bela.One of the other two companies is Purti Marketing Private Limited with two directors, Kawdu Zade and Sagar Kotwaliwale. Zade is Gadkari's 'diwan' while Kotwaliwale is a Purti employee.The last company is Purti Alternative Fuels Private Limited with Kiran Saraf and Hemanta Jambhekar as directors. Jambhekar's daughter told TOI that he works with the Purti group. However, later Jambhekar himself refuted this, and said he is only a lecturer in Dharampeth Science college.The house at the address given by Kiran Saraf in Purti Alternatives is actually owned by his wife, and has been rented out. Saraf said that he is a consultant for Purti with regard to bio-fuels.All directors in companies linked to the Purti group appear to be playing musical chairs. TOI found that Manohar Panse (Gadkari's driver) was, at some time or the other, director in 11 companies linked to the Purti group. Similarly, Zade has been director in 16 companies, Kotwaliwale in nine companies, Nishant Agnihotri in 13, and Khanzode in two companies.(Inputs by Alka Panse)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16965396", "title": "South-west monsoon weak in 26 districts in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Belthangady in Belthangady taluk of Dakshina Kannada district recorded maximum rainfall of 80.5mmin the last 24-hours up to 8.30am in Karnataka on Friday. Rainfall over Karnataka in these 24-hours is considered as isolated since 5% of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm.Rainfall was scattered in two districts, isolated in 11 districts, and negligible in 17 districts. South-west monsoon was n ormal in four districts, and weak in 26 districts. H eavy rain was recorded in one district, rather heavy rain in two districts, moderate rain in eight districts, light rain in five districts, very light rain in nine districts, and no rain in five districts.Scattered, rather heavy to heavy rain was received in Udupi and Dakshina Kannada districts; isolated, light to rather heavy rain received in Kodagu, Shimoga, Chamarajanagara, Ramanagara, Gulbarga, Hassan, Mandya, Bidar, Chikmagalur, Raichur, Uttara Kannada, Tumkur, Kolar and Mysore. D ry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to October 26 has recorded deficit rainfall of 28%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 956.4mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, the state recorded rainfall of 690.1mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on October 26, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 0.6mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 3.1mm, a deficit of 81%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16961418", "title": "Job creation is Kerala's biggest challenge: Chief minister", "text": "KOCHI: The biggest challenge that the state currently faces is the social set-up which is more accustomed to job seeking than job creation, said chief minister Oommen Chandy. He was inaugurating TiEcon Kerala 2012, the national conference of The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE), in Kochi on Thursday.\"To facilitate and encourage entrepreneurship amongst students in the state, the government has launched a landmark Student Entrepreneurship Policy, which guarantees 20% attendance and 4% grace marks to any student who works to create knowledge, innovation, wealth and jobs through incubators recognized by the government of India. This will help students pursue entrepreneurship and innovation during their studies and unleash their intellectual power,\" Chandy said.P K Agarwal, chief executive officer of TiE Global, said, \"I'm absolutely convinced that the Student Entrepreneurship Policy will pay off in ten years' time. Even if only 10% of the students decide not to have a job, it is going to change the culture. We should always remember that venture money always follows entrepreneurship, and not the other way around.\"The state government must take it as a mission to enable a fertile environment where entrepreneurship could be sown, grown and allowed to flower, said John K Paul, president of TiE Kerala.\"Last week, we heard of about a multinational company with 100% foreign direct investment leaving Kerala because of the apathetic attitude of trade unions. Also, we recently heard the difficulties being faced by a Kerala-based industrial group in carrying forward their activities in the state and about their plans to expand outside,\" Paul said.Ashok Rao, chairman of TiE Global and Kanwal Rekhi, founder trustee of TiE also attended the inaugural function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "16960749", "title": "GRP searches yield nine imported pistols, ammunition from passengers", "text": "PATIALA: Keeping in view the festive season and threat of terror attacks, major search operations launched by GRP across the state have led to seizure of nine imported pistols, one gun and 10 live cartridges from Ludhiana, Amritsar and Bathinda railway stations. GRP officers have got vital clues, which points towards international help to arrested persons.Sources said that in the wee hours of October 24, while checking the passengers in Moori Express at Ludhiana railway station, GRP cops seized two 9 mm pistols and 10 rounds of ammunition from the bag of a 30-year-old youth.The unidentified youngster managed to escape, taking advantage of heavy rush of passengers.During preliminary investigations, it has come to light that the accused had come with weapons from Nepal as cops have recovered literature of a Nepal-based gurudwara from his seized bag.Cops have also recovered clothes purchased from Thailand from the seized bag and have started investigations.In a second case on the same day, cops arrested Amardeep Singh, who belongs to Bhind (MP), from Dadar Express at Amritsar railway station and seized two 9 MM pistols. The seized weapons were concealed inside his pillow. Cops have recovered a driving license of Manila, Philipines from Amardeep and started further investigations.\"All the 9 seized pistols are of international quality, which indicate that they have been brought from other countries. Revolvers could be made locally, but not such good pistols. The presence Thailand clothes and Manila driving licence clearly show that the accused have some connections in that countries. We have started investigations,\" said Rohit Chaudhary, inspector general of GRP, Punjab, said on Thursday.The remaining four 9 MM pistols were seized at Bathinda railway station from three persons, identified as Suresh Kumar from Hisar, Rakesh Kumar alias Kaka of Hisar and Avadh Naresh from Agra. Their another accomplice, identified as Aman from Bathinda, managed to escape.\"We have increased patrolling across the state to thwart the designs of criminals,\" said Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16960603", "title": "Baby stolen from government hospital in Royapuram", "text": "CHENNAI: A five-day-old girl was allegedly stolen from the government Rajah Sir Ramasamy Mudaliar Maternity (RSRM) hospital in Royapuram on Thursday. CCTV footage showing a saree-clad woman carrying the baby is being checked.Police said Ravi, 28, an autorickshaw driver, admitted his wife Kalaiarasi, 24, to RSRM hospital where she delivered a girl on Sunday. Her mother Karpagam accompanied her. At 9am on Thursday, Karpagam went to the toilet leaving the child beside a sleeping Kalaiarasi. When she returned, the baby was missing. She woke Kalaiarasi up and the two searched in the ward before informing the authorities. The hospital gate was closed and several people joined the search. CCTV footage showed an unidentified woman fondling babies inside the ward. She was also seen lifting Kalaiarasi's baby and making a move. A few people noticed her, but none questioned her, police said. \"We are verifying the footage. We interrogated the nurses and ward staff. Security at the hospital has been tightened,\" a police officer said.\"We think a gang is involved as the suspect was found chatting with four other women on the stairs,\" he added. The hospital authorities said they could not stop visitors from coming in groups.\"We already have installed CCTV cameras. We are now asking patients to be more careful,\" said a senior doctor. Just a week ago, P Menaka of New Washermenpet alleged that she had delivered twins at the RSRM hospital but that the authorities had giveb back her only one child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963017", "title": "Gautham Menon's YVM wrapped up", "text": "Gautham Menon's romantic entertainer Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu (YVM) has completed its entire shooting. The film is also nearing post production works and the director is planning to release the movie simultaneously in Telugu and Tamil either on November 30 or in the first week of December. Although these dates have been locked by the makers, an official announcement is awaited on the film's release.The music of the film, composed by maestro Ilayaraja, received great response and couple of numbers have also topped the chartbusters. Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu (Neethaane En Ponvasantham in Tamil) has Nani and Samantha playing the lead role while Jiiva will be seen in the Tamil version. M. S. Prabhu is the Cinematographer and Editing is handled by Anthony. The teasers have already generated good buzz and film buffs are eagerly waiting to see the lead pair's romantic journey on screen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959299", "title": "Cavity in soil caused Metro mishap in September: Report", "text": "MUMBAI: The mishap at a Metro construction site in Andheri, which killed one labourer and injured 16, was caused due to a cavity in the soil located close to a stormwater drain on which the scaffolding of the under-construction slab was built.The city's first Metro line between Versova and Ghatkopar via Andheri is being built by the Reliance Infrastructure-led Mumbai Metro One Private Ltd in which Veolia Corporation of France and Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) are stakeholders.\"A report by our investigation committee, led by IIT professor Krishna Rao, has revealed that the scaffolding gave way due to a cavity in the soil which had become loose due to heavy rain the previous day,\" said MMRDA additional commissioner SVR Srinivas.According to sources, the report has also revealed that the load of concrete that was being mounted on the scaffolding increased manifold because the work was being carried out during monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16963292", "title": "'Lost my phone in a cow', among mobile insurance claims", "text": "LONDON: Do you know anybody who lost his mobile inside a cow or someone who baked her handset into a sponge cake?The team at a UK-based mobile insurance company has heard it all in some bizarre excuses customers have made to claim insurance in the last twelve months.The company's list of top ten weirdest mobile insurance claims was topped by a farmer in Devon who claimed his phone had disappeared inside the back end of one of his cows when he'd been using the torch on his mobile while assisting the cow during calving, The Mirror reported.The phone later made an appearance, but was damaged. Placed number two on the list was a lady in her early 40s from Nottingham who claimed that she'd baked her phone into a Victoria Sponge she'd been making for her daughter's birthday.A woman in her 30s claimed she'd been walking her Cocker Spaniel on Barry Island beach, Wales, when a seagull swooped down and took her mobile from her hand.A 20-year old girl from Bristol claimed the vibration function on her phone had stopped working while she was using it as an adult toy, the company's website said.A 40-year-old construction worker said his cellphone had fallen out of his back pocket when he pulled his jeans down before sitting on the toilet. Not realising, he went about his business and flushed the chain.The phone didn't flush, but underwent serious water damage.A man in his 30s claimed he'd been filming monkeys from the car window in Longleat Safari Park with his mobile handset when a monkey climbed on the roof and snatched it.The list also included a couple who lost their phone over the side of their cruise ship while re-enacting the \"I'm King of the World!\" scene, while trying to take a photo of themselves.A pyrotechnician was setting up a show for the National Fireworks Championships in Plymouth, and having left his mobile within the \"blast zone\", it was nowhere to be found when he returned post-show, having been fired 3,000 feet into the air before exploding in a stunning display.A young woman from Liverpool admitted she'd thrown her phone at her boyfriend, whom she'd discovered cheating, but it missed him and hit a wall, breaking the handset.A man who was filming a Blur event on his cellphone from a nearby tree got a little too excited as the band came on stage and dropped his phone onto the ground below.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16963945", "title": "An appeal for Kanpur and some candid memoirs", "text": "KANPUR: On his visit to Kanpur, Dr APJ Abdul Kalam couldn't help noticing the civic problems faced by the industrial city and who better to share his views with than two alumnae of the Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur, who happen to be among the administrative authorities and were present to welcome him. He urged district magistrate M P Agarwal and deputy inspector general of police Amitabh Yash, both of whom are ex-students of IIT-Kanpur, to make the city a clean, happy and a prosperous one to live in. He congratulated president of Students Gymkhana Abhay Jain on completion of 50 glorious years and lauded Aerostat (the helium-filled balloon) and the wind tunnel facility at IIT-Kanpur. He said he was delighted to be part of the Student Gymkhana celebrations.Recalling his BTech days spent at Madras Institute of Technology from 1954 to 1957, APJ Abdul Kalam said, \"I had a tough professor. Dr Shreenivasan who was my teacher and also the director of the institute gave me six months time to work on a project of designing a low-flying aircraft. But the progress was not good and Dr Shreenivasan said 'Kalam you have done a hopeless job! It is disappointing.Only one month left, finish the work in time, satisfactorily. We worked day and night with complete devotion after which we received accolades from our director and he offered us hot Madras coffee as reward. But we could learn system design, system integration and system management from the project work that was assigned to us and employers jumped to hire us.\" He said this was how students should be made multi-taskers with command on various subjects.The 'Missile Man' revealed to the IIT students his answer to a question raised by a USA student while he was teaching. \"I answered that in last 5,000 years of history, India had been ruled by Indian kings for only 600 years and for rest of the time it was ruled by outsiders. The last to rule were the British. To prevent all this from happening again and to protect our borders, it had become necessary to conduct nuclear tests in Pokharan in 1998.\"Kalam said the question put up by a female student of US origin was why did India spend huge sums of money on nuclear blasts at a time when it was facing problems like poverty, unemployment, lack of infrastructure, etc.Kalam's anecdote was received by IIT-K students with a standing ovation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "16965148", "title": "Awareness rally for voters in Bharuch", "text": "Bharuch: More than 600 students made a fervent appeal to people to exercise their franchise in the upcoming assembly elections at an awareness rally organized in the town on Thursday.The rally was organized by media control and monitoring cell of the Election Commission (EC) and a private school. The students displayed posters and banners to make people aware of the importance of voting in a democracy.Bharuch collector Avantika Singh said, \"In a country like ours, it is important that every one votes. We have tried to send a message through the rally, that everyone should vote for a better democracy.\"There are 9.70 lakh voters registered in Bharuch district for five constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16964048", "title": "Beggar killed in \u2018professional\u2019 rivalry", "text": "VARANASI: In a bid to maintain his monopoly in the 'trade of begging' at the railway station and some religious places, a beggar brutally stabbed another beggar, identified as Sanjay Paswan (20), of Samastipur in Bihar on a crowded platform of Vindhyachal Railway Station in Mirzapur on Wednesday evening.Sanjay died during the course of treatment at district hospital while the police nabbed the accused beggar.According to reports, a beggar who used to operate at Vindhyachal railway station and some nearby places of worship, had an altercation with another beggar Sanjay in Ashtabhuja area on Wednesday. Sanjay had become active in the area for the past few days and was asked by the accused beggar to leave the area. When Sanjay did not pay attention towards the warning by his \"professional rival\", he was stabbed at the station on Thursday evening. This incident at crowded platform led to chaos. An injured Sanjay was immediately rushed to the district hospital where he succumbed to injuries during the course of treatment. The GRP nabbed the accused beggar with the knife used in the crime but declined to disclose his identity.Theft: Cash and valuables worth over Rs 18 lakh and a licenced revolver of Santosh Singh, the principal of Bareva Inter College, was stolen from his house in Vindhyapuri Colony under Dehat Kotwali police station in Mirzapur district on Wednesday night.According to reports, Singh, whose wife is also a manager in an organization in Padari area, lives on the first floor of the house of Yuvraj Singh as a tenant. On Wednesday night Singh and his family had gone to enjoy a fair when the miscreants broke into his house and decamped with Rs 3 lakh in cash, ornaments worth Rs 15 lakh and a licenced revolver. The incident came to light when Yuvraj's son noticed the broken doors of Singh's house and informed him about the incident. Police were investigating the matter.Three killed in road mishap: Three persons, including a couple, were killed while two minor girls suffered serious injuries when their car collided with a standing truck near Dhaniamode area under Baksha police station in Jaunpur early on Thursday.According to reports, Ratan Seth, a native of Rambag in Mirzapur, along with his wife Dolly, daughters Richa and Aditi and driver Prem Kumar had gone to Lucknow to meet his relatives in a car. They left Lucknow for Mirzapur on Wednesday night. When they were passing through Dhaniamode during the wee hours, the driver failed to notice a standing truck and the car collided with it. The couple and the driver were killed on the spot while Richa and Aditi were rushed to a local hospital in serious condition.Driver dies: Atar Singh Baghel (52), a native of Mainpuri, was found dead in the cabin of his truck (HR 55 D 5959) near Tamachabad under Mirzamurad police station on Wednesday afternoon. According to reports, Baghel had reached Tamachabad with coolers on his truck on Tuesday but due to no-entry he stopped his truck there. On Wednesday evening he was found dead inside the cabin of truck. Before his death he had talked to his family members over mobile phone and informed that he had pain in chest. It is suspected that he died due to cardiac arrest.Corporator attacked: A Varanasi Municipal Corporation' corporator from Baghada ward, Rajesh Jaiswal and his wife had a narrow escape when three motorcycle-borne miscreants opened indiscriminate fire in a loot bid near Anglo Bengali Inter College compound under Bhelupur police station on Tuesday night.According to reports, Rajesh and his wife were returning home on a motorcycle after enjoying the Navratra fair. When they were passing through Anglo Bengali Inter College, three miscreants riding a motorcycle intercepted them and opened fire. Before Rajesh could understand anything, the miscreants snatched the gold chains of Rajesh and his wife and opened indiscriminate fire before fleeing from the scene. On receiving information, the police reached the incident site and recovered empty shells. Police were clueless about the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16961367", "title": "5,000 cops to monitor Thevar Jayanthi in Ramnad", "text": "MADURAI: Ahead of Thevar Jayanthi celebrations at Pasumpon village in Ramanathapuram district, the region will be brought under police cover from October 27, given the sensitive nature of the occasion. Over 5,000 policemen across the state are going to be deployed in Ramanathapuram district along with 13 SPs, 50 DSPs and 150 inspectors.Pasumpon U Muthuramalinga Thevar, a freedom fighter, was born on October 30, 1907. He was also a prominent leader of the Mukkulathors, comprising Kallar, Maravar and Agamudaiyar communities.After his demise, every year October 30 is celebrated as Thevar Jayanthi during which thousands of people including leaders of various political parties and organizations come and pay homage at his memorial in Pasumpon village.There is a fear that communal clashes will erupt on the occasion between two groups, the Thevars and the Scheduled Castes.In 2008, two groups of students clashed on the campus of the Dr Ambedkar Law College, Chennai, over the printing of pamphlets to mark Thevar Jayanthi.The 105th Thevar Jayanthi falls on Tuesday. Elaborate security arrangements have been made by the district administration for its peaceful conduct.The district authorities have decided to enforce tight security to ensure law and order. Ramanathapuram's superintendent of police N M Mayilvahanan told TOI that areas in Ramanathapuram district were split into 12 sectors including Ramanad, Kamudhi, Thiruvadanai, Parthibanur, Abiramapuram and Paramakudi and would be given solid security cover.Six 'Vajras', the anti-riot vehicles, 11 state ambulances and nine fire tenders will be put in important places like Kamuthi, Muthukulatur, Parthibanur and Abiramapuram. Police have been asked to report on October 27, the SP said.Mayilvahanan also said two parking slots were being readied to ensure smooth traffic, which would be monitored by a separate SP.\"No vehicle without police permit will be allowed to the venue. Travelling on rooftops of vehicles is strictly banned. Carrying of torches and taking out 'Pal kudam' and 'Mulaipari' processions will be allowed only on specified routes on specified days. No public meetings will be allowed between October 28 and 30,\" the SP said.The district authorities have decided not to permit posters, flex boards in and around Pasumpon and Kamudhi. Aggrieved by this decision, the All India Forward Bloc's Ramnad district secretary A Suresh filed a writ petition before the high court bench, seeking permission to erect banners and flags across the district.The petition came up for admission on Thursday before Justice M Duraiswamy. Advocate R Maheswaran appearing for the petitioner told the court that the police had denied permission for banners in and around Pasumpon and Kamudhi where more SC community people live. Instead, they can allow banners outside such villages.The judge admitted the petition and ordered the district authorities to file a counter on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "16962758", "title": "Fire mishap dampens immersion ceremony", "text": "SAMBALPUR: When the immersion ceremony of goddess Durga was on in full swing in the town on Thursday, a mishap due to electrical short-circuit in Patnaikpara puja pandal dampened the festive mood. Fire broke out at the pandal in the wee hours of Thursday and before anyone could realize anything, more than 40% of the pandal, including part of the goddess, was gutted. Members of the puja committee immersed the remains in the morning in a sorrowful atmosphere.\"It is a really shocking incident. It happened primarily due to an electric short-circuit. We had taken all precautions, we do not know how it happened,\" a member of the puja committee said on Thursday.Senior police officers rushed to the spot after the incident. \"It is a serious matter. The incident should alert other puja committees of the town. Since light decorations have become elaborate these days, we advised the puja committees to take all precautions,\" said SDPO (Sambalpur) P K Mahapatra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16963510", "title": "Stop exhibitions in Margao: Vendors", "text": "MARGAO: Vendors from the markets in the jurisdiction of the Margao municipal council (MMC) called on its chief officer Srinet Kotwale on Thursday demanding that the civic body stop giving permission for exhibition-cum-sale events in the town.The new market vendors association led by its president Vinod Shirodkar, and Gandhi market vendors association led by its president Rajan Azgaonkar, conveyed their objection to the exhibitions which earlier were held very frequently, and threatened to carry out a morcha shortly if their demands were not looked into.Azgaonkar criticized the MMC's decision to allow sale-cum-exhibition pandals to be set up on government-owned open space as he said that vendors in markets paid rent and taxes to the government while the vendors who sell their wares at the exhibitions do not do so.\"Illegal subletting of the units is rampant and the MMC is least bothered in taking any action against the violators. The market inspectors too have been turning a blind eye to the illegalities,\" a source in the MMC said, on condition of anonymity. Shirodkar claimed that exhibitions were being held very frequently at SGPDA ground at Fatorda and other places in Margao, which was eating into their business as most of the vendors were their direct competitors and he further questioned whether all the norms and regulations were being followed given the variety of items that get sold at these exhibitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16965981", "title": "Goof of four marks in Mathematics examination", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education board has announced that they would adequately compensate students in Mathematics examination. It was on Thursday that the Students complaint that there were errors of four marks in the mathematics paper.Sources in the board said that following the complaints has decided to give marks for the wrong answer if he students had attended the question. Officials said that on the first day of the examination after the mathematics papers, the students complained that there was no correct answer in the options given. In one or two question there were multiple correct answers.Sources said that after getting the same verified the board also realized that there was substance in the complaint and hence they have decided to get it again verified by expert and after which they would compensate the students.It is worth recalling that in the march examination too there were several such goof up in the papers and the board had given full marks to the students. Officials said that they would also inquire as to how the paper setter goof up in the marks. He should have solved the papers before submitting the same. But it appears that he has copied the same and has just pasted them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16965169", "title": "Young voters to be the deciding factor in Majura", "text": "SURAT: Majura, a newly carved out assembly constituency from the old Choryasi seat, is emblematic of the actual urban middle-class and upper middle-class conglomeration.With the urban middle-class voter being the biggest vote bank for BJP, this seat is considered to be the safest for the saffron party.However, this constituency has a significant population of new and young voters below 30 years of age, who may not accept a traditional aging politician as their representative and are looking for a young and clean face.Shraddha Patel, 20, a second-year commerce student who will be casting her vote for the first time said, \"I want a clean, new face as my candidate who can listen to our basic problems and relate with us. I don't want any old politician.\"Meet Padhya, 21-year-old technician said, \"I don't care if the candidate is new or a first timer but he must have a standing in society as an honest man.\"With a sizable population of Rajasthanis, north Indians, Maharastrian and Oriya communities along with Modh Vaniks, Jains, Mehsana Patels and Brahmins, it is a tough task for parties to choose the right candidate.Congress has narrowed down their choice to three candidates including a woman. Dhanpat Jain, Ramprakash Rungta and Meghna Naik are the major contenders for this seat.\"We know we can win the seat if the whole party works with unity as we have our committed vote share in the area. It is the young voters who will be the deciding factor,\" said Ashok Jirawala, city Congress president\"The seat must be given to a local Surti as they account for nearly 60 per cent of the total voters in Majura,\" said an aspirant of BJP ticket .The issue for BJP, and the tussle for the ticket, is huge. Starting from sitting minister Narottam Patel to Mehsana Patel community's young leader Vivek Patel, more than 45 people have jumped into the fray.The whole of South Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries (SGhas backed their former president Nilesh Mandlewala and BJP workers want to see veteran party worker Rajesh Desai fighting the election.The Rajasthani community backs former deputy mayor Sushma Agarwal as a candidate.With no major local issues, the elections here will be fought and decided on overall perception of candidates from both the sides and how the young people in the constituency vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16964889", "title": "North Western Railway helpline on inflammables", "text": "JAIPUR: The North Western Railway is all set to crack down on those who carry inflammable objects on trains, especially during the festive season. It has started a helpline through which passengers and others can give information on anybody carrying inflammable substances like firecrackers.According to officials of NWR, it has been done to ensure that no fire incident takes place on trains.\"The helpline number 9001195709 would be circulated across the state and would also be pasted at various places so that passengers travelling in trains get acquainted with the number to use it in case they find fellow passengers carrying inflammable substances,\" said a senior officer of the north western railways on Thursday.Tarun Jain, chief public relations officer, NWR, talking to TOI on Thursday, said: \"It is our humble appeal to the passengers not to travel with inflammables including kerosene, LPG cylinders, match boxes, dry grass as well as firecrackers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958764", "title": "Resolve top cop cheating case: High court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday said it is exploring a 'workable arrangement' to resolve the dispute in the Chitra Salunkhe case as high ranking police officers are involved.The DGP's report submitted to the court in September gave a clean chit to five out of seven IPS officers who allegedly shielded special inspector general (Protection of Civil Rights) K L Bishnoi accused of examination malpractice. Bishnoi was shown 'present' for the practical exam in the final year LLB course at Siddharth Law College on March 12, 2005. He was the then additional commissioner of police, EOW. Vice-principal Salunkhe was in-charge of viva voce exams.The seven officers include ATS chief Rakesh Maria, retired additional DGP Pankaj Gupta, additional DGP Mohan Rathod, additional commissioners of police Sanjay Saxena, Brijesh Singh, Vishwas Nangre-Patil and Naval Bajaj. The DGP's report indicted Singh and Rathod for non-application of mind and casual approach while dealing with Salunkhe's complaints.A division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode said usually the court looks at mediation to resolve disputes. \"Though this is a criminal matter, even now, some workable arrangement can be reached. High ranking officers are involved who have done much towards their duty,\" said Justice Kanade. Counsel Shirish Gupte, appearing for Maria and Saxena, said it was essentially a dispute between Salunkhe and two professors of the college and is seeking a judicial panel inquiry.The judges said the parties should meet in their chamber on Oct 29 to discuss on how to resolve the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16959939", "title": "A tearful farewell to Sunil on final journey", "text": "KOLKATA: Sunil Gangopadhyay was at his desk hours before he suffered a heart attack around 1.30am on Nabami, writing in solitude even as the city was in the middle of frenzied Puja celebrations.Two days later, after bidding farewell to the goddess, Kolkatans and fans of the writer from across Bengal were out on the streets again, this time in silent mourning to catch a final glimpse of Gangopadhyay during his last journey through the streets that idolized him as one of the greatest contemporary icons of Bengali literature.A multitude of people \u2014 writers, film and theatre personalities, politicians and scores of fans \u2014joined Gangopadhyay's cortege, blurring not only the young-old divide but also, albeit momentarily, the acrimony between the Trinamool Congress and the Left as leaders from both sides walked in unison to pay their respects.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee led the tributes and was joined by her cabinet colleagues, but the government's response had initially been lukewarm. When Gangopadhyay died on Tuesday, the CM issued a note of condolence and said minister Subrata Mukherjee would represent the government at the Thursday's cremation. That Mamata did not commit to a greater role had perhaps to do with Gangopadhyay's stated Left leanings.But sensing the mood on Thursday morning, when people from all walks of life gathered at Rabindra Sadan, Mamata and her team landed up and stole the show from Left leaders who had, till then, taken the lead in organizing the farewell.Former CM Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee expressed deep sorrow at the loss. \"I have known him since 1964. Through his writings, he depicted various aspects of society. He created several excellent characters. He was an extremely nice person. The Bengali literary world will always remain indebted to him,\" he said.Though Bhattacharjee ret-reated minutes before Mamata's arrival, Left leaders Surjya Kanta Mishra and Rabin Deb were present alongside Trinamool ministers Partha Chatterjee and Saugata Roy.Among the mourners were writers Shankar, Samaresh Majumdar and Shirshendu Mukhopadhyay and filmmakers Goutam Ghose and Mrinal Sen. \"Sunil's writing had a philosophical air. It was as though he had attained a rare spiritual insight,\" said Shankar. Majumdar said he felt numbed and paralyzed. Mukhopadhyay, who had lost a friend of 50 years, half of which was spent as colleagues, too could barely speak.Addressing the gathering of Gangopadhyay's fans outside Rabindra Sadan, Mamata said, \"We were all heartbroken when we heard of his demise. We had not expected him to pass away so soon. This loss is irreplaceable. But then, a poet and writer like Sunil da never dies. He will live till eternity through his works.\" She then stole the show from the Left by walking alongside the cortege from Rabindra Sadan to Keoratola via Sahitya Akademi. The impromptu decision took the police by surprise. They had a tough time keeping the crowd at bay as thousands walked singing \" Anandalokey ...\", \" Aguner poroshmoni ...\" and \" Tumi nirmal koro ...\"Singing in chorus with tears streaming down her cheeks was Shanghamitra Chakraborty, who won Krittivas Award this year. She had come from Burdwan to pay her tributes to the author, who she revered as a philosopher and friend. \"My world crumbled on hearing the news of his death. I am yet to come to terms with the fact that he is no longer there. I could share all my thoughts with him,\" she recounted.Urmimala Basu recollected her first connect with the litterateur. It was through the novel 'Atmaprokash'. \"Though we did not know Sunilda at that time, we used to address him by his first name among our friends. He taught us bohemianism. He showered love on me and my husband Jagannath Basu in later years,\" she said.A section of young poets, though, had to struggle to catch a glimpse of their favourite Sunil da . Some even complained of chaos. \"There was so much of howling and jostling at Sunilda's last journey. It was a shame really,\" rued Sebanti Ghosh.The writer's body was consigned to flames around 2pm in the presence of his son Souvik, who arrived from Boston late on Wednesday. His last rites were performed at the river even as immersion ceremonies went on at a distance.On his desk, meanwhile, a short story and an article remain unfinished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965042", "title": "Sampath Nandi\u2019s first film was Yamudiki Mogudu", "text": "Director Sampath Nandi's first film as an audience was Yamudiki Mogudu. He loved the film, became an instant fan megastar Chiranjeevi and started watching all his movies. He was particularly excited after watching Alluda Majaka.Sampath discontinued his post-graduation and joined Posani Krishna Murali's team. He wrote dialogues for several Telugu films as ghost writer before making his directorial debut with Emaindi Ee Vela film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960253", "title": "East corporation to set up integrated office complex in wards", "text": "NEW DELHI: The East Delhi Municipal Corporation has decided to set up integrated ward level office complex in each of its 64 municipal wards. A representative of every department will be available in the office complex.\"The new offices would have two advantages. While on one hand the ground level staff would now have a place to assemble and report to work, residents in the colonies would also benefit from it as they would not have to visit the zonal offices even for menial jobs,\" said SS Yadav, Commissioner, East Delhi Municipal Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16960694", "title": "SRK goes for Rs 65K, Aamir gets only Rs 23K", "text": "LUDHIANA: At a staggering 105kg, the black-and-white Shah Rukh Khan looked buff, worth every penny of the Rs 65,000 he commanded. Not too far away, a 90kg heavy Salman Khan glistened in his white coat, proud of the red stripes that fetched his owner Rs 51,000. Aamir, who was the eldest of the lot, was leaner at 65kg and more affordable at Rs 23,000. These celebrity goats at Bakra Mandi, near Jalandhar bypass, were the cynosure of all eyes as lucky buyers walked away with them on Thursday morning, two days ahead of Eid-ul-Zuha.With the top slots being bagged by these 'big three', Saif Ali Khan and Dharmendra, male goats weighing 65kg each, remained unsold, making their owners wonder if they should have added more star appeal to the animals.While Salman and Shah Rukh's owner was Ludhiana resident Muhammad Naseem Malik, Aamir travelled all the way from Gango Sharief in Saharanpur with Muhammad Alyas Ansari. The unsold Saif and Dharmendra belong to Muhammad Zulfikaar and his elder brother Muhammad Gulbahar of Saharanpur.\"While I sold Salman to Muhammad Ayub Khan of Jalandhar, Muhammad Raheem of Shastri Nagar bought Shah Rukh in the early hours of Thursday. I love these actors as much as I love my livestock. So I named them after the big stars. I wish I get Allah's blessings for rearing them and providing them with care,\" Muhammad Naseem Malik said.Uttar Pradesh resident Muhammad Alyas Ansari said Aamir is \"very reserved\", and so he named him after the actor. Talking about the flock, he added: \"Most of the goats belong to the Barbari breed and are known for their beauty.\"A little disappointed with the lukewarm response to Saif and Dharmendra, brothers Muhammad Zulfikar and Muhammad Gulbahar said they would not lower the price. \"We raised them like our kids...,\" they chorused.Most of the traders selling the livestock at Bakra Mandi are from Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan.A Ludhiana trader, Sucha Singh Lalka, said: \"Around 100-150 goats are sold in the mandi every day as Eid is on Saturday. We expect better business on Friday.\"OPEN DISPLAYWith no building to keep the livestock, traders who have come from far-off places to Ludhiana have no option but to 'display' the animals on a divider near Jalandhar Bypass. At night, the man and the beast sleep under the clear blue sky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "16960773", "title": "BSNL death: Family wants CBI probe", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The family of the BSNL union leader Sukhvinder Pal, who died under mysterious circumstances at the Raj Nagar District Centre on October 22, has demanded a CBI probe into the matter. Family members and other union leaders from across the country staged a protest in Ghaziabad on Thursday and shot off a letter to UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, the PMO and the NHRC demanding a CBI probe into the matter and transfer of the case to Delhi.\"We have no faith in Uttar Pradesh Police. We have not received any satisfactory response from them. My father's murder was the result of a strong nexus of the top brass and contractors of BSNL,\" alleged the victim's son, Rohan. \"We have lost hope of getting justice in Uttar Pradesh, so we have written letters to the PMO, NHRC and Uttar Pradesh CM demanding transfer of the case to Delhi and a full-fledged investigation by the CBI,\" he added.The police have preserved the viscera of the deceased. Cops have even questioned other BSNL employees and colleagues of the deceased to establish the case. The station officer of Kavi Nagar police station, Sudhir Tyagi, said there were two injury marks on the deceased's body \u2014 one on the head and the second below his eyes. \"The exact cause of death could not be established so we have preserved the viscera which will be sent for further examination,\" Tyagi said.BSNL union leaders also gave the police a memorandum citing that the deceased's death was result of exposing scams and nexus between officials and contractors in the department. \"Pal had exposed various scams in the department. Fearing legal action after exposure of the scams, department officials and other people involved in the scams eliminated him,\" said Ashok Singh, a BSNL union member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959703", "title": "Cop team outwits abductors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Behind the rescue of nine-year-old Pranav, who was kidnapped on Sunday from his Janakpuri residence in west Delhi, allegedly by his neighbour's maid and her boyfriend, was a massive operation involving five SHOs and around a hundred policemen. They were headed by additional commissioner of police (west) V Renganathan and additional deputy commissioner Devender Arya, who were being assisted by scores of local UP policemen. The entire operation was completed within 72 hours with the child being rescued without any ransom being paid.The kidnappers had doubled the ransom amount to Rs 1 crore after getting to know that the family had informed the police who were picking up their relatives for questioning. The accused had reportedly threatened to kill the child if the amount was not paid to them in 24 hours, a source said. They were, however, taking good care of the child and visiting various puja pandals even as they were threatening his parents that they would kill him any moment.Ravi and Veerpal, two of the accused, were arrested after a cat-and-mouse chase in Kasganj town of UP after they walked into a trap laid by inspector Maninder Singh, head constable Ajay, Omveer and Jai Prakash of the anti-auto theft squad. The child wedged between the two on a bike and wearing the same T-shirt that he was wearing when abducted. The prime accused, Babita (35), and her boyfriend, Meenu Kumar alias Monu, are still at large.The cops had recovered Monu's voter ID card from Babita's sister's house, confirming the alleged link. They were also tracking the phones from which the kidnappers were calling. Though they switched off the phone after every call, the large number of calls helped the police keep tabs. It was Ravi, who has a criminal background, who thought it'd be a good idea to switch off the phones.The four kidnappers were continuously on the move after they realized that the cops were on their trail. A source said the child was first taken to a hideout near Mata ka Mandir in Dibai district from where they shifted him to Rampur area and then to Masidpur near Bulandshahr. Finally he was being taken to Atrauli before being shifted Kasganj to where he was nabbed.Pranav's father, Ashish Grover, who deals in cellphones, said, \"It is due to the swift action of the police that I have been able to get my child back. At times, I had begun to lose hope since the criminals were threatening us with dire consequences.\"Grover said Babita had returned from Punjab three days back. Around 12pm on Sunday, she took the child with her after he came down to play with his friends. \"She took him away to the market on the pretext that she would buy a carrom board for him,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16964206", "title": "MobiKwik launches mobile website", "text": "NEW DELHI: MobiKwik, an Indian e-wallet company, today announced the launch of its mobile website and a new website user interface. It aims to grow its existing user base of 1.2 million by 30% with these websites.With its mobile website, Mobikwik will reach out to 945 million mobile users in the country. m.mobikwik.com can be used to make payments for mobile recharge, DTH recharge, data card recharge and post paid mobile bills via mobile phones.MobiKwik also announced the launch of a new and improved user interface of its website. The user interface has a refreshed look, clear navigation and allows users to make their selection of service and complete the transaction in a minimal number of steps. The home page suggests the service options to users that include payments for mobile, television or data card recharge. It provides an option to pay for the service and recharge in one click, or via an SMS or by dialing a number.\"MobiKwik's mobile website is intrinsic to our strategy to engage with users and increase sales. We expect 30% growth in the number of users of our service\", says Bipin Preet Singh, CEO and founder, MobiKwik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960558", "title": "Joshi pushes for private investment to boost railway revenue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railways minister C P Joshi seems to be pushing UPA's reforms agenda, including encouraging private investment to revive the cash-strapped national transporter, in a big way.The much-touted high-speed trains are back on the agenda amid indications that a pact with Spain will be signed on Friday to explore the possibilities of introducing bullet trains along with improvement of rail safety measures.Sources said that Railway Board made a presentation before Joshi on the scope of starting public-private-partnership (PPP) in rail projects, particularly in laying of railway tracks.In its presentation, the Board has outlined that the priority areas can be laying tracks for port connectivity and new tracks for better coal linkage.The earlier proposal on promoting PPP in rail projects \u2014 conceived during Mukul Roy's tenure \u2014 was sent to Joshi after the ministry came back to the Congress's kitty.An official said that Joshi wanted to get a clear picture of how the Board planned to push PPP model in this sector.Sources said this can be the beginning of railways preparing a note to seek Cabinet nod on policy issues to initiate a few pilot projects under PPP mode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16961078", "title": "Woman killed in stampede at 'Rupal ni Palli' procession, four injured", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The 'palli' procession at Rupal village in Gandhinagar district witnessed a stampede which caused the death of a devotee, early on Thursday morning. Four other devotees were injured. The religious procession of Vardayeeni Mata took place on Dussehra night. Gandhinagar superintendent of police has ordered a probe to find out how the stampede was triggered.According to Pethapur police, the palli (palanquin) of the goddess is traditionally taken out along a circular route in Rupal village on Gandhinagar-Kalol road on Dussehra night. The palli is prepared by devotees from various castes. Devotees from Gujarat, Maharashtra and Rajasthan come to the village on Dussehra with ghee as offering to the deity. The procession starts after midnight and continues till early in the morning. More than three lakh devotees take part in the religious procession.\"According to eye-witnesses, first two pallis broke due to inferior quality of wood used for the purpose. As the devotees were waiting impatiently for the palli to appear, the third and final palli arrived around 3.30 am. On hearing the news that the palli had arrived, devotees broke file and started rushing towards the road. In the commotion, Alka Bhatt, 54, a resident of Sector 24 in Gandhinagar, who had come to witness the procession with her family, was separated from her husband and son,\" said a Pethapur police station.Bhatt fell on the road after being pushed from behind and couldn't get back up. She was trampled by others in the crowd. Some passers-by saw her and took her to Gandhinagar civil hospital for treatment. She died on the way, said investigators. Four other devotees were taken to the civil hospital by EMRI 108 ambulances.Sharad Singhal, superintendent of police, Gandhinagar, told TOI that he visited the spot and hospital on Thursday morning. \"We have constituted an inquiry headed by a deputy superintendent of police in the case to know what prompted the crush. We believe it was more commotion rather than a stampede, which resulted in the death,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965878", "title": "CM's letter on DMRC for Metro only first step", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state might be firm on its stand that the decision to hand over the Kochi Metro project to Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) was taken long back but official sources claim that the chief minister writing to the centre seeking DMRC's services is only the first step in this regard. All previous communication was based on an assumption that the DMRC will take up the task and it won't stand a legal or technical scrutiny.\"Though the state government had sought the services of DMRC earlier, the proposal was premature then. It was not relevant then and was not a condition placed before the Union cabinet while the project proposal had come up. Now that the project has been cleared, the chief minister's letter will be the first step in seeking DMRC services,\" said M Ramachandran, member of the 12th Plan Committee of the Planning Commission and former secretary of Union urban development ministry.He said the letter written by principal secretary Tom Jose seeking the opinion of the Union urban development ministry, which triggered the present round of controversies over the Kochi Metro, was nothing unusual.Sources in the urban development ministry also agreed with him. \"The ministry is not aware of the CM's letter. Whatever may be the state's wish, there are certain procedures to be followed by the DMRC to take up the work. In case of a later scrutiny by a parliamentary committee, the KMRL (Kochi Metro Rail Ltd) and the DMRC will be answerable. Unless the guidelines are properly followed and the state government and centre emerges clear on all matters including fund utilisation, the DMRC would not be able to take up the work,\" one of them said.If the proposal is to be realized, the director boars of KMRL and DMRC should approve it first, followed by the approval of urban affairs ministry.The question as to why DMRC after the state floated an SPV for the same purpose may also arise from these quarters. \"If some other Metro rail corporations in the country express willingness to carry out the work at a lower rate, the state government will find it difficult to turn down the proposal,\" a source said. Meanwhile, transport minister Aryadan Mohammed wrote a letter to DMRC, requesting it to take up works outside Delhi, Kochi Metro in particular. He said the state was incurring a loss due to delay in DMRC's decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960385", "title": "Congress leaders jittery ahead of Cabinet revamp", "text": "NEW DELHI: With less than 72 hours to go for Manmohan Singh to rejig his Cabinet in accordance with Rahul Gandhi's wishes, anxiety is beginning to grip Congress circles over what might unfold on Sunday.Some see the exercise as an opportunity to showcase a new-found governance-related urgency which has already found reflection in reforms initiatives, and to change the focus of headlines from corruption and paralysis in the UPA. But others feel the exercise could be used as a springboard to bring in a younger set as part of the political messaging ahead of 2014.Party circles on Thursday were thick with speculation that foreign minister S M Krishna and environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan may be assigned other tasks. Tourism minister S K Sahay faces a risk of being dropped as part of the effort to contain the Coalgate fallout. He was in the dock for recommending allocation of coal blocks to a company that had his brother as a director. Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal seems to be safe but may see a shift in his portfolio as part of the damage-control exercise.Kapil Sibal may be asked to shed one of his two portfolios. He started off as the HRD minister, but speculation is that he may be asked to continue looking after telecom now that the 2G mess has been sorted out considerably. However, Sibal may also replace Krishna if the latter is shifted out of the foreign ministry.There is also interest in C P Joshi's future. He held the highways portfolio before he was given additional charge of railways in the wake of Trinamool's exit \u2014 widely interpreted as reflecting Rahul's backing for the first-time member of Lok Sabha.Amid speculation, Joshi held discussions with the Planning Commission deputy chairman on \"PPP model for railways\": hardly a sign of somebody who feels he may be shunted out.Jyotiraditya Scindia, minister of state, is likely to get an elevation \u2014 independent charge of a ministry, if not Cabinet rank. Sachin Pilot is another young turk whose stock seems to be on the rise.The reshuffle will be followed by touching up of the organization where Rahul is likely to get a fresh projection, designation notwithstanding. The possibility of Rahul's elevation has set off murmurs about its possible repercussions, the most notable speculation being if he would make \"his team\". Senior leaders are jittery on how it could affect their clout.If Rahul brings in young leaders, it could come at the cost of apparatchiks who have manned the organizational bureaucracy. The issue has been the single big cause of friction, finally nudging the young leader to bring more synergy between the mother outfit and the Youth Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16962859", "title": "Businessmen to aid Yavatmal farmers", "text": "PUNE: Debt-ridden farmers from Yavatmal and entrepreneurs from the region who are settled in Pune will be brought on a single platform to discuss and explore possibilities of starting small business ventures.The programme an is part of the activity of the state agriculture department's Agricultural Technology Management Agency (ATMA) which is active in Yavatmal, a the district infamous for farmer suicides.Addressing a news conference here on Thursday, deputy director of ATMA Mangesh Deshmukh, who initiated the meet, said, \"In a similar programme held in Nagpur, 80 people from Yavatmal, who had shifted to Nagpur for better prospects, had participated. Many of them were businessmen, entrepreneurs and salaried professionals who, at the meet, established direct contact with the farmers and are now sourcing produce directly from them.\" Some are exploring the possibilities of starting small business units which will benefit the farmers as well, he said.Deshmukh said ATMA was a state government initiative wherein a group of farmers from a block identified their common requirements that are generally not covered under any existing government scheme.\"It includes issues related to health and hygiene, social support for entrepreneurs and agro-business enthusiasts. While the government provides some funding, participants are expected to use the funds for the identified purpose,\" he said.Deshmukh said, \"The Nagpur meet also helped build farmers'confidence to grow vegetables and foodgrains of superior quality that had buyers in urban areas. Such morale-boosting activity is not part of a government scheme, but is required to help farmers.\"The Pune meet has been planned in view of the deficient rainfall during monsoon that has the farmers worried about repaying their loans. \"There are very remote chances of good crop yield,\" he said.If any business ventures take shape in the Pune meet, the dealings will be between the farmers and businessmen. ATMA will have no further role, Deshmukh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962900", "title": "Four more chain snatchers booked under MCOCA", "text": "NAGPUR: A gang of four chain snatchers who were allegedly involved in a series of chain snatching cases in the city, was slapped with charges under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crimes Act (MCOCA).This is the second time that the city police have invoked MCOCA against chain snatchers. Earlier, four chain snatchers and a jeweller were booked under MCOCA.The decision was made by Anant Shinde, additional CP (South region) after going through a deep investigation against Parag Gaikwad (22) and Parag Dangi (19), both of Mhalgi Nagar, Piyush Vande (21) of Bidipeth and Sanjay Kharwade (33) of Hudkeshwar.It was learnt that the gang headed by Gaikwad were involved in the organised crime. The gang members were arrested by Dhantoli police. Gaikwad has 21 cases of chain snatching registered against him at Dhantoli, Nandanwan and Sitabuldi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962908", "title": "Access bars, a new form of healing", "text": "NAGPUR: Integrated Healing Forum has invited internationally renowned healer Aditi Surti to the city to introduce a healing technique called access bars. Surti has undertaken a tour, spanning six cities, across the country to popularize this technique. The tour would begin from Nagpur.A one-day workshop for introducing the technique will be held at Centre Point Hotel, on Saturday. This would be preceded by a pre-workshop training session to be held on Friday.Explaining a little about access bar consciousness, secretary of the Forum Dr Sara Chimthanawala said, \"There are 32 points in one's head that are linked to the various emotional and functional areas of life. Stimulating these points can help one get over many a mental blocks that may be stopping us from taking certain important decisions and steps.\"In a note that Surti sent to the Forum, she mentions that each Bars session can release 5000 to 10,000 years of limitations in the area of your life corresponding to the specific Bar being touched. She also said that the areas of life that people have been able to resolve through the use of access bars include sleep, health and weight, money, sex and relationships, anxiety and stress among others.The workshop, on Friday, will be held at the residence of Manju Jain at 5C, New Colony. More information can be sought at 9422122260 or 9225229771.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16964313", "title": "Idols' immersion adds to Ganga's pollution", "text": "PATNA: The Ganga, which is already highly polluted due to discharge of human and industrial waste into it over the years, stood a little more polluted after Durga Puja due to immersion of a large number of idols in the city. It is estimated that over 5,000 litres of paint and hundreds of kg of plaster of Paris and toxic synthetic materials were immersed in the river along with the idols, causing further damage to the holy river.Hundreds of idols have already been immersed in the Ganga river, and the remaining ones are to be immersed in the next two to three days.According to an estimate, at least 1,000 idols of Durga weighing about 40,000 kg would be immersed in the river this year in and around the city. \"Till a few decades back, idols were made of clay and decorated with vegetable colours and other biodegradable material. Now idols are made of plaster of Paris, synthetic colours and decorated with non-biodegradable material that are not at all friendly to the river,\" said environmentalist Mehta Nagendra Singh.Studies conducted by the Central Pollution Control Board show that idol immersion during festive occasions like Durga Puja is putting \"significant stress\" (pollution) on rivers, lakes and local ponds. Plaster of Paris does not get dissolved or disintegrated fast. Moreover, the chemical dyes and colours being used to colour the idols contain poisonous elements. Particularly, red, blue, orange and green colours contain mercury, zinc oxide, chromium and lead, the potential causes of developing cancer.The studies further indicated that plaster of Paris contains gypsum, sulphur, phosphorus and magnesium. Chemical paints contain mercury, cadmium, lead and carbon. Immersion of these idols poison the waters of lakes, rivers and the sea by increasing acidity and the content of heavy metals. \"Such pollution damages the ecosystem because it kills fishes, damages plants, blocks the natural flow of the water, causing stagnation. It damages health of human beings also by polluting drinking water sources, causing breathing problems, blood and skin diseases,\" said the scientists.PU geology teacher Ramesh Shukla said that the Ganga has already shifted its natural course two-three kilometres away from Patna at some places and the water level has also declined. \"If this practice continues, a day will come when there will be no water in the Ganga,\" he said.Shukla suggested that the puja committee members should be persuaded to bury the idols at some suitable places earmarked for the purpose. Man-made water bodies can also be used for idol immersion, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959921", "title": "Girl identifies accused in court", "text": "NEW DELHI: An MBA student who had allegedly been gangraped by eleven youths in Noida in 2009, has identified ten of the accused in a Delhi court on Thursday.The eleventh accused, being a juvenile , was not produced in the court. The 24-year-old girl told the court that she recognizes all the ten accused present in the court as those who raped her and can identify the eleventh one as well, if shown to her. The girl added that she left India after the incident as she was being threatened by the accused even after registration of the case. The victim was gangraped by eleven youths on January 5, 2009 when she was returning from a mall in Noida with her friend Amit Pawar.The girl and Pawar also denied allegations by the defence counsel that they were spotted in a compromising position in their car by the villagers and were beaten up; and that they had lodged a false case of gangrape.Pawar, who had filed the complaint, had alleged that the accused youths were returning home on bikes after a cricket match and had forced them to stop the car by brandishing cricket bats. They then got into the vehicle and drove it around urban Noida village and took turns to rape the girl.The girl had also accused one Omkar for pushing her and Pawar in the back seat and driving the car to a jungle where them were beaten up by the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16962842", "title": "India gears up for second Formula One Grand Prix", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Organisers of the second edition of the Indian Grand Prix are jazzing up the Buddh International Circuit in Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh in anticipation of a nail biting race that could decide the 2012-13 Formula One champion.Battalions of painters, gardeners, mechanics and masons are busy giving last minute touches to the showpiece motor racing event south-east of Delhi, where the moneyed world of Formula One contrasts with a backdrop of rural poverty, bullock carts and bicycles.Askari Zaidi, the main spokesperson for the Buddh International Circuit that has brought the glamour event to India, said the shortcomings from the maiden Indian Grand Prix last year were being plugged - including planting of thousands of trees and huge tracts of grass to make the track less dusty.\"We are fully geared up to hold the second edition of formula one car race here and as you can see, this circuit is far more greener, there are whole lot of plantations done around the circuit and all other facilities have also been perked up and we are very excited.\"We hope that the people who are going to come and see the races will be very pleased with this whole experience,\" Zaidi said. The circuit itself has 16 corners with cars hitting a maximum speed of 315 km/hour. Average lap speed last year was around 206 km/hour. The 1.12km straight is one of the longest on the calendar.Last year, Ferrari driver Felipe Massa had crashed during the qualifying after overshooting one of the kerbs and had asked the organizers to have another look at it. Zaidi said they have incorporated the drivers' suggestions and made the necessary changes.\"There are some kerbs, the height of those kerbs have also been improved, increased. These changes have been done in order to make sure that the drivers do not come onto the grass and they should see these turns from a distance,\" he said.This year, the championship is wide open with Red Bull's double world champion Sebastian Vettel , Ferrari's Fernando Alonso and Kimi Raikkonen of Lotus all in the running for the title.Alonso lost the lead to Vettel in South Korea but the gap between the two is a mere six points with four high-stakes races remaining.The tables could turn again on Sunday, but the odds favour Vettel, the 25-year-old German who won the inaugural Indian race last year and can chalk up a fourth consecutive victory in one season for the first time in his Formula One career.In the second year, the euphoria of a maiden race is missing and according to the media reports nearly half the tickets are still to be sold.But organisers feel the prospect of a serious title deciding race would bring the f1 enthusiasts in large numbers, come race day.\"So far the championship is still in contest. Vettel is slightly ahead of Alonso but there are races left after this GP and we hope that this Indian GP will decide the champion. Whoever wins this will be the champion,\" Zaidi said.Local interest will be focused on the Force India team, whose flamboyant co-owner Vijay Mallya has been keeping a low profile since the recent grounding of his loss-making Kingfisher Airlines.The fans would also be keeping a tab on the performance of India's sole driver Narain Karthikeyan who drives for HRT, hoping to see him finish in front of his home crowd after ending 17th last year.Meanwhile, Ferrari have said they will race with the flag of the Italian Navy on their cars at the Indian Formula One Grand Prix in a gesture of support for two Italian sailors charged with killing Indian fishermen.The Italian team said on their website on Wednesday they would be paying tribute to the navy as \"one of the outstanding entities of our country\".The sailors were part of a military security team protecting a cargo ship from pirate attacks when they fired on the boat of the two fishermen off the Indian coast in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16960788", "title": "New traffic plans put in place for Formula One", "text": "NOIDA: The traffic police have put into place alternate routes and transport arrangements for residents as well as visitors to Noida on eve of the second 3-day Formula One race to be held in Greater Noida. To be implemented from today (October 26), the closures and diversions have been designed with an aim to keep traffic disruption to a minimum.Blueprinted in association with the Noida Authority, several arterial roads that are likely to be affected by race goers have been turned into no-entry zones. Even as heavy vehicles have been banned from using the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, normal traffic will be prohibited on the service lanes. Several points across the city have been barricaded, while signboards have been put up to inform people about route diversions.\"No vehicle will be allowed to park on the stretch between the Noida entry point to the zero mile of the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway,\" said Dharmender Singh Yadav, Noida's traffic inspector. \"Moreover, the Noida Authority has helped remove all encroachments in this path to facilitate smooth movement of traffic,\" he added.The Authority has identified 15 routes across Noida which require a diversion. Display signboards have been put in place to inform commuters about the available alternate roads. During the race days, the two cuts leading to and from Sector 15A will be barricaded and closed for all traffic movement, cops said. \"Effectively, this will be done from 7am to 9.30am and again between 5pm to 7pm or as the traffic situation demands,\" said Yadav. \"This has been done envisaging heavy traffic turnout during the race days. Last year, commuters had to face severe traffic snarls and so this year a plan was chalked out to avoid a similar situation on Noida roads,\" said AK Goel, chief maintenance engineer (civil), Noida.Addressing the problem being faced on one of the most congested and most frequented stretches of Noida \u2014 from Noida entry point to Mahamaya flyover \u2014alternate routes can be used by commuters to travel to Greater Noida from Delhi. \"This stretch faces a daily gridlock and with the race it could get worse for commuters,\" Goel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16961640", "title": "\u2018Samsung infringes on four Apple patents\u2019", "text": "Samsung Electronics Co lost the first round of a US trade case brought by Apple Inc , its second big defeat this year in America as the companies battle worldwide over smartphone and tablet computer technology.Samsung infringesfour patents ,including onefor thefront face of the iPhone and one for touch-screen technology co- invented by Steve Jobs , US International Trade Commission JudgeThomasPender saidin a notice on Wednesday on the agency's website.The judge's findings are subject to review by the full commission , which has the power to halt products at the US border and is scheduled to finish its investigation by Feb. 25. The case is one of morethan threedozen between the makers of about half of the world's smartphones . Samsung , which lost a $1 billion jury verdict in August against Apple , is challenging a different ITC judge's findings that its own patents weren't infringed by Apple .TheKorean company has had more success in other countries , including a victory on Wednesdayin TheHague.\"People see what's happening in the other countries , but here in the US , every time they go up against Apple , they lose,\" said Will Stofega , a program manager at Framingham , Massachusetts-based researcher IDC. \"Samsung will continue to fight . In the long run , this cultof Apple may notbe a good thing tohave .\" Thejudge'sfindings will become public after both sides get a chance to redact confidential information . If the commission agrees with Pender andorders a halton imports , the action would be reviewed by the US president , who can overturn the ban on public-policy grounds.\"If left to stand , this initial determination could lead to fewer choices, less innovation , and potentially higher prices for the American consumer ,\" said Adam Yates , a spokesman for Samsung . \"We remain confident that the full commission will ultimately reach a final determination that affirms our position that patent law must not be manipulated to give one company a monopoly over rectangles with rounded corners ,or technologythatisbeing improved every day by Samsung and other companies .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960873", "title": "Indian Grand Prix: Crucial race for Vettel and Alonso", "text": "NEW DELHI: The best advertisement for the Airtel Indian Grand Prix and for motorsports in India could possibly be what's written on Lewis Hamilton's helmet.The McLaren driver will be racing in the second edition of the Indian GP, and the 17th round of the 2012 Formula One world championship, in a specially-created helmet for the occasion with a motivational message in Hindi, \"Apne aap main vishwas karo, toh kucch namumkin nahi hai (Believe in yourself, and anything is possible).\"The Indian GP saga pretty much wears the same tone. For a country that grapples with poverty, drought and corruption on a daily basis, building a Formula 1 circuit and running a successful race is all about belief. Applauded by all last year, the second year of the race looks set to be a prettier and grittier version. The brown shades of the dust have been replaced by luscious hues of green grass. The track is clean, free of dust. There's no sound of last-minute nails being hammered in.Thursdays on the track, a day when engines don't run but tongues do - a large chunk of the day is spent doing media promotions - usually wears a more relaxed vibe as drivers can be spotted walking around the paddock, sporting a smile rather than hunched shoulders . Hellos and hugs are exchanged right down the length of the paddock. It was no different at the Buddh International Circuit.But there were two men who were difficult to spot, unless you went looking for them. The stars for this weekend's race, Red Bull Racing's Sebastian Vettel and Ferrari's Fernando Alonso , have been kept away from any sponsor and media commitments. Vettel, who leads Alonso by six points and is the obvious favourite to win here, sounded upbeat about his chances.\"I loved the track layout last year, but not just because I won the race,\" Vettel said. \"With an average speed of 235 kmph, it's the second quickest after Monza. There is a lot of elevation change around the lap which adds to the fun, from as much as 8 per cent downhill and up to 10 per cent uphill; it's like a roller coaster!\"Unlike last year, when Vettel arrived in New Delhi with the title in his bag, this year the season is poised on a knife's edge. Both the teams know what's at stake and won't be hesitant to pull out the punches to ensure the best finish here.Thank God It's FridayA Grand Prix weekend begins on Friday morning, with two 90-minute practice sessions used by drivers to know the circuit and for the teams to determine the best settings for the track.10am-11.30am: First free practice. It doesn't count for a grid position, but is used to ready the cars for Saturday's qualifying2pm-3.30pm: 2nd free practice. FIA press meet takes place after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16963313", "title": "BSY's delayed resignation saves public money", "text": "BANGALORE: Embattled former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa certainly deserves a pat on his back on this count, irrespective of his political compulsions.By not quitting the BJP and resigning his assembly membership before December, he is ensuring that public money is not wasted on a needless byelection in Karnataka.Though Yeddyurappa, who represents Shikaripur constituency in Shimoga, had made up his mind to end his 40-year stint in the BJP and launch a new outfit two months ago, he decided not to resign in haste, apparently because he didn't want a byelection.Technically, byelections are conducted on two counts - resignation or death of a sitting legislator. The Election Commission is bound to hold a byelection if there are more than six months ahead of scheduled assembly polls.If Yeddyurappa were to quit by the year-end, the Election Commission will not hold a bypoll to avoid election expenses. Technically too, the gap is reduced to five months, as assembly polls are due in May 2013.\"It will save public money, avoid paralyzing the administration and hardship to the people,'' an official in the state's chief electoral office said.Another reason why Yeddyurappa does not want a byelection at this stage, according to his bete noires in the BJP, is that he fears he will be defeated which will abruptly end his political career. \"Shikaripura has basically been a BJP stronghold. He is not sure about winning, he feels all parties will join hands to defeat him,'' said a senior minister.Karnataka has seen 21 byelections during BJP rule, largely forced by resignations of sitting legislators under 'Operation Lotus' by BJP to poach MLAs of opposition parties. The Election Commission spends around Rs 2 crore on an assembly bypoll.The Law Commission of India had recently recommended that legislators who resign or those disqualified should not be allowed to contest till the next general elections. The Centre is yet to enact this legislation. \"Since India adopted the British parliamentary system, it should follow the same with regard to legislators' resignations. This would put an end to poaching of MLAs or resignations on flimsy or 'emotional' grounds,'' said M N Patil, political analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16958444", "title": "No trace of baby abducted in America", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four days after she was abducted from her home in King of Prussia, a suburb in Pennsylvania, 10-month-old Saanvi Venna is yet to be traced. Grandmother Satyavathamma, 61, who was babysitting the child, was murdered by unidentified assailants on Monday afternoon.While an intensified search was on for the girl, various Telugu associations and the US government have announced a reward of $50,000 for information on the missing girl. Sources said Satyavathamma's body is likely to be sent back to her native Prakasam district by October 29.Satyavathamma arrived in the US during July this year and was scheduled to return home in another three months. The investigators were still clueless on how the woman was killed. The FBI , which is assisting the police in the investigation, is carrying out searches in the apartment complexes and surrounding areas to trace the baby.Saanvi's parents, Siva Prasad Reddy and Chenchu Latha Punuru migrated to the US in February 2007. The couple lived in San Antonio , Cleveland and Troy, Michigan, before moving to the Pennsylvania suburb in June this year.Ram Venna, the child's uncle, who lives in San Jose , California , pleaded with the abductors for the safe release of the baby. The Telugu Association of North America (TANA) organised a candle-light vigil on Tuesday night in memory of Satyavathamma and demanded the immediate release of Saanvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16963323", "title": "Six city cops suspended", "text": "RAJKOT: Commissioner of police HP Singh, has suspended six police personnel of Malviyanagar police station for dereliction of duty.Sources said that the officials had carried out a raid on a gambling den without informing their senior officials and had not even filed a report. Singh had constituted an inquiry after a complaint in this regard was made by a local resident.The suspended cops are head constable Dilipsinh Zala along with constables Harshadsinh Chudasama, Ramnik Padheriya, Dharmendrasinh Zala, Jaypalsinh Chudasama and driver Ranbha Gadhvi.Sources said that they had settled the case during the raid on Janamashtmi by taking money from the those running the gambling den.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16960615", "title": "One more accused arrested in IFFCO job fraud case", "text": "GURGAON: One more accused has been arrested in connection with the IFFCO job fraud case. Vijay alias Govind Solanki, resident of Tatri village in Baghpat in Uttar Pradesh, who was arrested in Delhi, was produced in court and taken on six days' police remand. Vijay was reportedly the right hand man of the kingpin of the job racket.The accused disclosed that the racket was being run since 2009 and they had three offices in two main cities in NCR.Other accused who were arrested a day before, Deepak Bansal, resident of DLF; Mopura in Ghaziabad; Ashok Kumar, resident of Noka village in Baliya district in Bihar; Navneet Sharma, resident of Ramvihar, Shahadra, Delhi; and Ranjit Bhardwaj, resident of Kalyanpuri in Delhi. The three accused were sent in judicial custody while the two accused who were arrested on Thursday, Vijay alias Govind Solanki and Deepak Bansal, have been taken on police remand.During the investigation, the cybercrime cell team recovered 15 mobile phones and fake offer letters from their possession. The accused disclosed that they were in the process of launching some more fake websites. They revealed that they had duped around 100 people and had run an office in Ghaziabad with 11 women telecallers working in the office.\"They have run their racket from Delhi and Ghaziabad since 2009 in three offices, which they called call centres, Kisan Helpline Service, Kisan Sewa Kendra and Kisan Grahak Sewa Kendra. Some people who reportedly engaged with the media were also involved in the racket. Govind Solanki revealed many other names of people, mostly belonging to Delhi, whom we will nab shortly. We are also searching for the kingpin of the racket,\" said Inspector Suresh Kumar, person in charge of cybercrime cell, Gurgaon. \"We will disclose many other important aspects in this case soon,\" hesaid.On October 5, Subhash Chand, deputy director of Indian Farmers Fertilizers Cooperative Limited (IFFCO), had lodged a complaint with police about the job fraud after seeing the fake offer letters given to them by duped youths on payement of Rs 12,500. The job racket members had used a fake website www.Kisanhelplineservices.com and used the logo of IFFCO to lure the unemployed youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963922", "title": "Crouch accidentally shows undie while doing a Jolie", "text": "Abbey Crouch has become the latest celebrity to try and copy Angelina Jolie's side-split look at this year's Oscars, as she showed up at the Lingerie London event on Wednesday night.She managed to look stunning in a dark red gown with the side split cut dangerously close to her nether regions, the Daily Mail reported.So close, in fact, that she accidentally showed off her lingerie as she failed to contain her modesty while walking along the carpet with husband Peter.Abbey could be seen visibly struggling to keep the frock in place and unfortunately revealed her black under garment, as the split moved even further up while she walked.Tied in a bow above her waist, Abbey's slender frame was shown off to the max, while she even showed off more flesh with a plunging neckline.She completed the look with some black strappy heels and wore her blonde locks down and wavy.Footballer Peter joined her by her side in a dapper suit and played the protective husband, as he cradled her sides and helped her move along before they both headed inside at the event in Old Billingsgate Market.She tried out a number of poses to show off her leg in a glamorous way but seemed slightly uncomfortable as she tried to figure out the best way to stand.But she soon got her confidence back, as she took to the catwalk inside the event, modelling a number of stunning get-ups for the star crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959496", "title": "Dussehra sparkles at new diamond hub", "text": "MUMBAI: The new Bharat Diamond Bourse (BDB) at Bandra-Kurla Complex saw a great deal of activity on Dussehra as 26 diamond traders from Opera House moved in, occupying around 45,000 sq ft of space \u2014 the largest in a day.\"More importantly, 23 of those who moved are sight holders, traders who deal directly with international giant Diamond Trading Company (DTC) as authorized bulk purchasers of rough diamonds. They are market leaders of the diamond industry. Their move will prompt smaller traders to follow,\" said Amit Shah of Meghna Diamonds, who has been motivating traders to shift to the new premises.The bourse opened in October 2010, but it was the July 13, 2011 terror attack on Opera House that finally prompted most diamond traders to consider moving to the complex. \"It happened once but can happen anytime,\" said Amit Shah, pointing to the lack of adequate security at Opera House.On Wednesday morning, sight holders Ashok Gajera of Laxmi Diamonds and Vipul Shah of Asian Star were among those who arrived to spacious offices with state-of-the-art security as compared to the cubbyholes in the Opera House precinct. BDB has 2,400 offices across eight towers built on a 20-acre campus.\"I am happy because both convenience and security are taken care of in BDB. Only diamond merchants can rent space here. We also have a vast trading hall, customs centre, banks, restaurants and cafeteria,\" Gajera said. Vipul Shah's marketing division has already started work. \"I am looking forward to settling in. The electronic security system inspires confidence, and moreover, the bourse has arranged special buses to Bandra railway station as well so staffers need not fear attacks on them en route,\" he said.Anoop Mehta, president of BDB, said, \"Many traders whose offices were ready, were looking for an opportune time to shift. Dussehra, which is one of the three-and-a-half popular mahurats of the year, is a good day to buy new property or to move in.\"Amit Shah expects that several other traders will move during Dhanteras and Diwali. \"The period from Dussehra to Diwali is crucial for business. Traders did not want to forgo profits by wasting four or five days in the logistics of moving. Many more will go to BKC once the festival season is over,\" he said. \"Around 35% of office space in terms of sq ft has been occupied. I believe we will achieve 55% by November-end,\" said Mehta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "16960790", "title": "Missing driver found murdered in Hisar", "text": "HISAR: A 28-year-old driver was shot dead by unidentified persons near Juglan village of the district during late night hours of Wednesday. Deceased Sukhbir Godara is learned to have gone missing with a vehicle he had borrowed, since Tuesday night.Sukhbir's body was found lying near bushes on the outskirts of the village. His body was handed over to family after postmortem examinations. Police have started investigations after registering a murder case on the statement of the victim's father, Krishan Singh.Sub-inspector Vikas Kumar, who is probing the case, claimed to have recovered empty shells of fired bullets and empty beer bottles from the spot. \"We have sent the bullet shells and beer bottles for forensic examination. We are scanning the call details of the victim and expect to reach the assailants soon,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959820", "title": "File property returns by Nov 15: Delhi University to staff", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministry of human resource development is ensuring that every employee of Delhi University cleans up his act. Following a letter from the ministry, dated August 1, 2012, DU has asked \"all employees\" except the vice-chancellor, to submit their annual property returns to the \"competent authority of the university.\" The VC will have to submit his APR to the vigilance wing of MHRD which is calling the move a \"greater transparency and preventive vigilance initiative.\"As per the notification, dated October 19, teaching and non-teaching staff of a college \u2014 except the principal \u2014 will have to submit their documents to the competent authority of the college. The principal is required to submit them to the DU registrar. The returns will have to be filed by January 31 of every year and latest by November 15 for this year.The notification also adds, \"The employees...who fail to submit their returns on due date would be denied vigilance clearance in addition to the action under Conduct Rules applicable to them.\" After the paperwork has been filed, the authorities will \"scrutinize the returns in respect of officials against whom there are repeated complaints.\"The letter from the ministry \u2014 signed by joint secretary and CVO, Amit Khare \u2014 itself refers to a November 2006 letter and subsequent reminders in 2007 and 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965216", "title": "Wanted to do films beyond 'Dhoom': Sanjay Gadhvi", "text": "Sanjay Gadhvi, who directed the first two films of the fast paced \"Dhoom\" series says he decided not to be part of \" Dhoom 3 \" because he wanted to make films that come naturally to him.\"I am trying to do every kind of movie because the process by itself is so much fun. Every film makes you know yourself better so why repeat? If that was the idea, I would have made Dhoom 3 . I wanted to move on and explore something else.Otherwise after 'Dhoom 2', the most natural thing would have been to do Dhoom 3 ,\" Gadhvi said.The filmmaker made his directorial debut with Tere Liye (2000) which went unnoticed. His first film with Yash Raj Films was Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai (2002). The film enjoyed moderate success.He first gained fame when he directed the action thriller Dhoom (2004) and then directed the sequel Dhoom 2 . The 46-year-old director says his next musical film Ajab Gazabb Love which releases today, is a light hearted film.\"Funny things come naturally to me. In fact my crew and assistant directors used to ask me to make a light hearted film. I have a knack of saying something really funny while keeping a poker face,\" he added.Gadhvi also said that he does not hesitate in admitting that the non-performance of Sanjay Dutt-Imran Khan starrer Kidnap did play in his mind.\"The backlash that came after Kidnap made me sure that I want people to come, have a good time in my film, forget worries and don't worry about something serious to ponder over.\"My next film had to be light hearted. After the lack of intended response from 'Kidnap', the idea was to have some fun. This is where Ajab Gazabb Love came in handy,\" he said.Ajab Gazabb Love stars Jackky Bhagnani and Nidhi Subbaiah in lead roles.Listen to Ajab Gazabb Love songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958898", "title": "UP picnic pact turns awry for 8 Malad kids", "text": "MUMBAI: When eight children from Malad East found themselves flush with cash, they decided to head for Uttar Pradesh . Little did they know that their anxious parents would approach the police to track them.On Tuesday, the group finally returned home. The children, aged between 11 to 16 years, are all residents of Santosh Nagar. Some of them attend school, while the rest are dropouts. According to the police, on October 16, the group of eight, including two girls, met in Malad around 5 pm and decided to go on a trip out of town. Each of them agreed to pool in around Rs 250 for the journey and they also decided against informing their parents.\"Some of the boys in the group had played drums for a Ganpati mandal and had been paid handsomely for it. One of the youngsters had been gifted Rs 1,300 by his grandfather to buy a new set of clothes,\" an officer from the Dindoshi police station said.According to their plan, the group met near a temple on October 17. They hailed autorickshaws in groups of three and went to Lokmanya Tilak Terminus, where they boarded Gorakhpur Express. \"Gorakhpur was selected as the holiday destination as one of the youngsters had relatives there. But when the youngsters did not return home that night, their parents got anxious,\" said the officer.On October 18, the parents of some children approached the Dindoshi police station and filed a missing complaint. On October 19, the group reached Gorakhpur. Meanwhile, a neighbour who knew about their \"holiday plans\" informed his parents. The Gorakhpur-based relatives were also taken aback to see such a large group of minors land up at their door without any warning.\"Some of their parents then travelled to Gorakhpur and brought the children back by train,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16964446", "title": "Bees delay departure of Air India Express flight", "text": "MANGALORE: A Dubai-bound Air India Express (AIE) flight from Mangalore International Airport was delayed by more than 30-minutes after ground crew detected presence of honey bees near the tail of the aircraft during a pre-departure flight check.The aircraft which had arrived from Dubai on Thursday was parked on the apron overnight for more than 14-hours and this time sufficient enough for the bees to come a build a small hive there.However, AIE authorities not wanting to take any risk delayed the boarding of passengers till such time that the bees gathered on the aircraft were removed and posed no danger either to the aircraft or the passengers.This coupled with other technical delays meant that the aircraft that should have departed at 11.45am finally took off at 12.30pm, sources in Airports Authority of India told TOI. \"It is normal for bees to gather on a parked aircraft,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16960463", "title": "No platelets at Civil Hospital: Health dept seeks explanation", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana health department has sought a reply from the Civil Hospital about the reason for patients being referred to Delhi and not being provided platelets at its own end.Also, a reply has been sought on the details of the latest agreement between the private hospitals and the Civil hospital concerning platelet transfusion.Sources said the reports were sought by the director general health services office on Thursday. Giving a detailed reply on the preventive and curative measures taken so far, the district malaria office also mentioned in its report that no dengue patient had been provided platelets at the Civil Hospital this year so far.Sources added that besides dengue cases, the number of patients from other departments who are referred to Delhi was also high. The hospital has around 200 beds and has advanced facilities like NICU, ICU, cancer as well as burn wards.The health department swung into action after TOI in its news report had highlighted the apathy of government doctors in treating dengue patients by indiscriminately referring them to Safdarjung Hospital in Delhi. The government circular says that BPL patients and pregnant women will be provided free platelets and the cost will be borne by the former.When contacted, principal medical officer Dr Asruddin said the circular was once again distributed among the doctors and were told to adhere to the guidelines. This year has seen a rise in dengue cases with 304 and two deaths confirmed so far by the health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16961980", "title": "Constitution doesn't permit 'Father of the Nation' title: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mahatma Gandhi cannot be accorded the 'Father of the Nation' title by government as the Constitution does not permit any titles except educational and military ones, the home ministry has said.In an RTI response to Lucknow-based student Aishwarya Parashar, the home ministry has told her that no action was taken on her plea to the President to declare Mahatma Gandhi as 'Father of the Nation' because Article 18 (1) of the Constitution does not permit any titles except education and military ones.Aishwarya had filed number of RTI petitions seeking details about Gandhi and the reasons of referring him as Father of the Nation . In response, she was told that no such title has been accorded to Gandhi.Driven by a patriot zeal, Class VI student Aishwarya wrote to the then President Pratibha Patil and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to issue a notification declaring Mahatma Gandhi as 'Father of the Nation'.Aishwarya had filed an RTI petition seeking to know the action taken on her plea by the President and the Prime Minister.The application was transferred to the Home Ministry with instructions to explain the action taken on her plea. In its response, the Home Ministry told Aishwarya the above mentioned reason why the title of 'Father of the Nation' cannot be accorded to Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958928", "title": "Judges question war over kids\u2019 custody", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday expressed its exasperation over the pitched battles in divorce and custody litigations.\"We don't know why in every case, especially custody matters, there is such a tug-of-war between couples,\" observed a division bench of Justice V M Kanade and Justice P D Kode.The court's remarks came during the hearing of an application filed by a Mumbai resident seeking access to his three minor children during Diwali who are living with his estranged wife in Madhya Pradesh. Custody battles are usually vicious affairs at courts with allegations and counter-allegations.In the present case, Neeraj Sharma rested his fight for custody on health grounds. He claimed that his estranged wife, Seema, suffers from a skin condition called psoriasis, which while not contagious, could affect the quality of life of his children. He also said one of the side effects of the skin condition was depression, which he claimed his wife suffered from. Sharma added that his two children were admitted to a school in a small town in Madhya Pradesh, whereas he offered to get them admitted to an English-medium school in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16955293", "title": "DD vs HL: Highveld Lions beat Delhi Daredevils to enter Champions League Twenty20 final", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chris Morris (2-7) and Aaron Phangiso (2-18) helped Highveld Lions book their place in Champions League Twenty20 final as they beat Delhi Daredevils by 22 runs in the first semifinal on Thursday.Scorecard | Match in PicsChasing a modest 140-run target, Delhi lost wickets at regular intervals and were restricted to 117/9 in their 20 overs.For Delhi, Kevin Pietersen scored 50 off 44 balls to lead the chase but the English bat didn't get much support from the other end. Pietersen hit a six and three boundaries in his patient innings before becoming second victim of Morris in the seventeenth over.The only other major contributor for the IPL outfit was opener David Warner, who hit 21 off 18 balls which included four hits to the fence. Apart from the two, only Morne Morkel (18* off 16) was in double figure, which completed the sorry picture of the Daredevils.With Delhi's ouster, the poor show of cash-rich Indian Premier League teams ended in the tournament.Lions will play the winner of the Friday's second semifinal between Titans and Sydney Sixers in the summit clash on Sunday.Earlier, Gulam Bodi and Neil McKenzie guided Highveld Lions to 139/5.Gulam Bodi slammed a gritty fifty while Neil McKenzie scored a fiery unbeaten 46 to guide Highveld Lions to a modest total.Invited to bat, Lions got off to a steady start as the openers found scoring tough against the Delhi attack.Umesh Yadav gave Delhi first breakthrough by dismissing Highveld Lions' Alviro Petersen (24) after a 34-run stand for the first wicket with Bodi.Qde Kock then joined Bodi at crease to accelerate the scoring rate.However, Ajit Agarkar got rid of Kock in the 10 th over.Before Lions' could recover, Pawan Negi dismissed D Pretorius to reduce Lions to 63/3.Bodi, however, stood firm and paired up well with McKenzie to steer his side to a modest total.Yadav dismissed Bodi just after his fifty. However, McKenzie remained unbeaten after a fiery 28-ball knock.Delhi Daredevils won the toss and elected to bowl.While Lions field the same squad, Mahela Jayawardene has offered to sit out to let David Warner play for Daredevils.Delhi were the only IPL side left in contention after three others were knocked out in the group stage itself. The Lions, on the other hand, are one of the two South African sides, the other being Titans, to have reached the semifinals.Squads:Lions: AN Petersen, GH Bodi, Q de Kock, ND McKenzie, J Symes, TL Tsolekile, D Pretorius, CH Morris, Sohail Tanvir, DP Nannes, AM PhangisoDelhi: DA Warner, V Sehwag, KP Pietersen, U Chand, LRPL Taylor, IK Pathan, NV Ojha, P Negi, AB Agarkar, M Morkel, UT Yadav", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964423", "title": "Naomi Harris tipping Idris Elba to become first black bond", "text": "Naomi Harris has said that she would vote for Edris Elba to play the first black James Bond.In recent years, there have been talks about the possibility of 007 fans seeing a black Bond at some point.\"I didn't realize that there was this talk and then I did a film with Idris [Elba] and he said that he met Barbara Broccoli [James Bond producer] and that it does seem like there is a possibility in the future that there could very well be a black James Bond ,\" the Huffington Post quoted her as saying.\"And I would have to vote for Idris because I just finished working with him and he's a great guy,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959642", "title": "If the police want, they can find my son, says Mohan Nerurkar whose new-born son was stolen", "text": "MUMBAI: Whenever the Nerurkars sit down to eat on festivals, the dreaded topic pops up. Wouldn't it have been nice if their brother was there, one of their daughters would wonder aloud.\"The forthcoming Bhau Bheej festival will be tough,'' says Mohan Nerurkar, who jolted the system when his four-day-old son was stolen from Sion Hospital's maternity ward on January 1, 2009. The humble security guard dragged the municipal corporation to court, thanks to lawyer Amit Kharkhanis who fought the case for free. The court then issued guidelines to transform hospitals into safer places for newborns and children.\"My daughters do talk about their brother, but my wife rarely says a word,\" says Nerurkar. Mohini was diagnosed with depression after the kidnapping. \"Me and my wife are carrying on only because of our children.\"Has the family given up hope? \"We are still hopeful that the court will ensure that our son comes back to us,\" says the Chembur resident. But his bitterness comes across every now and then. \"If the police want, they can still find my child,\" he says, adding that the Sion Hospital authorities never got in touch with him. \"Whenever I go there, they point out that the case is in court.\"He has a word of advice for the Naiks whose day-old son was stolen from Wadia Hospital. \"They should directly go to the court seeking justice. Only if the court directs them, will the police get cracking,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958943", "title": "A googly for BCCI from Guwahati", "text": "MUMBAI: The Guwahati high court has restrained BCCI till November 7 from taking a final decision on the selection of the new IPL franchise. The judicial spinner came the Board's way after the HC heard a public interest litigation that has questioned the \"exclusion\" of North Eastern states from the bidding process. The HC however said BCCI could continue with the bidding process and that it was not being prevented from including Guwahati too.Ghisa Lal Agarwal from Guwahati filed the PIL and, through his advocate Ashok Saraf challenged the \"legality of tender notice issued by BCCI on October 14, 2012 which called for bids from new cities such as Ahmedabad, Cuttack, Dharamshala, Indore, Hyderabad, Kanpur, Kochi, Nagpur, Noida, Rajkot, Ranchi and Vizag excluding the North-Eastern City\".It wanted the HC to direct the BCCI to include Guwahati too in the IPL bids.Justice BD Agarwal heard Saraf and NJ Dutta counsel for the central government as the PIL made central sports ministry also a party and said, \"I am of the view that the petitioner has made out a prima facie case to entertain the petition.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nico's here", "code": "16953702", "title": "Nice with Nico Rosberg", "text": "NICO'S HERE: It's the season of speed in the capital - the top F1 racers in the world are here for the weekend, causing motorsports enthusiasts to go into a tizzy. But some of them also send girls into a tizzy - like German racer Nico Rosberg. That's what happened when Starwood Preferred Guests (SPG), members of the award-winning loyalty program from Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide, Inc, hosted an event recently at The Westin, Gurgaon, a Starwood property, with the F1 racer.PAINT MY WORDS: The afternoon started with Indian artist Rabin Bar making a live painting of Nico by the poolside. Later, Nico autographed the painting and praised the artist for his work. Also present were Sanjay Sharma, complex general manager, The Westin Gurgaon, New Delhi and The Westin Sohna Resort and Spa, and Arif Patel, regional director, sales and marketing, Starwood Asia Pacific Hotels and Resorts.SETTING HEARTS RACING: The venue came alive with the excitement of the pit, with a special activity zone where guests participated in exciting Formula One simulator races to win prizes. The hotel lobby displayed the Mercedes AMG Petronas Formula One show car. Excited to be part of the second season here, Nico said, \"It's great to be here in India again. It's amazing weather, and we look forward to an exciting weekend with a lot of fun and entertainment. SPG events are fantastic and a lot of fun for me. They give me the opportunity to meet SPG members across the different countries that we visit on the Formula One calendar. Their passion for the sport is amazing!\" Added Dilip Puri, managing director India and regional vice president South Asia, Starwood Asia Pacific Hotels and Resorts, \"SPG has officially announced a three-year partnership with the Mercedes AMG Petronas Formula One Team at the start of Formula One's European season at the Spanish Grand Prix in Barcelona earlier this year. Through this partnership, SPG is giving its members unique access to experiences they're most passionate about - be it sports, music or the arts. Through our collaboration, members can connect with their passion for this entertaining world class sport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958785", "title": "Municipal Commissioner Sitaram Kunte bats for chief accountant", "text": "MUMBAI: Municipal Commissioner Sitaram Kunte has come out in support of the civic chief accountant (finance), who was in the line of fire over an internal note which accused the corporators of an illegal nexus with the contractors. Kunte on Thursday backed Ram Dhas and gave him a clean chit in the civic general body.Kunte said the observations made in the internal note were of the retired chief auditor PC Pisolkar and Dhas only reiterated them. \"On January 20, 2011, the then auditor had made these observations in a letter that was addressed to the former commissioner. Besides, the note prepared by Dhas nowhere mentions the presence of a nexus. However, if the note has hurt anyone, he has already apologised. Hence, there is no need to demand his resignation,\" Kunte said.Corporators had asked Dhas to prove his allegations or had demanded his resignation under the 78 C (B) of the MMC act.Under the MMC act section 78 C (B) there is a provision under which an official can be suspended for any misconduct or making false allegations.In March, an internal note prepared by Dhas was made public in the standing committee by Congress corporator Sheetal Mhatre, the note had alleged that corporators abetted malpractices carried out by contractors for ward level civil works, causing large scale corruption and financial malpractices.Corporators also demanded that the remarks made in the note be removed from the civic records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963706", "title": "Popular kids paid more as adults", "text": "The kids most popular in high school turn out to be the highest earners in the workplace as adults, researchers say .According to the study by four scholars writing under the aegis of National Bureau of Economic Research , the more friends you had in high school the greater will be your earning power later on in life. To arrive at that conclusion, the researchers dove into a body of data called the Wisconsin Longitudinal Study (WLS), which, according to its website, is a long-term study of a random sample of 10,317 men and women who graduated from Wisconsin high schools in 1957. A wide range of information about this group has been compiled from the inception of the study through 2008.The scholars restricted their analysis to 4,330 white, male WLS respondents.\"Our main variables of interest are adolescent friendship ties and adult earnings,\" ABC News quoted them as writing.To quantify those friendship ties they looked to see how many 'friendship nominations' a student had received. Apparently if you went to school in Wisconsin in the '50s, you could list the names of fellow students whom you considered to be your friends. The scholars determined which students in the sample had amassed the most nominations. They then looked at the earning power of these same students in adult life.Their conclusion was that the popular kids earned more than their unpopular peers.\"The popularity premium is substantial,\" the authors wrote.\"An increase in the stock of popularity, measured by an additional friendship nomination received in high school, is associated with about 2 percent higher wages 35 years later,\" they wrote.That premium, they write, is roughly equivalent to the benefit enjoyed by students who gained another year of schooling.\"We estimate that moving from the 20th to the 80th percentile of the high school popularity distribution yields a 10 per cent wage premium nearly 40 years later,\" they wrote.They advance several theories for this phenomenon, including that the social connections made by popular students might somehow later serve them in their working lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965779", "title": "People still base first impressions on appearance", "text": "Three in 5 people form their opinion about someone within just five seconds of meeting them, a survey has revealed.More than third respondents said that appearance was everything when forming first impression, the Daily Mail reported.A quarter of those polled admitted that they always evaluate someone by their appearance alone.Those living in the capital are the most likely to \"judge a book by its cover\" with 37 per cent of Londoners reporting that they \"always\" judge someone by their appearance when meeting them for the first time.The people in the south west are the most forgiving with only 17 per cent basing their opinion about someone solely on their appearance.One in ten Britons confessed that they walked out on a first date, as they were turned off by what their prospective partner was wearing or how they looked.A third admitted to judge a colleague on their first day of work based on the clothes they wore.Almost half of Britons revealed that appearance is the prime factor to consider in an interview situation - over experience or qualifications.\"It seems from the research that we are hard wired to make decisions about people based on first impressions,\" a spokesman from Wonga who carried out the survey said.\"This could mean that people are unfairly judged in social and business environments,\" the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16964684", "title": "Robbers who wore khaki arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city police on Thursday claimed to have busted a four-member interstate gang of robbers who looted people posing as cops. The gang has been involved in over 12 robberies in the state.Ludhiana commissioner of police Ishwar Singh said, During a naka on Sahnewal Road, Raja Ram of Moga, Dinesh Kumar of Gidderbaha and Kamaljeet of Faridkot were arrested. Their fourth associate Bhola Nath of Ferozepur is on the run.A country-made 12 bore revolver, two live rounds, Rs 5 lakh and a uniform of a head constable were recovered from their possession. They were travelling in a Tavera, which they used in all their crimes. They had taken the uniforms from a cop, Surjit Singh, who is lodged in Patiala jail.About their modus operandi, he said, They would first trace their prey, who was someone carrying cash in a bus. Then a few of them would travel in the same bus. After sometime, their other accomplice would stop the bus with their Tavera. On the pretext of investigation, the miscreants in uniform would ask their prey to come out and take him in their car. They would then loot him at gunpoint. Their uniforms made their task easy.They have looted people of Rs 1.5 crore in Fatehgarh Sahib, Rajpura, Mandi Gobindgarh and Sirhind, among others. We will bring Surjit Singh from Patiala jail on production warrant. We are trying to nab the fourth accused, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962911", "title": "Choose your favourite Biryani", "text": "TOI presents a list of popular places, which serve authentic dum biryani in Aurangabad, and invites you to vote for your favourite.Abhiruchi Restaurant \"The speciality is matka biryani which is made in pure ghee, in a small utensil called degh, which is sealed with flour paste, and then cooked on the chulha.\" - Sanjay Malkhare, ownerRama International \"The biryani is served with garlic flavoured raita. As the Mughals had a major influence on Aurangabad, the food here has a Hyderabadi touch to it.\" - Dinkar Sardesai, executive chefKhana Khazana \"Our place specialises in chicken dum biryani which is made in Hyderabadi style. The onion rings are stir fried till they turn brown and are grinded and mixed in the masala.\" - Yaser Hashmi, ownerNew Jazeera Our place offers Auragabad special mutton and chicken biryani which is made of authentic spices and herbs.\" - Mirza Aslam Baig, ownerMilan Darbar \"Our Chicken kaju biryani made of dry fruits like cashew nut and almonds is the most popular delicacy served here.\" - Syeed Pasha Miyan, ownerHyderabad Biryani \"The speciality of our biryani is the rich masala which is made of spices like cinnamon, cardamom, almonds, ginger-garlic paste and garnished with saffron.\" - Inayat Shaikh, ownerSagar Biryani \"We serve chicken biryani with three types of rich gravy: white (cashewnut), red (tomato) and green (coconut). The masala has a flavour of green chillies, coriander and mint leaves.\" - Syed Shakeel, ownerChinese Grill \"We started the restaurant in 2008. We do not serve gravy with our special zam zam biryani as it comes with rich masala, which is our specialty.\" - Salim Khan, ownerSkytouch Restaurant \"The preparation is the key. The biryani is cooked for a long time on slow heat over the sigri and that retains the original flavour and aroma.\" - Lokesh Salian &amp; Satish More, ownersIndian Hotel \"We serve Kabsa biryani which is an Arabian dish made by roasting chicken stuffed with green peas. It is cooked in pure ghee which makes it scrumptious.\" - Kaifee Khan, owner", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "16960975", "title": "Before party meet, calls for political reforms in China", "text": "BEIJING: Ahead of the ruling CPC's key Congress to elect a new leadership, calls for political reforms in China's one-party system are getting louder, with a top official saying that the CPC can no longer \"dodge\" the issue citing obstacles.\"We ought to have a sober recognition that we still face many problems in political reforms. You can't dodge the obstacles, but must push forward ,\" Chen Baosheng, cice president of Party School, said during a discussion on a state-run portal.\"So I hope the 18th National Congress can make some new arrangements in this regard,\" said Chen, who worked under Vice President Xi Jinping, the head of the Party School which formulated the ideological course of the CPC. Xi is also tipped to succeed President Hu Jintao.Significantly, Chen's comments were highlighted on the front page of the staterun Global Times, increasing the tempo of hitherto dormant debate about democracy and political reforms often spoken about by outgoing PM Wen Jiabao, who could, however, never get them implemented. Major news portals placed his comments among their top news, which also became one of the most reposted topics on Weibo, it said.With two weeks to go for the party Congress on November 8, political reforms have become one of the most-anticipated topics for the event, the paper said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16960763", "title": "Farmers target housing projects", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Agitating farmers halted under-construction housing projects of various developers in Greater Noida West (Noida Extension) on Thursday and even manhandled the labourers working at the sites. The farmers, who are demanding quick disbursement of enhanced compensation cheques, have threatened that till their demands are met they will not allow any development work in the region. They have also warned of stopping work on housing projects permanently from October 28.Considering the current scenario, developers have demanded security of their under-construction projects even as Greater Noida Authority has remained tight-lipped about the issue. Amrapali group CMD, Anil Sharma, said the administration should give a sense of security to developers as farmers come anytime and disrupt their projects. \"We will meet the Authority CEO and formulate a plan to counter this threat,\" Sharma said.The farmers disrupted projects of developers like Gaur, Paramount, Amrapali, Supertech, Steller, Panchsheel, Rudra, AVJ, Ajanara, among others. Greater Noida Authority CEO, Rama Raman, finally issued a warning late in the evening saying that all development work and compensation distribution would be stopped in the villages if farmers stop construction work.Farmers formed three groups and halted construction work at 11.30am. One section of farmers went towards Ghodi Bacheda village, while another halted housing projects in Greater Noida West. They stopped labourers from working and threatened them with dire consequences if they resumed construction. Some of the labourers were also thrashed. Later, farmers from Chauganpur, Saini, Bisrakh, Emnabad, Khairpur, Roja, Patwadi, Junpad and Ithera-Haibatpur held a panchayat to decided future course of action.\"Our main demand is regularization of abadi and land ownership. The Greater Noida Authority CEO has assured that land of those farmers will be returned where no public project has started. The Authority has been assuring us from the past one year that once the Greater Noida master plan is passed all our issues would be resolved. But even after two months of passing the master plan, none of our issues have been settled,\" said farmer leader, Manvir Bhati.\"Farmers from Noida and Yamuna Expressway area have also joined hands with us. If the Authority does not meet our demands, then a district-wide agitation will be undertaken and projects in all three regions of Greater Noida, Noida and Yamuna Expressway will be halted,\" farmers said.Farmers add that there is a dispute over compensation payment to land nominees. There were farmers who received meagre compensation and died. The Authority is allegedly not issuing the hiked funds to family members of those farmers who have died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964387", "title": "Here And There wins Best Film at 14th Mumbai Film Festival", "text": "'Miss Lovely' wins Best Film in India Gold category; Veteran actress Waheeda Rehman awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award; Spain's 'Blancanieves' directed by Pablo Berger screened as the Closing Film.Highly regarded world over by connoisseurs of cinema and considered among the most promising film festivals in Asia, the 14th Mumbai Film Festival screened a stellar lineup of approximately 230 works of cinematic genius from across the globe at five venues spanning the length and breadth of the city, establishing its credentials as the country's quintessential cinematic platform.The evening saw a grand award function hosted at the National Centre for the Performing Arts (NCPA) that witnessed the honouring of thespian Waheeda Rehman with the Lifetime Achievement Award for an Indian Personality, followed by the conferring of awards to the winners of other competition segments at the festival.\"I'm thrilled to receive this award from MAMI, a body of the industry at an international film hosted in my city Mumbai and that too during the course of the centenary year of Indian cinema\", said the acclaimed actor , \"I dedicate this award to the directors, producers, co-actors, technicians who've been a part of this journey with me.\"The results of the eagerly awaited competition category International Competition for the First Feature Films of Directors led to Aqui Y Alla? ( Here And There) being recognized as the Best Film with a Golden Gateway of India Award and a cash prize of US $ 100,000 collectively awarded to the producer, director &amp; sales agent of the film while the Jury Grand Prize of the Silver Gateway of India Award and cash prize of US$ 50,000 was won by Beasts Of The Southern Wild . The Silver Gateway Award for Best Director was given to Antonio Mendez Esparza for Aqui Y Alla? (Here And There), Silver Gateway Of India Award for Best Actor was handed to Dwight Henry for Beasts of the Southern Wild and Best Actress Award picked up by Julia Garner for Electrick Children . The Jury Award of Technical Excellence being awarded to Pankaj Kumar for Ship Of Theseus . The Special Jury Award was given to Musa Sayeed for Valley Of Saints .In the newly introduced competition section for Indian feature films 'India Gold', Miss Lovely was announced as the Best Film and awarded the Golden Gateway of India Trophy and a cash prize of Rs. 10 lakh while Shahid won the Runner's up to Best Film and Silver Gateway trophy and cash prize of Rs. 5 lakh. The Special Jury Award of a Silver Gateway of India trophy was given to Manjeet Singh for Mumbai Cha Raja . The Reliance Media Works CreaTech (Creativity &amp; Technology) Award was bestowed upon the makers of Miss Lovely , who will be entitled to utilize the resources Reliance Media Works Service Solutions for a value up to Rs.1 lakh.'Celebrate Age' competition category presented in association with the Harmony Silvers Foundation announced Night Boats (Nocni brodovi) by Igor Mirkovic as the Best Film while The Delay (La Demora) by Rodrigo Pla the was awarded as the Runner's -Up to the Best Film. Ping Pong by Hugh Hartford received the Special Mention by Jury.Dimensions Mumbai, a short film competition segment that featured works by young Mumbaikars below the age of 25 years depicting aspects of life in Mumbai announced Local by Bharat Singh Pawar as the Best Film in the category while the Runner's Up to the Best Film was awarded to Aakhon Dekha Haal by Sudhanshu Prakash Sawant. Films Bombay Kulfi by Vaibhav Hiwase and Karwaa by Errol Peter Marks and Aaditya Sawant received the Special Mention by the Jury.Best Film by Mumbai Young Critics was awarded to Beasts of the Southern Wild by Benh Zeitlin. The Hunt was selected as the winner of the Audience Choice Award and given the Silver Gateway Award and US $ 20,000.The eight-day long cinematic extravaganza concluded with the India premiere of Blancanieves , a film by renowned Spanish director Pablo Berger. The event was graced by the presence of luminaries such as Shyam Benegal , Shobha De, Prachi Desai , Goldie Behl, Ila Arun, Kaajal Agarwal among numerous others.In addition to the exquisite cinematic fare, the festival also hosted a superlative assortment of workshops, panel discussions and symposiums / seminars that were most illuminating and insightful for all attending cinephiles and patrons. Having received a phenomenal response yet again, the festival looks brightly towards another year of showing more quality cinema to a wider audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16964707", "title": "Mallya thanks 'Almighty' for losing billionaire tag, hopes it will lead to 'less jealousy'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Liquor baron Vijay Mallya thanked 'the Almighty' on Friday for losing the billionaire status, and hoped that it would lead to \"less jealousy, less frenzy and (less of) wrongful attacks\" on him.Often referred to as 'King of Good Times', Mallya has slipped out of the billionaire league in the Forbes rich list, as \"bad times\" in his aviation business have dragged down his networth to below the $1 billion mark.According to the business magazine's latest list of 100 richest people in India that was published on Thursday, Mallya is now ranked 73rd with a fortune of $800 million (about Rs 4,285 crore) -- a sharp plunge from 49th place last year with a fortune of $1.1 billion.Reacting to the new list, Mallya tweeted this morning: \"Thanks to the Almighty that Forbes has removed me from the so called Billionaires list. Less jealousy, less frenzy and wrongful attacks\".Mallya still ranks well above Naresh Goyal of Jet Airways, who has been ranked at the 94th position with a fortune of $600 million.Cash-strapped Kingfisher Airlines , part of Mallya-led UB Group, is going through the turbulent time for several months now and had to halt operations earlier this month.\"King of good times is having nothing but bad times lately. His (Mallya's) Kingfisher Airlines, weighed down by what is believed to be $2 billion in debt, had its license suspended in mid-October after it apparently failed to address Indian regulator's concerns about its ability to operate,\" Forbes had said on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962910", "title": "Pohare's PCR extended by a day", "text": "NAGPUR: The atmosphere at Kalmeshwar court was rife with tension when a mob of women tried to beat up Deshonnati editor-in-chief Prakash Pohare while he was being brought for second hearing.The women including wife of Rajendra Dupare, who was shot dead at Gondkhairi printing press unit on October 13, had come prepared to assault Pohare.Pohare was arrested, on Tuesday morning, from his farm house at Kaneri village, around 15 kms away from Akola. Earlier, he had been sent to police remand till Thursday by JMFC VI Bhandari. Following a request by the cops, Bhandari, on Thursday, extended Pohare's PCR till Friday. Cops said that Pohare is not cooperating with probe.Assistant public prosecutor said that investigations revealed that the rifle with which the private security guard, Harikrishna Dwivedi, had fired a round at Dupare during the scuffle is registered in West Bengal.The public prosecutor said that Dwivedi had just joined the security agency on the day the fateful incident took place. tnn\"On October 13, Dwivedi was interviewed for the job at the security agency. On the very same day he was selected and also sent along with Pohare,\" he said, claiming that such these links point towards conspiracy.He claimed that despite having Pohare in custody for two days, Kalmeshwar police get any significant information from him.Members of Deshonnatti patrakar shramik sangh said that the investigations by senior police inspector S Mitre is not up to the mark. They demanded Maitre to be replaced with some top officer. It is learnt that Pohare had suffered injury on his hand after he slipped from the stairs at Kalmeshwar police station, on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16962752", "title": "Bhubaneswar stands still as Devi makes final journey", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Thousands congregated to bid farewell to the goddess as she made her way to the city rivers on Thursday. As around 60 idols made the emotional journey accompanied by colourful processions, the city witnessed massive traffic jams on major arterial roads.Police kept a tight vigil on the main immersion routes even as hundreds of revelers danced to the beat of dhols and traditional and folk dance troupes launched into impromptu performances as the deities on board bedecked vehicles started the journey between 4 pm and 6 pm. \"It is an emotional adieu to the goddess,\" said Venkatesh Kumar, a devotee.Around 20 idols took the immersion route from Sahidnagar, passing through Rupali Square, Ram Mandir and heading towards Rajmahal via Master Canteen and Sriya Square. The journey brought traffic on the Janpath to a grinding halt for around three to four hours. \"It took me an hour to cross the Master Canteen Square right next to the railway station,\" said Nabjot Das, a train commuter.Another major procession started from Nayapalli, taking the Gopapandhu chowk, Siripur and Capital Hospital chowk route.A third convoy, taken for the first time in the particular route, started from Chandrasekhapur and was scheduled to terminate at Kalinga Hospital Chowk throwing normal traffic out of gear. Puja pandals located on that particular side of the state capital participated in the journey.The commissionerate of police had made special arrangements for the immersion at Daya and Kuakhai rivers besides at Ganguanala. Traffic was diverted for smooth journey of the deities. \"There was temporary diversion on NH5 due to the procession rush. Similar diversions were made on the procession routes. Everything is going on peacefully,\" said ACP (traffic) Binod Dash.The processions were on till the filing of this report. Over 60 officers, including inspectors and sub-inspectors, besides 25 platoons of police were engaged to manage the crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16962917", "title": "Cops to question pest control firm", "text": "PUNE: The Vishrambaug police on Thursday said they will question the owner of the agency which was hired by the group of students for pest control in their rented flat in Narayan Peth.A first year law student Akash Rajkumar Mehtre of Latur, who was staying in the flat, died after inhaling pesticide fumes on Tuesday.Akash and his roommates on Monday had hired the agency to do pest control in their flat. Akash, who had returned in the afternoon, started vomiting and also complained of dizziness. He had then called his friends, who had rushed him to the Sassoon general hospital , where he succumbed on Tuesday.Speaking to TOI, senior inspector of the Vishrambaug police station, Arjun Sakunde, said, \"The post-mortem report stated that Akash died because of inhaling pesticide fumes.\"Sakunde said the police have recorded the statements of Akash's roommates. \"We will also question the person who runs the pest control agency. We are trying to trace the chemical used by the agency for pest control in Akash's flat,\" he said.Sakunde said Akash's roommate told the police that they used to get pest control done after every three months. The person, who had sprayed the pesticide, had asked them not to enter the room till 8 pm on Monday. \"However, the roommates said Akash had entered the room in the afternoon,\" he said.He said Akash's parents have not lodged any complaint. \"We are now recording the statements. If we find anyone responsible for Akash's death, we will certainly register a case in this regard. So far, we have only registered a case of accidental death,\" Sakunde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16959255", "title": "Preet Bharara vs Rajat Gupta: An Indian-American saga", "text": "WASHINGTON: Two Indian-Americans at the center of one of the most riveting courtroom dramas involving corporate America and the US justice system offered contrasting statements and emotions after an epic battle that has decimated the illustrious career of one and could be the building block for the eventual calling of the other.But even in his moment of success, New York Southern District's Ferozepur, Punjab-born Attorney Preet Bharara could not help expressing a scintilla of admiration and a tinge of regret for the career of a Kolkata-born man he brought down.''With today's sentence, Rajat Gupta now must face the grave consequences of his crime - a term of imprisonment,'' Bharara said in a brief statement that relayed a salutary message sans any triumphalism. Gupta's conduct, he added meaningfully, has forever tarnished ''a once-sterling reputation that took years to cultivate.''''We hope that others who might consider breaking the securities laws will take heed from this sad occasion and choose not to follow in Mr. Gupta's footsteps,'' Bharara said after Judge Rakoff handed down a two-year sentence to the Wall Street titan, far less than the ten years that the prosecution had sought.The reference to Gupta's sterling reputation and the sadness involved in punishing his infractions was unusual for a man who has single-mindedly pursued and punished the financial capers of the once seemingly untouchable money moguls, including the infamous Bernie Madoff and crime bosses like the Gambinos. His exploits put him on the cover of Time magazine under a caption that read ''This Man is Busting Wall Street,'' and his latest success is expected to further add to his resume that many expect will bring him back to Washington and an eventual political career.Bharara served as a chief counsel to New York Senator Chuck Schumer in Washington DC before returning to NYC, where he had previously worked, and many previous New York Attorneys, notably Rudy Giuliani , have gone on to higher political careers.No such light will shine on 63-year old Gupta, who was breaking the glass ceiling at consulting giant McKinsey when Bharara was just graduating from Columbia Law School further uptown.After declining to testify and keeping his own counsel throughout the trial, the Wall Street icon and Indian-American titan poured his heart out in a 727-word court statement laced with heart-wrenching regret and contrition, apologizing to his family, friends, colleagues, peers, and the institutions he was involved with in a dazzling career that took him from the bylanes of Maniktala to the dizzy heights of Manhattan.''The last 18 months have been the most challenging period of my life since I lost my parents as a teenager. I have lost my reputation that I have built over a lifetime. The verdict was devastating to my family, my friends and me. Its implications to all aspects of my life -- personal, professional and financial -- are profound,'' Gupta told Judge Rakoff.Even Judge Rakoff appeared moved, and in a scene reminiscent of one of the courtroom appearances in the film Gandhi, he said: ''The court can say without exaggeration that it has never encountered a defendant whose prior history suggests such an extraordinary devotion, not only to humanity writ large, but also to individual human beings in their times of need.''Although Gupta's legal team is expected to mount further challenges amid continuing questions about the legal validity of government wiretaps, Gupta himself appeared reconciled to spending 24 months in prison once he begins serving early January.''As I come before you to be sentenced, the overwhelming feelings in my heart are of acceptance of what has happened, of gratitude to my family and friends, and of seeking forgiveness from them all,'' he said, concluding, ''It is with these feelings that I hope to move forward and dedicate myself to the service of others.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nalgonda", "code": "16958819", "title": "Two teens die after consuming illicit toddy", "text": "NALGONDA: Two teenagers died after consuming illicit toddy in Nalgonda district on Vijayadasami. The relatives of the deceased staged a dharna at Bangarigadda village in Chandurti mandal on Thursday. Palle Praveen, 14, and Giri Ganesh, 13, who were close relatives, purchased the liquor from Padamatitalla hamlet on Wednesday. Soon after consuming it, they started vomiting and complained of body pain. They were rushed to a private hospital in Hyderabad where they breathed their last. Six coolies, who also consumed the illicit toddy, were taken to Osmania general hospital where their condition is said to be out of danger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16964145", "title": "Substance in allegations against Nitin Gadkari, Shinde says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister Sushilkumar Shinde has said there seems to be \"substance\" in the charges levelled against BJP president Nitin Gadkari for alleged dubious funding of companies owned by him.\"Whatever things are coming up. You people are showing it on TV. It seems there is some substance in it (allegations),\" Shinde told reporters on Friday on the sidelines of a function here.Shinde, leader of Congress party in Lok Sabha, declined to elaborate on it further.Gadkari is facing charges of impropriety over funding of Purti Power and Sugar Limited (PPSL) with media reports claiming that major investments and large loans to the company were made by Ideal Road Builders (IRB) group, which had won contracts between 1995 and 1999, when the BJP chief was PWD minister in Maharashtra.Both ministry of corporate affairs and income tax department are looking into the alleged irregularities involving Gadkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964541", "title": "The hardest part is to seduce on screen: Neha Dhupia", "text": "Actress Neha Dhupia , who will next be seen in'Rush' opposite Emraan Hashmi as a scheming media tycoon, says playing a seductress onscreen is not easy.Dhupia has portrayed bold avatars in films like 'Julie' and 'Ek Chalis Ki Last Local' and 'Raat Gayi Baat Gayi' . 'Rush', directed by late Shamim Desai, released today.\"People say that it must be easy for me to play someone who is ultra glam. However, the hardest part is to seduce on screen. You have to pretend it but make it look real for the audience. It is ironical,\" says Dhupia.\"It is a challenge no less to be seen in this really hot avatar while not quite exposing your skin since you are a woman in a corporate set-up. All credit to my late director and his wife Priya for making me look like that,\" she adds.Hashmi is the central protagonist in the film, which revolves around a media house.\"The film is a journey of Sam (Emraan) who, as an earnest and sincere journalist, wants to bring the right news across to people. However, the core philosophy of the media house where we are employed is to report news which sensationalises. So while Emraan reports, I come in to sensationalise.\"Ironically, the film hasn't quite rushed its way to screens since it was in the making for some time. Still, the makers (Percept Picture) have made sure that it gets a respectable release.\"Credit goes to Shamim who was always ahead of his time. The film has been shot well. It is unfortunate that he is not there to see the release but then his wife Priya, who was also a creative director on the film, came forward and gave it a nice wrap.\"Our producers have supported the final product and the whole unit has been emotionally involved to ensure that 'Rush' finds its due credit,\" says Dhupia.She is hopeful that Emraan's presence in the film would make a huge difference to its fate at the box office.\"You see a different Emraan in the film. Moreover, he is at the best phase of his career and life. We should have a winner in hands,\" says Neha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16958334", "title": "Court grants bail to sacked Khadi board vice-chairman", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sessions judge KK Sharma on Thursday granted interim bail to Natwar Goel, the sacked vice-chairman of Khadi and Gramodyog Board till November 5.He was arrested by Kaiserbagh police after he and his men had assaulted two photo journalists on October 23.Photographer Ashutosh had lodged the FIR on the same day following which the police arrested Natwar and his manager Ravi Singh , while other men managed to escape.In the bail application, Natwar pleaded that he is innocent and has been booked without any evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16964100", "title": "Widow wants 12-yr-old daughter to take up railways job", "text": "BELGAUM: Rathna Hemanth Kuppannavar, wife of railway gangman Hemanth Parashuram Kuppannavar, the only victim in the recent Hubli-Miraj accident, has decided to send her daughter to take up a railways job. In the train derailment at Karkatti village near Tummurguddi hillock between Sulebavi and Suldhal stations on October 1, Kuppanavar, 39, lost his life. As minister of state for railways KH Muniyappa was to visit Belgaum station on October 2, Hemanth, who works at Suldhal station, was on special duty at Belgaum. After completing work, he was returning to Suldhal by the ill-fated train. His body was traced around 1.30am Tuesday.Rathna told TOI: \"My husband was not keen I take up a job. He worked hard to build our children's life. I've decided to send my eldest daughter, Bhagyashree, to the railways. My husband would always think about their future. The eldest daughter, who is 12 years old, will join the railways once she's 18 or after graduation. It all depends on her interest in education. I'll get a pension and hope I can manage the household expenses. After work, my husband would help me in the daily chores. Now, it has become difficult to fill that gap.\"\"Now I have to take up the responsibility of bringing up both our daughters,\"she said. While Muniyappa assured the family a railways job and an ex-gratia sum of Rs 5 lakh, district in-charge minister Umesh Katti assured a compensation of Rs 1 lakh from the government. The family has received only Rs 50,000 from the railways and yet to receive any communication from state government officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16965397", "title": "Post-breakup, youths get the ink off their skin", "text": "LUDHIANA: Madly in love with a girl, Sukhpal Singh, 25, a businessman of Model Town, got her name tattooed on his right arm about a year ago. But after their breakup, he decided to get it removed to start his life afresh. Plastic surgeons say a big chunk of their cases comprises youngsters wanting to get their tattoos removed.Dr Ravindra Tah, senior consultant plastic surgeon at Mediways, says, We get about 10 such cases in a month. Of these, about 20% to 30% are youngsters who want the ink removed before their marriages. Also, there are some who want to get these erased to get a formal look before they join the armed forces or the corporate sector. The number of such cases has doubled two years ago we got five such cases and nowadays we see 10 in a month.So, how are these removed Dr Ashish Gupta, associate consultant of plastic and microvascular surgery at SPS Apollo, says, There are various ways that depend on its depth and size. A superficial tattoo is removed by laser and dermabrasion wherein it is erased by diamond-tipped burr. Deep inks are removed through serial excision (big tattoos are removed in small pieces over a period of time), excision and grafting (removing the tattoo and grafting it). We perform four to five such procedures in a month. Most of the cases, about 70%, comprise boys.Most of our cases include young men who want to get these removed before they join the armed forces. We get four to five of these cases in a month,a?? says Dr Sanjeev K Uppal, head of plastic surgery and burns department at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16961887", "title": "IISc only Indian in employability list", "text": "BANGALORE: The 103-year-old Indian Institute of Science is the only Indian institution which figures in the Global Employability List 2012. The Bangalore institution, which first made it to the list in 2011, has moved up from 134 to 35.The list, whose top 10 are Harvard , Yale , Cambridge, Oxford, Stanford, MIT, Columbia, Princeton, Imperial College of London and Goethe-University Frankfurt, was prepared in collaboration between French consulting firm Emerging and German institute Trendence, which specializes in recruitment.\"Employers are always looking for strong skill sets. Since researchers and doctoral students have strong technical skills in specialized areas, they are much sought after,\" IISc director P Balaram told TOI.Interestingly, Asian universities, particularly Chinese, are creating an ecosystem to foster academic excellence \u2014 Peking University is one among four Chinese varsities in the top 100.Hundreds of companies across the globe were asked for the qualities they looked for in hiring freshers from various academic backgrounds. The study also asked employers to name universities which produced ideal young graduates.The survey was conducted in two stages, involving 2,500 recruiters in 20 countries and active employers from 10 countries. A list of top 150 global institutions was drawn based on the survey.The survey also revealed that soft skills like adaptability, communications, the ability to work under pressure and the ability to work as a team were appreciated more by international recruiters than leadership qualities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16958455", "title": "Suspended APSP cop murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: A suspended AP Special Police constable was murdered in Nizampet on Wednesday.Two persons, including a suspended AP Special Police constable, were murdered in separate incidents in Nizampet and Rajnagar in Jubilee Hills.According to the Kukatpally Housing Board (KPHB) police, Sunkara Suresh, 42, a native of Warangal and resident of Rajiv Swagruha colony, Nizampet, was working as an auto driver after he was suspended from the APSP two years ago.He along with Yogender and Sarveshwara Rao had a party on the occasion of Dasara on Wednesday. There was an altercation between the three. Yogender and Sarveshwara Rao reportedly attacked Suresh with a brick, resulting in his death. The duo went to the police station and surrendered before police.In another case, 40-year-old Laxminarayana, a resident of Rajnagar, was murdered by his neighbour Mohan Kumar after a tiff over parking his car.The Jubilee Hills police said Laxminarayana and Mohan Kumar, a car driver, had an argument over parking the car in front of the former's house. Mohan Kumar hit Laxminarayana with a stick and later threw a boulder on his head killing him on the spot.The Jubilee Hills police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16960712", "title": "For Sun shine, bowling will be key", "text": "CHENNAI: Four wins from 16 games saw Deccan Chargers hit rock bottom in last year's IPL. The new owners, Sun TV Network, who have splurged an annual fee of Rs 85 crore to buy the team, know they have to start from scratch to make it competitive and improve its brand value. Their hopes will hinge on the entry of Pakistani cricketers to boost the bowling attack and the consistency of some of their key Indian players.The Sun management sounds upbeat about its prospects. \" We will be paying only Rs 85 crore (per year) for the next five years. But we expect it to grow three times in valuation in the next five years,\" Vijay Kumar , managing director and CEO of Sun TV Network told a website.But Sun does not have a winning team at the moment. In fact, the Hyderabad-based IPL team has been steadily losing ground since 2009 when it won the tournament in South Africa. BCCI has given them a week's time to decide on the players they want to retain for the forthcoming season. Sun is likely to look for new recruits who would bring a better balance to the team's composition .Those who will be asked to leave will go back into the auction pool. \"We will see how things shape up over the next 24 hours,\" a senior player of the former Deccan Chargers team said.BCCI sources said for now the team has to make do with the current crop of players and those who would be released by other franchisees. Till Thursday evening, the new owners hadn't got in touch with the players.The current team has a few saleable stars like Kumar Sangakkara , Cameron White , Dale Steyn and JP Duminy and the franchisee is bound to go all out to retain them. \"Despite the difficulties, Sangakkara was a great captain for us. The franchisee should look to keep him,\" the source said.Even though the owners were tight-lipped about their future course of action, the general feeling in the IPL fraternity is that the new franchisee will bank on the probable inclusion of Pakistani players. \"The auction will be in February and the Pakistani team will tour India before that. We believe that Pakistani players will also be part of this year's IPL,\" a source said.Bowling has been a weak link for the Hyderabad team and if the Pakistani players come into the picture, the new owners are bound to go for players like Sohail Tanveer and Saeed Ajmal .There's always the chance factor with Pakistani players because they need several levels of clearances, but that's a gamble Kalanithi Maran has to take. According to experts who are in the IPL business, Sun TV will have an approximate annual expenditure of Rs 140 crore. \"Given the current market situation, they will have to bear a loss of close to Rs 30 to 40 crore in the first year... But if the team starts doing well, they will recover the money in the years to come. And for that to happen, they have to take chances with Pakistani players,\" a source pointed out.Among the Indians in the fray, Shikhar Dhawan , Ishant Sharma , Veer Pratap Singh, Parthiv Patel are some of the players who are sure to be retained. \"Last season, they didn't get Ishant's services and that hit them. The likes of Shikhar and Parthiv are very handy and it won't be too bad a team if they get a few more decent players,\" an IPL team official said.Modi explodes on twitterSo finally Sun TV has got an IPL franchise. I had predicted 3 months ago it will be Sun as BCCI president wanted it that way. Can't be a bigger scam than this.Someone should see N Srinivasan's relationship and India Cements' relationship with Sun TV.BCCI is trying to gift team to Srini's pals. Whilst Sahara pays $370 million for its team. This one goes for pennies. How and why ?Does anyone have Sun TV shareholders' list and India Cements' shareholders' list.Next we will see Watch the 6th Edition of India Cements IPL?. Which of course will be structured to go to India Cements.With SUN TV buying the Hyderabad franchise for Rs 85 crore ($15.9 m) per year over a five-year deal, it officially signals the end of the road for Deccan Chargers, who were the IPL Champions in 2009.DC's other marquee playersDaniel Christian (Australia): $900,000 Parthiv Patel (India): Bought for $650,000 Amit Mishra (India): Bought for $300,000 JP Duminy (South Africa ): Bought for $300,000What happens to the players?Their contracts with Deccan Chargers was up to 2013 - IPL 6 .Now, with the franchise folding up, the new franchise (Sun TV) will pay these players for IPL 6 (year 2013) and will most likely play with the same team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16965208", "title": "State government sanctions Rs 45 crore for Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: The old city area may look up to get better civic amentities in the days to come with the expenditure and finance committee (EFC) of the state government sanctioning Rs 29 crore for the locality.In all the committee has given the nod to three more development projects worth Rs 45 crore for the city.Rs 29 crore has been sanctioned for the construction and repair of roads and drains in the old city alone. Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , had announced this development package for old Lucknow four months ago.Besides repairing old CC roads, the amount will be spent on strengthening the waste and sewage disposal system in the area.The two other projects that received the EFC's nod also include widening of the railway underpass near Haathi Park. The narrow underpass is a major hurdle that hampers smooth flow of traffic on the route. It would be widened by seven metres and converted into a four-lane road at a cost of around Rs 6.50 crore.Another Rs 10 crore plan has been drafted to widen the Faizullaganj-PuraniaAliganj-Sitapur Road stretch by six metres.This would be a major relief for commuters, who are often caught in a traffic jam because of the construction of new railway over bridge in the region, an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16960015", "title": "Nip's in air, winter a few weeks away", "text": "KOLKATA: As Kolkata bids adieu to the Goddess, northerly winds greet the city. There is already a nip in the air and after getting soaked in the rain-free festival, it is time to look forward to winter.The night temperature dipped a few degrees below the normal mark over the last few days. On Wednesday the Alipore Met office recorded a minimum temperature at 20.7 degrees Celsius - two degrees below normal - although the maximum temperature was one degree above normal at 32.6 degrees.\"The weather will remain comfortable and pleasant for the next few days. But it could be temporary. We are watching out for changes in a few weather parameters. If that happens there is the possibility of the mercury rising slightly above normal,\" said Kolkata Regional Meteorological Centre director G C Debnath. The weather office had predicted sunny and fair weather for the Puja and got it right.It is already snowing in the northern parts of the country. The cold northerly wind has started blowing across the eastern region but the Met office says it is not strong enough to bring in the chill factor. There's still a few weeks before you can pull out your woolens from the wardrobe.\"You can feel the nip in the air, especially in the early mornings and at night. It is wonderful to get this signal that winter could be round the corner. I am just waiting for the chill to arrive to flaunt the new woollen dresses that I picked up from abroad recently,\" said Meghna Pandey of Lake Town.The transition period in October-end and November often sees severe cyclonic storms over the Bay of Bengal that bring heavy rainfall to Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960529", "title": "Madam G behind a happy Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: The festive season, despite an overcast political climate, may have infused some cheer in the UPA brass with the PM looking a lot more relaxed than he has been in public and during official meetings.Usually a reserved figure, Manmohan Singh's humour was in evidence at Ramlila Ground here on Wednesday when he shared a hearty laugh with Congress chief Sonia Gandhi after he prefaced lifting a bow to \"shoot\" the Ravana effigy by wondering if the arrow would strike the target. The arrow, of course, did not miss. If there was a hint of sly mischief in the remark given the PM's resolve to steer a fresh wave of reforms aimed at lifting Congress's electoral fortunes, it was left unstated.The onstage moment did reflect Singh's rapport with Sonia, but the PM's recent calm is also being attributed to a greater certitude over policy choices after the Congress chief backed FDI in multi-brand retail and fuel price hikes.A show of strength in Delhi on November 4 is expected to present a united front over reforms, which is seen to be critical for reviving the economy and providing revenues for politically significant welfare programmes like food security, national health mission, rural job guarantee and right to education.It is fair to say that the PM is not easily flustered. But the Coalgate controversy did see him strike an emotional chord while reacting to harsh criticism from India Against Corruption activists, saying the country could punish him if there was any truth in the allegations.Sonia's support for reforms is not likely to be unconditional as her recent injunction against any dilution of the consent bar in the land acquisition bill shows. In the wake of graft controversies, she is perhaps even more mindful of the need to protect her image as a benefactor of the \"aam aadmi\".Yet, nerves have eased up a bit. However, the peace can evaporate as Parliament's winter session could resuscitate Coalgate. Delhi's political weather is harder to forecast than a fickle monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16963988", "title": "4-year-old raped in Jaipur; accused arrested", "text": "JAIPUR: A four-year-old girl was raped by a youth in RIICO Industrial Area on Wednesday. After the rape, the accused allegedly gave her Rs 100 and told her to keep mum. However, the girl, who sustained injuries, reached home and narrated the incident to her mother.According to the police, the incident took place early on Wednesday morning. \"The girl lives in a slum area in RIICO Residential Colony. A company has rented a guest house in front of the hut in which the girl and her parents stay. A 28-year old man, Pramod Kumar, was working as a cook-cum-caretaker and was staying in one of its rooms,\" said SHO, Sanganer Sadar, Subhash Chand. He added that Pramod lured the girl into his room in the guest house on Wednesday morning and raped her. \"He gave her Rs 100 and told her not to report the incident to anyone,\" said the officer.The SHO added that the girl went home and when her mother saw Rs 100 note in her possession, she became suspicious. \"Then the mother saw some blood stains on her dress. The girl took her parents to Pramod's room where he was sleeping. An FIR was registered by the girl's parents following which we arrested him,\" said the officer.The girl's statement has been recorded. \"We have also conducted a medical examination of the girl which proved that she was raped,\" the officer said. The accused hails from Madhubani district in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960157", "title": "Argument over women\u2019s wear turns bloody", "text": "NEW DELHI: A casual discussion on what is appropriate attire for Indian women between two friends turned violent and one of them stabbed the other.According to police, the incident took place on Tuesday outside the Royal Plaza Hotel in Connaught Place. The victim has been identified as Inderpal Singh (25), a taxi driver. He was having a conversation with his friend Gulzar Singh, another taxi driver on the what Indian women should wear.A police officer said, \"Gulzar got hyper and started abusing Inderpal. To avoid the argument, Inderpal chose to leave the place. However, Gulzar stopped him and started beating him up. While Inderpal tried to resist, Gulzar took out a knife from his pocket and stabbed him in his abdomen\".An injured Inderpal managed to flee and called police. He was rushed to RML hospital where doctors said he was stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16960861", "title": "Gujarat high court fines litigant twice for wasting court's time", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has imposed a penalty of Rs 10,000 twice on a litigant for frivolous litigation and for wasting court's time with his so-called knowledge, more particularly of the English language.A retired officer of the Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers Company (GNFC) Chunilal Bhayani continued to argue and waste court's time despite court's clear instructions to him to establish his claims that he was general secretary of the GNFC officers' association. When Bhayani was arguing as party-in-person in an appeal, a bench of Justice D H Waghela and Justice Z K Saiyed asked him to prove that he was an elected office-bearer of the association.However, Bhayani did not furnish any document and expressed a desire that his case be shifted to another bench.This led the division bench to dismiss his appeal last week and to ask him to deposit the amount of fine with the court registry within a month's time.This was not for the first time that Bhayani invited the HC's wrath. Bhayani was arguing a case as party-in-person before Justice R R Tripathi earlier this year. The judge patiently heard him, but Bhayani often strayed out of scope of litigation talking about his family despite repeated reminders from the court to restrict himself to the issue.The court was also irked with Bhayani's tactic to prolong the case as after every order, he filed an affidavit. In this manner, his eight-page petition turned into a 324-page volume by end of the arguments.Fed up with Bhayani's lengthy arguments that had little to do with the case and \"faulty understanding of law\" as per the court, the judge quoted a Supreme Court guideline laid down for \"regulating conduct of party-in-person, who with his so-called knowledge, more particularly of the English language, wasted time of the court.\"The court also noted that it was a frivolous petition and filed only with a view to see that sufficient pressure was brought on the company to settle his personal score. At one point, Bhayani used \"unparliamentary language\" for the company's lawyer, the court recorded in its order.Finally, while imposing a penalty of Rs 10,000, the court opined that Bhayani's case was required to be referred for investigation in the matter of existence of GNFC Officers' Association, its members, elections, if any and other activities of this association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kullu", "code": "16960818", "title": "It's Dussehra v/s politics for Maheshwar Singh", "text": "KULLU: With just nine days left for Himachal assembly elections and Kullu Dussehra forcing him to be there all seven days, Himachal Lokhit Party (HLP) chief Maheshwar Singh who is also the chhadivardar of Lord Raghunath (Lord Rama), the presiding deity of weeklong Dussehra festivities, is in an unexplainable dilemma.Maheshwar Singh, who is contesting assembly polls from Kullu has a tight schedule and is to help other HLP candidates in their campaigns. But, he has to be present at the Dussehra venue every day. Now, that he is not finding time for his own campaigns, his supporters are worried a lot. Dussehra would conclude on October 30, only four days before the elections, and only then would he be able to reach out to his voters.According to Gupt Ram Sharma, priest of Lord Raghunath, Dussehra festivity starts and ends only in presence of Maheshwar Singh, the scion of erstwhile raja of Kullu. \"Every morning he performs puja and every afternoon the jaleb (procession) of Maheshwar Singh makes a round of the entire Dussehra ground and visits deities in their camps. He would again perform the special rituals in the last day of festivity,\" he said.Now, Maheshwar Singh has little time during mornings and evening for campaigns, but he cannot cover long distances. Though he can campaign outside the Dussehra venue, but he believes the deities' presence has already blessed his party and he would follow strict guidelines of the election commission. An HLP leader said Singh has already completed his homework and visited almost all constituencies before Dussehra. \"Though the festivity is causing losses to our party, blessings of hundreds of deities are with us,\" he said.EC records activities of Maheshwar Singh in DussehraThe election commission is keeping a close watch over the activities of Maheshwar Singh to ensure that he is not misusing his religious powers in weeklong Dussehra in campaigning for the elections. His all public activities are being recorded. All ministers and netas are maintaining distance from Dussehra after the strict guidelines by EC. As presence of Maheshwar Singh, chhadivardar of lord Raghunath, is mandatory, he is being filmed to check his interaction with the public. EC wants to be sure that Singh is not campaigning in Dussehra and is keeping his political life separate from his religious life.After knowing that Maheshwar Singh is being followed by a camera in Dussehra, people from religious community have expressed resentment. Mehar Chand Sharma, a priest, says deities bow their heads in front of Singh and he has a prime place in the festivity, so his religious side should not be interfered by any agency. \"He visits many religious places, temples and camps of deities where even hidden cameras should not be allowed. But we are helpless,\" he said.Hem Raj Sharma, another priest, said, \"Dussehra is looking like a political battlefield where there are no speeches or banners, but still linking of Maheshwar Singh with politics is triggering winds of politics.\"Earlier, Singh had said that he would obey all rules and instructions of election commission and had sworn not to bring politics to Dhalpur Dussehra ground. Kullu sub-divisional magistrate Vinay Dhiman said administration is acting according to the instructions by election commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958913", "title": "Cable operators threaten stir against digitization process", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's cable operators have warned the Centre that they will oppose the digitization process \"if the interest of the industry is not protected\".\"The Union government had promised that while making digitization mandatory, the interest of the cable industry and consumers will be protected,\" Anil Parab, Cable Operators' Association president, said on Thursday.\"The business was in the hands of cable operators. But according to the new policy, the trade will be under the control of multi-system operator and the role of cable operators will be limited to collecting money,\" he added.Operators will meet for the second time on Friday to decide the future course of action. \"At the meeting, we will take a final call on the issue. If our demands are not heard, those in the industry will be forced to come on the street and protest against the Centre's policy,\" he said.The deadline for cable TV digitization in Mumbai, Kolkata, Delhi and Chennai is October 31. Recently, the Union ministry of information and broadcasting issued a release claiming that it has achieved over 80% digitization in four metros.\"The figures released by the government are not correct. The setup box has reached godowns of private players in the industry and not in every household. Many people will protest if they stop receiving cable signals. Considering all the hurdles in implementing the policy, the Centre should extend its deadline till the issues are sorted out,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16965279", "title": "Honing skills in the countryside", "text": "LUDHIANA: The gen-next is not interested in the orthodox chalk and board lectures and neither do they like to jot down notes or mug up their syllabus books and guides just to pass exams. This disinterest is being innovatively dealt with by the faculty at Punjab College of Technical Education (PCTE).As part of the business communication curriculum, the students are not asked to mug up the communication models, but are sent to the real world to develop communication skills. They are sent to a different village every month without mobile phones or money and are asked to bargain commodities like paper or pen for ration using their communications skills. Business communication is a subject for first year students of MBA and PGDM courses at PCTE. The curriculum includes an activity called a??barter chartera, conceived and developed by Harpreet Kang, deputy dean, PCTE, during which the students convince villagers to exchange a product in return for something they need during their time there.Shruti Sharma, 26, an assistant professor at PCTE B-School says, The idea behind barter charter was to let students develop their communication and selling skills, because practical experience can train them better.a??The students have responded amazingly to the concept and they surprise us each time coming back with some nice stuff just in exchange of a pen or paper,a?? says another assistant professor from PCTE, Rajesh Chandran, 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959764", "title": "Jail for youth who shot at rickshaw puller", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth has been sentenced to seven years in jail by a court for trying to kill a rickshaw puller by opening fire at him for demanding fare.District judge (DJ) J R Aryan also imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on northeast Delhi resident Furkan after holding him guilty of attempting to murder 33-year-old Ashok, who died later during the trial of the case.\"The victim (Ashok) was a rickshaw puller and a firearm bullet injury was caused to him by the accused (Furkan) when he demanded rickshaw fare for ferrying the accused and two other boys in his rickshaw. \"The offence is grave and the circumstances in which it has been committed suggest a depraved brain committed to criminal activity,\" the court said.Ashok was shot at his head and was rushed to a hospital from where he was discharged a few days later after his condition turned stable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16960835", "title": "Court order on granting Zakia time to file protest petition next week", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The metropolitan court, which hears on the SIT's closure report on Zakia Jafri's complaint, has kept October 30 to decide whether it should wait for the clarification Jafri has sought from the Supreme Court (SC) about scope of investigation on her compliant and defer its order on filing of protest petition till then.Metropolitan magistrate B J Ganatra has asked Zakia, widow of former Congress MP Ehsan Jafri, to file protest petition, if she wishes to, against the clean chit given to chief minister Narendra Modi and others in connection with the 2002 riots. Her counsel S M Vora has been seeking more time to study the 25,000-page closure report, but the SIT has objected to this proposal.Amidst arguments that SIT does not have any right to interfere between court and complainant, Zakia raised objection to one of court's interpretations that the investigation pertains to the Gulbarg Society massacre case. She claims that her complaint and SC's direction for probe were in connection with larger conspiracy that was behind the post-Godhra riots.Advocate Vora on Thursday submitted before the court that it should wait for the clarification from the apex court, for the lower court may not overlook any clarification in this regard while proceeding ahead on closure report. Magistrate Ganatra has kept his decision on this issue pending till October 30. The court kept the issue on this day, for the complainant contended that the vacation in the apex court ends on October 29.Meanwhile, the complainant placed a letter showing that Zakia has filed the petition for clarification from the SC about the scope of SIT's probe. She has also sought clarification on whether the SIT was liable to place relevant documents or entire material before the magisterial court. This is because Zakia claims that she has been denied the copy of SIT member A K Malhotra's interim report, in which the cop's opinion was different from the SIT's conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16960819", "title": "Here\u2019s a flu vaccine that melts in your mouth", "text": "LONDON: No more needles! Scientists have developed a new method of administering vaccines by simply placing them under your tongue where they disappear.Researchers said a variety of vaccines can be delivered directly into the bloodstream via a soluble film placed under the tongue, without using the painful injections.The 'oral vaccine' technique was developed after scientists discovered they could use 'good bacteria' to administer various vaccines including flu and tuberculosis, the Daily Mail reported.\"Rather than requiring needle delivery vaccines based on Bacillus spores can be delivered via a nasal spray or as an oral liquid or capsule,\" Simon Cutting, of Royal Holloway, University of London, said.\"Alternatively they can be administered via a small soluble film placed under the tongue in a similar way to modern breath fresheners.\"As spores are exceptionally stable , vaccines based on Bacillus do not require cold-chain storage alleviating a further issue with current vaccine approaches,\" Cutting said.In addition to being less painful than jabs, oral vaccines are also safer to administer \u2014 especially in countries where HIV is a major concern.These type of vaccines will be more cost effective to make and easier to keep fresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16962931", "title": "Railways fines cattle owner fined for letting animals on railway track", "text": "PUNE: The owner of four cattle, which were run over by a train near Talegaon last week, has been sentenced to a day's jail and a fine of Rs 3,000 by a railway court holding him responsible for delaying a few trains and cancellation of two local trains.Three buffaloes and a bullock belonging to Tanaji Baban Padwal (27), a resident of Navlakh Umbre near Talegaon, came under the Chennai-Mumbai express on the midnight of October 16. The remains of the cattle got stuck in the wheels of the engine. The railway personnel had a tough time removing them. As a result, the train was delayed by over four hours while several other trains between Mumbai and Pune were also rescheduled. Two suburban trains between Pune and Lonavla had to be cancelled.The railway protection force investigated the incident and traced the cattle owner. Padwal was booked under the provisions of the Railway Act.Railway officials said that cattle owners take their animals to green areas near rail tracks for grazing. Many a times, the cattle are run over by trains. However, such incidents need to be prevented as they may lead to train accidents, said the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16962892", "title": "Man who stole 40 scooters held", "text": "PUNE: The Swargate police on Wednesday arrested a man who would steal women's scooters by posing as a mechanic.The suspect, Pravin alias Pintya Pandurang Rangole (29) of Parvatidarshan, would stand by the roadside looking for a prospective trap. On seeing a woman on a two-wheeler, he would waive at her to say that the nut and bolt of the scooter's rear wheel has come loose. Once the vehicle stopped, Rangole would tell the woman that he was a mechanic and could help. Rangole would then pretend to tighten the nut. Then on the pretext of a 'trial run', he used to run away with the vehicle. But he never kept the vehicle. Rangole would look for valuables and cash in the dickey and later abandon the vehicle. By his own admission, he stole at least three vehicles a day.The police have recovered a scooter and cell phone collectively worth Rs 38,000 from Rangole. Senior police inspector of the Swargate police station Ram Pathare said that with the arrest they have detected nine similar cases. However, Rangole told the police that he had stolen 40 vehicles in the last two months. Pathare said that only nine cases were registered with the police since most of the victims had found their vehicles abandoned in different parts of the city.Pathare said the police were trying to trace the suspect since last one and a half months. \"The women duped had given detailed description of Rangole to the police. Constable Yogesh Jagtap got a tip-off that the person of the given description used to come near Gultekdi every day. We laid a trap and nabbed him on Wednesday,\" said Pathare.Investigations have revealed that Rangole used to steal cash and cell phones from the stolen scooters and abandon the vehicles in parking lots of different buildings. \"The suspect is claiming that he had stolen about 40 scooters in last two months by posing as a mechanic,\" Pathare said.Pathare said that after riding for some distance, Rangole used to take the cell phone, cash and other valuables kept in the dickey of the scooter and then used to target another woman by using similar modus. \"Every day he used to steal valuables from at least three scooters,\" he said.Rangole is an alcoholic. He earlier worked as a driver, but was jobless for the last few years. When his family members stopped giving him money, Rangole started stealing scooters. He was produced in the court on Thursday and remanded in police custody till October 29.The investigating team comprised constables Vijay Salvi, Jagannath Gore, Sachin Kale, Harish More, Anil Ghadge, Shakil Shaikh, Amjad Pathan and Sandip Suryavanshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963118", "title": "Jessica Biel changing surname to Timberlake", "text": "Newlywed Jessica Biel is ready for all the changes that come with married life - including taking her hubby Justin Timberlake's last name as her surname.The 30-year-old actress who wed the 'Friends with Benefits' star on October 19 in Italy said, \"Yes, I'm changing my name.\"\"My professional name will still be the same, but for life, yes , I think it sounds great,\" People magazine quoted her as saying.\"I think I really won the jackpot of names,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16963793", "title": "Sanjan day celebrations: Important trains to stop at Sanjan station on November 17", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In order to facilitate members of Parsi community to attend the celebration of the historic annual Sanjan Day, Western Railway will provide stoppage at Sanjan railway station.The Mumbai Central - Ahmedabad Gujarat Express and Mumbai Central - Surat Flying Ranee Express will halt at Sanjan railway station on November 17.The decision was taken to facilitate the people coming for the celebration.The Parsi residents of Sanjan celebrate Sanjan Day to commemorate the historic landing of the Parsis on the Indian soil at Sanjan 1294 years ago.Located between Mumbai and Surat, Sanjan is the history place for the community.When the Parsis first landed at Sanjan, it was the kingdom of Jadi Rana.The King, apprehensive of tall, fair and warrior like foreigners sent a bowl full of milk, implying that there was no place for the Parsis in his kingdom.The leader of Parsi community, Dastoor Neryosang Dhaval added sugar to the milk and sent the bowl back to the king.This action implied that just as sugar mixed with milk added taste and flavour to it, Parsis will mix with the local people and be an asset to the kingdom.Sanjan Day is celebrated to remember the reverence and gratitude the noble Hindu king Jadi Rana who gave Parsis shelter in his kingdom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16963681", "title": "Lawyer complains to CJ about CM's 'court' statement", "text": "PANAJI: An advocate has urged the chief justice of the Bombay high court to initiate contempt of court proceedings against chief minister Manohar Parrikar for his alleged statement 'against the judiciary' while talking about the closure of mining in the state.In a letter addressed to chief justice Mohit Shah, a Ribandar-based lawyer, Aires Rodrigues, has drawn the attention of the high court to the statement by Parrikar-\"I have strong objection to the courts ruling like this (referring to the interim order on mining activities)\".The advocate said that the chief minister ought to have known where to drawthe line and respect other wings of democracy.Rodrigues also pointed out that the Bombay high court had accepted an apology tendered by Parrikar when he was the chief minister in 2003,on a petition seeking instituting ontempt proceedings in connection with a statement made by him (Parrikar) about judges.According to Rodrigues, the division bench while accepting the apology had observed, \"We may only point out that democracy survives only in those countries where the rule of law prevails and the judiciary is acknowledged as the sentinel for guarding citizens' rights. To further this constitutional objective, constitutional functionaries must accept the role cast on the judiciary in the constitution and seek to strengthen it\".Rodrigues also alleged that it is now clear that there has not been any change in the mind or attitude of the chief minister towards the judiciary and the apology tendered in 2003 appeared to be superficial and not genuine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965593", "title": "Sonu Sood in Ram Charan\u2019s Zanjeer", "text": "Sonu Sood will be stepping into the shoes of Pran for the iconic role of Sher Khan, in the Telugu version of Zanjeer remake. Sources say that since Sonu Sood is a familiar face in Telugu movies and south, the makers have decided to go ahead with him while Sanjay Dutt will be essaying the same role for the Hindi version.Further, it was also reported that Zanjeer will have a special promotional song to be shot on Ram Charan and Priyanka Chopra. Reports say that the unit will shoot this song in January 2013 and it'll be a fresh song altogether and is not a remixed version.Directed by Apoorva Lakhia, Zanjeer stars Ram Charan, who will step into the shoes of Amitabh Bachchan while Priyanka Chopra will reprise Jaya Bachchan's role of Mala in the revenge drama. The next schedule (20 days) of Zanjeer will commence in November in Hyderabad after which the unit will return back to Mumbai in December for another schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16963287", "title": "Repairing environment in 3 districts to cost Rs 30k cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rehabilitation of the environment in Bellary, Chitradurga and Tumkur districts - ravaged by illegal mining of iron ore - will require Rs 30,000 crore over the next 30 years, the Supreme Court was informed.Submitting a rehabilitation plan, the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) said: \"The project period is planned to be 30 years and the current financial year (2012-13) has been taken as the preparatory year for the plan project. Financial year 2013-14 has been taken as the first year of the project and the financial year 2043-44 would be the last year. The proposed cost is about Rs 30,000 crore.\"The CEC report, submitted through amicus curiae and advocate ADN Rao, added: \"During the first five years of the project, an amount of about Rs 9,347 crore is expected to be available for transfer to the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV). The SPV will be constituted under the chairmanship of Karnataka chief secretary to implement the environment management plans.\"Even on a conservative basis, the total amount expected to be available exceeds the planned project cost of Rs 30,000 crore by about Rs 2,847 crore,\" the CEC said. This would be recovered from mine lease holders over the years.The CEC has submitted a lease-wise plan for reclamation and rehabilitation of areas found under illegal mining and also a Supplementary Environment Management Plan (SEMP). The report, prepared by member-secretary M K Jiwrajika, said: \"It has been decided to prepare and implement Comprehensive Environment Plan for Mining Impact Zone (CEPMIZ)for the areas surrounding the mining leases.\"On the funding of the environment management plan, the CEC said it would come from 10% sale proceeds of existing stock of category 'A' mining leases (least illegal), 15% sale proceeds of stocks of category 'B' mine leases (rampant illegal mining), 10% sale proceeds of iron ore produced by 'A' &amp; 'B' category mines after they resume production, and compensation receivable from 'B' category mines.\"The entire project cost is proposed to be met from monies received/receivable pursuant to the directions passed by the Supreme Court in the Karnataka illegal mining case and which are in addition to the monies that are received/ receivable under the provisions of the existing acts/ rules/ guidelines, etc,\" the CEC said.Under the polluter pays principle, the CEC proposed recovering the entire amount from the lease holders and not seeking any grant from the government.Seeking the apex court's approval of the plan, the CEC said it would \"provide for mitigating measures in the mining impact zone, ameliorative measures for socio-economic development, infrastructure development, forest and wildlife conservation, health, education and other measures to ensure inclusive growth of the project area and an effective monitoring and evaluation mechanism\".In its earlier report, the CEC had estimated that illegal mining in the three districts might have cheated the state of Rs 50,000 crore in taxes and other levies. It had told the SC that the mining syndicate which thrived across regimes had reported to the authorities that they were taking out just 50 million tonnes of iron ore every year whereas inspections showed that another 30-40 million tonnes of ore was illegally mined and siphoned off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962539", "title": "Experts root for injectable polio vaccine", "text": "Revised guidelines recommend sequential schedule of injectable as well as oral vaccine to deliver final blow and rid country of polio completely.With India aiming to achieve 'polio-free nation' status, immunization experts are now stressing on the importance of administering Injectable Polio Vaccine (IPV) along with Oral Polio Vaccine (OPV).The Indian Academy of Pediatricians (IAP), in their revised guidelines, have recommended a sequential IPV-OPV schedule to deliver the final blow to the polio virus and be rid of it completely.The country has not reported any case of polio since January 2011 and was taken off the list of polio endemic nations by the World Health Organisation earlier this year. But, in order to be declared completely poliofree, India will have to maintain the status until 2014.\"Implementing the sequential IPVOPV schedule will give us the hundred per cent immunity that we need right now,\" said pediatrician Dr Nitin Shah of Hinduja Hospital, who is part of IAP's immunization committee. \"We have already forwarded our revised guidelines to the government for consideration,\" he added.Doctors say that while OPV has proved extremely beneficial, the vaccine carries risk of vaccine-associated paralytic polio (VAPP) and vaccinederived polio virus (VDPV) as side effects. Though such side effects are one in four million doses, it is still unacceptable.\"The cases of side effects are not reported as polio, though there are between 80 to 160 cases each year,\" said Dr Shah, adding that administering IPV would mean immunity to the wild polio virus as well as vaccine derived polio virus.While pointing out that Mumbai has not reported a single case of polio for the last three years,\" Medical Director Dr Y K Amdekar of Parel's Wadia Hospital said, \"We shouldn't be complacent about our achievement so far. It's necessary to deliver the final blow to the wild polio virus by using double protection with IPV as well as OPV in sequential format.\"Dr Kishore Harugoli, who is in charge of BMC's pulse polio drive, said that the OPV schedule which was followed stringently for years has proved extremely effective in the city, despite the extremely high immigration rate. He, however, said, \"So far we have no instructions from the government on the introduction of IPV.\"What experts recommendWith each dose of Injectable Polio Vaccine (IPV) costing approximately Rs 700, the total programme would amount to Rs 2,800. The sequential IPV-OPV schedule advocated by IAP is:At birth: OPV6 weeks: IPV10 weeks: IPV14 weeks: IPV6 months: OPV9 months: OPV15 months: IPVJyoti.Shelar @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963678", "title": "Lactation protein suppresses tumours in breast cancer", "text": "A study including Indian origin researchers have shown that a protein that is necessary for lactation in mammals also acts as a tumour suppressor in breast cancer .The protein, called Elf5, inhibits the critical cellular transition that is an early indicator of breast cancer and metastasis, according to the research conducted at the University at Buffalo and Princeton University .\"This is the first confirmed report that this protein, called Elf5, is a tumour suppressor in breast cancer,\" explained Satrajit Sinha, PhD, associate professor of biochemistry in the UB School of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences and a corresponding author on the paper with Yibin Kang, PhD, in the Department of Molecular Biology at Princeton University.The researchers said the findings provide new avenues to pursue in treating and diagnosing breast cancer and possibly cancers of other organs as well. The paper includes findings from both animal and human breast cancer models.Under normal circumstances, Elf5 is a transcription factor that controls the genes that allow for milk production. But when the researchers used knockout mice developed at UB, in whom Elf5 was removed, they found more than just an inability to produce milk. They found that epithelial cells in the mammary glands also became more mesenchymal, that is, more like stem cells, an early harbinger of cancer, Sinha said.\"We found that when Elf5 levels are low or absent, epithelial cells become more like stem cells, morphing into mesenchymal cells, changing their shape and appearance and migrating elsewhere in the body. This is how cancer spreads,\" said Sinha.The UB-Princeton collaboration began when lead author Rumela Chakrabarti, PhD, originally a postdoctoral researcher in Sinha's laboratory at UB, took a position in the laboratory of Yibin Kang, PhD, Warner-Lambert/Parke-Davis Professor of Molecular Biology at Princeton, whose research focus is breast cancer metastasis. This allowed Chakrabarti to harness the expertise of the two laboratories to generate such a breakthrough finding.\"Elf5 keeps normal breast cells in their current shape and restricts their movement,\" stated Chakrabarti.She found that the protein accomplishes this by suppressing the epithelial-mesenchymal transition by directly repressing transcription of Snail2, a master regulator of mammary stem cells known to trigger the EMT.\"Elf5 keeps Snail2 repressed, but once Elf5 is lost, then there is nothing to repress Snail 2,\" she explained.The researchers noted that Elf5 loss is frequently detected early in the disease at the breast hyperplasia stage, when the number of cells increases. In experiments conducted by the Princeton scientists, the researchers also found that little or no Elf5 in human breast cancer samples correlated with increased morbidity.\"It seems that loss of Elf5 is an initial event in the disease, so it could also be an important diagnostic tool,\" Sinha noted, which is a current focus of the UB and Princeton team.The research was reported in November issue of Nature Cell Biology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16958481", "title": "Andhra Pradesh treasury strike proves expensive", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The state treasury employees' strike called by the treasury employees' JAC across the Seemandhra region on Thursday cost the government a whopping Rs 200 crore in just one day. The employees walked out of their office premises to organise a pen-down strike.Sub-treasury officer P Shankar, who is also district secretary of AP Treasury Services Association, made it clear that the strike would continue till the government accepted their demands. The major demands include filling of promised additional posts, removal of the term 'accountant' and replacing it with 'auditor', increase in allowance and reinstating of former director NC Nagarjuna Reddy etc.Shankar said the strike was called after their talks with the government failed on the October 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16958396", "title": "Goat-sellers in city take e-route this Eid-ul-Zuha", "text": "LUCKNOW: Buying a goat for offering sacrifice on Bakrid has become a lot simpler this year. No more tedious search for the right pick or haggling over the price with the sellers. Just sit in home, log on to an online trade site and you can buy the goat at the click of a mouse.Cashing in on the growing e-trend, some online trading sites are offering goats on sale for Bakrid. One of them, in fact, has a wide base of 800-odd goats.Multazam, who hails from a carpet weavers family of Bhadohi, has placed an advertisement on one such site. He is offering a 90 kg one-year-old black goat for sale. He has also attached a picture of the goat to attract buyers. \"I placed the ad just three days ago and the response has been overwhelming,\" he shared. On choosing the e-route, he said, \"I wanted to avoid the unnecessary negotiations with buyers but callers are bargaining.\" So far he has not been able to finalise a deal, perhaps because he is seeking Rs 45,000 for the goat in addition to the transportation cost.The carpenter brother duo of Shamshad and Dilshad from Moradabad, too, have put up an ad on a trading website. The brothers claim since their two-year-old goat, that weighs about 60 kg, is divine, they are demanding Rs three lakh. \"The black goat bears a religious mark on its back. The rate is high but it's negotiable and includes the transportation cost,\" said Ashok Kumar Bhatia who has given the ad for their family friend. An Amroha-based goat farm is also looking for buyers through internet. Their brief advertisement claims that they are supplying high quality goat meat of janumapari, barbari and sirohi varieties. Similarly, there are sellers from Azamgarh and Lucknow too.The Muslim natives of Lucknow have given a mixed reaction to the online trend. Some have apprehensions regarding the timely delivery and getting the same goat that was asked for. Others natives, who are not computer savvy, find it conflicting with religion. Aishbagh Eidgah and cleric Islamic Center of Orlando, Florida, Naib Imam Tariq Rasheed Firangi Mahli, however, said that there is nothing wrong in buying the meat for sacifice from the internet.\"Maqsad Qurbani hai, kharid ka zariya nai\" (aim is sacrifice not the route of buying the animal),\" he said. The cleric added that, \"Online route will in fact make things easier for people.\" He said the online shopping has a huge market in India. \"As people progress, online route becomes a part of life and buying animal for 'qurbani' is just one element. In the Western countries, people don't even buy the animal physically. They just get in touch with qurbani websites that sacrifice the animal and distribute the meat to poor and needy in lieu of small payment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16963272", "title": "Institutions should be open to change", "text": "BANGALORE: The Indian Institute of Science is the only Indian institution to make it into the top 150 list of the Global Employability Survey. It took a huge leap in its ranking, from 134 in 2011 to 35 in 2012. TOI talks to Padmanabhan Balaram, director, IISc, after the list was announced on Thursday.Youngsters inclined to science often opt for careers like engineering and medicine instead of research as they're seen as more lucrative options. But, the country's sole entry to the survey is IISc, an institute dedicated to research.People involved in research have many advanced degrees to their names. Also, researchers have developed certain skill sets in their fields of work. Since most employers look for technical skills in employees, irrespective of their educational backgrounds, researchers are most sought after by companies and employers. I don't know the exact parameters of the survey and feel that premier Indian institutions like IITs and others also merit being on the list.How has the scientific research scene in India evolved over the past few years?The research scene has changed a great deal since 2000 as government support and funding has increased immensely since then. As a result, some positive changes in research are taking place in most of the premier Indian institutes. We expect more government support for research in the 12th Five-Year Plan.What makes IISc one of the premier institutions of the world?Our strength is in our ability to recruit faculty and students from different parts of the country. Homogeneity is not a virtue while heterogeneity always helps an institution grow.How has the vision of IISc, after a century of existence, evolved to be relevant in a world more inclined towards scientific inquisitiveness and research?Old institutions like ours need to constantly transform themselves. IISc's real strength lies in its ability to change with time. We recently built a lot of state-of-the-art laboratories, facilities, introduced new programmes and courses, and acquired a new campus to build new facilities for students and faculty. The world has become more competitive and institutions like IISc need to expand and be more open to change to maintain their cutting edge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16963894", "title": "Dempo to take call on SRK by Dec", "text": "PANAJI: It was a small quote, buried right at the bottom of a story concerning Shah Rukh Khan and his sporting interests, but that did not escape Shrinivas Dempo's attention.In that quote, the Bollywood star denied he has bought stakes in any other team, apart from co-owning India Premier League (IPL) franchisee Kolkata Knight Riders.\"I don't have any other sports team. People come and meet and we discuss to see how sports can be promoted vis-a-vis me. All I own is KKR, that's it,\" said Khan.For five months, Dempo Sports Club have waited impatiently for the Bollywood start to revert on their proposal for co-ownership of the champion club, iron out flaws, if any, and eventually sign on the dotted line in what would be the biggest hope yet for Indian football.Dempo, I-League champions for a record five times, are still waiting.\"Shah Rukh has not taken a decision as yet. The last what we heard from him was that he has other priorities at the moment,\" Dempo told TOI on Thursday.Even before Shah Rukh had shown his willingness to come on board Dempo, there were a couple of cricketers who had shown more than just passing interest in the I-League champions. Shah Rukh's interest meant the cricketers had to be kept on hold, but now Dempo are keen to explore other options.\"We will have to possibly wait till the end of the year to take a final call but we are keen to explore other options. Indian football needs a fresh impetus and it can come only from Bollywood or cricket,\" said the club chairman.Talk is that two Indian cricketers had shown interest in associating themselves with Dempo. One cricketer is rumoured to be captain MS Dhoni while the name of KKR captain Gautam Gambhir has also cropped up.\"I wouldn't take names at this stage since the talks (then) were at a preliminary stage. It's natural for Dhoni's name to crop up because of his reported passion for football but I wouldn't confirm anything now.\"What I can tell you for sure is that there is interest from more than one cricketer,\" said Dempo, adding that these cricketers were offering their \"overall expertise.\"There has been no confirmation if Dempo are looking at a co-owner for the club or, in the case of the cricketers, a brand ambassador. The club, though, is open to a 50% shareholding in one of India's most successful football club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16958405", "title": "BSP to field a dalit against Sonia Gandhi in Lok Sabha polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati may have thrown a lifeline to the Congress-led UPA government at the Centre but she is not giving a walkover to Sonia Gandhi in the 2014 Lok Sabha vote.The party has named Ram Lakhan Pasi, a dalit, as its candidate in Rae Bareli against the Congress president. The ruling SP in UP is not putting up a contestant against Sonia to return Congress's favour of not fielding a candidate against Dimple, daughter-in-law of Mulayam Singh Yadav , in Kannauj LS bypolls in June.Though the party hasn't officially released names, senior BSP leaders announced Pasi's candidature after a meeting of workers in Rae Bareli on Wednesday. Pasi is a local dalit leader and does not have much political experience. BSP's national general secretary Naseemuddin Siddiqui said the party had started the groundwork in the Congress's bastion and Pasi emerged a consensus candidate.Pasi was an assistant inspector general in the stamp and registration department of the state and had taken VRS last June to join BSP. He was made zonal coordinator in BSP by Mayawati and tasked with strengthening the party among the Pasis. Dalits are around 21% of UP's population. The state has a total 66 scheduled castes (dalits) with Jatavs accouting for the maximum 56.3%, followed by Pasis (15.9%).The dalit population in Rae Bareli is around 29%, majority of them Pasis. Among dalits, Jatavs back Mayawati en bloc whereas Pasi votes are divided among various political parties. Highest population of the Pasi sub-caste is in Sitapur followed by Rae Bareli.BSP's announcement comes at a time when the Congress is trying to keep Mayawati in good humour. Apart from conceding Maya's demand of bringing a Constitutional amendment bill providing reservation to dalits in promotions in government jobs, the Centre is also said to be planning to bring Maya's close confidant and former director general of police Brij Lal, a dalit, as special DG CRPF.BSP has never won the Rae Bareli parliamentary seat and its performance in assembly elections has also been mediocre. It came second with over a lakh votes in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "16965337", "title": "Top law school students in Chhattisgarh teach poor kids in village schools", "text": "RAIPUR: In a small village on the outskirts of the capital, Ravi, 6, is trying to teach English alphabets to his four-year-old sister. While he fumbles and misses a few alphabets in between that is not a deterrent to his excitement about his sister's education.Ravi took the inspiration for teaching through a group of law students of the nearby Hidayatullah National Law University (HNLU), a top law school at Uparwara village.This group of 50 law students has initiated a unique activity wherein they visit the nearby Kendri and Uparwara villages to give special classes to the poor kids six days a week.Samanvay, a college community of over 200 students, is working for the welfare of villagers in the vicinity by conducting awareness camps, street plays, educating about legal rights, right to education, right to information and so on.\"We aim to bridge the gap between villagers and our community encouraging them to connect to the mainstream,\" said Saurabh Choudhary, vice president, HNLU Students Bar Association.These students, after attending the classes travel 2.5 km to teach the kids of class I-VIII at around 3.30 pm.\"We get down on the way from the college bus and return walking,\" said Sachin Mishra, a member of Samanvay.Educating a strength of 30-40 children, the law students initially found the job challenging.\"Parents were reluctant to send their kids to the special classes due to our dressing sense, language and culture. They said kids understand only Chhattisgarhi dialect. Now, they understand a new language, they can easily talk in Hindi,\" said Mayur Choudhary, one of the students conducting classes.When the HNLU students faced resistance from the principals of the schools concerned, they sought to impress upon the elected panchayat members the importance of this initiative and convinced the sarpanch to provide the community hall of the village for special classes.Now, one of the principals has extended the school timings so that the law students can take classes in the school itself reaching a larger bunch. Interestingly, the ratio of boys to girls is 2:10 but the boys perform better.\"It's sad that those kids also face the stress of household work. Sometimes they start crying in between the class as they have to go to help their parents in the field or kitchen,\" Sachin said.The strength is lowest on Tuesdays as they have to help parents in the weekly haat. Saturdays are marked with full attendance as it's the day of extra-curricular activities and lots of prizes.\"We buy small gifts from our pocket money and give them as prizes to the winners,\" said one of the law students.\"Few of these children are already studying in schools but their basic knowledge about letters and alphabets is very poor. Six months after our special classes, the result of such students has tremendously improved,\" said Asit Behera another law student. Now, the law students aim to teach students of class IX and X in next 2-3 months.\"The bond has grown so much now that once when we were unable to go for these classes, the kids come riding their cycles to pick us up,\" laughed Sachin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16964949", "title": "Sportstar Trophy u-19 tourney from October 30", "text": "MUMBAI: The 27th Sportstar Trophy MCA Under-19 selection trial cricket tournament will be played from October 30 to November 22.Four teams named after former Mumbai cricketers - Vijay Merchant, Vijay Manjrekar, Khandu Rangnekar and Dattu Phadkar - will take part in the six-match round robin format, it was announced by the sports magazine's owners - The Hindu Group.The four teams will be selected by the MCA Under-19 selection committee.The tournament, comprising three-day games, will commence with the opening round matches between Merchant XI vs Manjrekar XI at Elf Vengsarkar CA ground and Rangnekar XI vs Phadkar XI at Sachivalaya Gymkhana ground.The second and third round matches, commencing on November 6 and 20 respectively with a break in between for Diwali festivities, will be held at the Parsee and P J Hindu Gymkhana grounds, according to the organisers.The player of the tournament would receive a full cricket kit and the Ramakant Desai Trophy. Besides, there would be six man-of-the-match awards and the best fielder award donated by the family of former MCA joint secretary Bal Mahaddalkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959719", "title": "Regional transport office nets 467 drivers for not carrying original tariff card", "text": "MUMBAI: Regional transport offices across Mumbai have stepped up their campaign against erring drivers of taxis and autorickshaws for not carrying or displaying the original tariff card.Since October 15, as many as 207 drivers in the Tardeo RTO's jurisdiction faced action for not displaying or carrying the original tariff card. Similarly, action was taken against 94 drivers in Andheri RTO's jurisdiction while the Wadala RTO penalized 166 drivers.Since October 15, 207 drivers also faced action for carrying a photocopy of the tariff card instead of carrying original tariff card and not displaying the tariff card in the vehicles in the jurisdiction of the Tardeo RTO. Likewise, Andheri RTO took action against 94 auto drivers, while Wadala RTO penalized 166 drives for not displaying the tariff card.Meanwhile, the recalibration of the meters in autorickshaw and taxi is gradually picking up in the suburbs as well as the island city.An official said, \"In Tardeo RTO, 209 taxis had come for recalibration of meters on Thursday. In Wadala, 71 taxis and 444 autorickshaws carried out the recalibration of meters.\"More than 11,000 vehicles, including 8,696 autorickhsaws, have recalibrated their meters till date. As for taxis, the official said, 2,480 meters have been recalibrated since the new tariff hike. The number of autorickshaw meters that have been recalibrated in Andheri and Wadala RTO is 3,327 and 5,369 respectively.The number of taxi meters recalibrated in Tardeo Andheri, Wadala stood at 1,977, 169 and 334 respectively.Meanwhile, the transport department has decided to undertake recalibration of meters even on the weekend and the Eid holiday in order to complete the process within 45 days from the October 11 when the new fare hike came into existence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16962844", "title": "Troubled leopard caged", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The leopard responsible for attack on teenaged Swapnil Antiwar in Bhiwapur ward, was caged in Mana Tekdi area on Thursday evening. The leopard is two years old.The forest officials had installed four cages in and around Mana Tekdi located at the outskirt of town to capture the wildcat responsible for six human attacks.\"The beast got trapped late in the evening in the cage installed in thick vegetation in Mana Tekdi. We have removed it to Rambagh nursery, where doctors will check its health condition. On Friday morning, the beast will be released in distant forest area,\" DCF P Kalyankumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16962899", "title": "Pet dogs may be banned on hills", "text": "PUNE: The forest department is planning to ban people from bringing pet dogs to hills in Pune after several citizens complained about canines causing nuisance for walkers as the owners let them free.Speaking to TOI, Rajendra Kadam, deputy conservator of forest, said several citizens going for morning and evening walks have complained about the nuisance created by pet dogs. \"We have already installed boards on all hills in Pune requesting citizens not to bring pet dogs to the hills as it causes inconvenience to others. Despite this, some of them still bring their pets to the hills. Hence, we may be forced to enforce the ban.\"Kadam said citizens complained that people often leave their pet dogs unchained, resulting in the canines wandering around the hill. Citizens have complained about dogs barking at passersby and sometimes fighting among each other. Citizens have also said that dogs excrete on the hills and dirty the walkway.A few months ago, due to similar complaints from citizens, the forest department had banned pet dogs on the Parvati Pachgaon hill. However, the ban had to be lifted after pet owners protested.\"We have asked the pet owners to give in writing to the forest department that their pets will not create any nuisance on the hill and that they will not unchain the dog nor allow them to roam free,\" Kadam said.Kadam further added, \"According to the Forest Protection Act, citizens are not allowed to enter protected areas of the forest. However, as most of the hills are situated in the core city limits, we have granted permission to citizens without any restrictions. Over the past few years, the practice of bringing pet dogs on the hills has also increased. None of the public gardens run by the Pune Municipal Corporation allow pets inside the garden. Hence, the forest department may also think on similar lines and ban pets on hills.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16962728", "title": "Man, son arrested for Nayapally murder", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After remaining at large for a week, a man and his son were arrested on Wednesday in connection with October 17 murder of a man in Nayapally area here.Krushnachandra Nayak and his younger son Mrutyunjay were sent to judicial custody after their bail pleas were rejected on Thursday. Nayak's elder son Dhananjay, a co-accused in the case, is still on the run.The trio allegedly hacked Rajesh Jena (22) to death in N-3 locality following previous enmity. Sources said Jena was witness in a 2011 case, relating to an attempt to murder of a builder in the same locality. He had been receiving threat from anti-socials, sources said. \"We have launched a manhunt to arrest the third accused,\" DCP Nitinjeet Singh said.Jena, who had criminal antecedents, was talking with some friends when the accused came in a bike and attacked him with sharp-edged weapons. He was rushed to a nearby private hospital where he died late in the night. Police said the father-sons trio was earlier arrested in connection with several cases, including the March 2011 gun attack on a builder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959034", "title": "Oz trip was an eye-opener: Rueben Kedari", "text": "MUMBAI: The tension at Churchgate's Mumbai Hockey Association (MHA) stadium is palpable. Committee members of the MHA are busy with meetings to decide on the course of action after the state government threatened to take over the body.Oblivious of the tension around them, a bunch of young boys are happily training at the premises and one among them is on a high, having just returned after a rewarding three-month stint, playing for Gordon North Sydney Hockey Club in Sydney's Premier League hockey tournament. Rueben Kedari, 21, who plays in the Mumbai Super League for Rashtriya Chemicals and Fertilizers (RCF), says the stint was an eye-opener.\"The professionalism there is unbelievable,\" he says.Kedari could have spent a year in the Sydney League, but delays in procuring an appropriate visa allowed him to play for just three months. While he rues the time away from action, the mid-fielder is happy with the experience gained. \"I played 12 matches for them and they were happy with my performances and have even offered me a contract for next season. So, if all goes according to plan, I will be flying again to Sydney in March next year,\" he says with a smile.Kedari was first spotted by Marzaban Patel (Bawa as he is fondly called) some six years ago and under him his career began to take shape. He started playing in the lower division before graduating to the Super League where he played in the midfield for RCF.\"He definitely has potential, but the important thing is to raise the bar,\" says Bawa, who has mentored Indian internationals such as Viren Rasquinha, Adrian D'Souza and more recently, Yuvraj Valmiki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16965160", "title": "Diamond polisher's death still a mystery", "text": "SURAT: The cause of death of diamond polisher Sanjay Chauhan remains a mystery. His postmortem report said that no injury marks were found on his body. The police are taking help from forensic experts. \"We have sent viscera and other samples to a forensic laboratory as the doctors wanted to carry out five different investigations,\" said JA Patel, assistant commissioner of police (D-division).Meanwhile, the police recorded statements of about 20 people, who were present in the Katargam police station when the diamond polisher was detained there. He had died while being treated at Surat Municipal Institute of Medical Education and Research (SMIMER) on Tuesday.Chauhan (27) had been detained as a part of preventive action on Monday as he was allegedly involved in a brawl at a public place. He was kept in the lock-up and had been shifted to the hospital after he complained of severe stomachache.Sources said that he had been operated upon for appendicitis some days back due to which he was suffering from post-surgery pain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963563", "title": "5 Secrets we must avoid telling our best friend", "text": "Certain secrets are best kept to oneself and it is not criminal if you don't whisper it out to your bestie. Here are the five 'it's ok to not disclose to your BFF' we've chalked outAs kids, you might have pledged a sorority to share your darkest secrets with each other, and that must have been stamped as a lifelong bond back then. But at times, it's okay to not tell your best friend everything under the sun. Keeping mum about some of the details doesn't really hurt or mean that you're making an effort to disrespect the sacred bond of 'friendship'. Sometimes 'not TMI' is fine, especially in front of your bestie. Here's our list of what's 'alright' to avoid telling your best friend.1. Oops, I Know that already\"Guess what, my little brother is dating a girl, and arrghh, how I hate that woman!,\" exclaimed your enraged favourite pal over a plate of pasta while at a Sunday brunch with you. And you've almost choked on that spaghetti while deciding on 'should she know, shouldn't she know', because well, you did see her little brother coochie-cooing with this girl your best friend disapproves, and you also knew where it was heading. Such exclusive yet unwanted trivia, especially about her little brother or someone really close to her, trust us it's better left unsaid.2. That's what your parents told meWhen you've known a friend for the longest time, chances are their parents trust you more than them (unless they think you're the one responsible for shaping up the brat their kid is). So when your bosom friend's 'not-so-happy' parents are confiding in you about this certain something they can't discuss with their child, you can skip that from your friend. Whether it's about them or not, it's quite possible that your friend might feel a little threatened by your closeness to their parents.3. Emm, yeah I did thatSo you went for this office conference to Goa, guzzled drinks like it was nobody's business, and before you knew it, you'd made the stupidest mistake of your life, made out with your married boss. And yes , you're embarrassed and not very proud of the deed. It's okay if you keep this 'little secret from your BFF. It's best not to disclose fractions of info you think you're capable to erase in a jiffy, unless you want to make it a recurrent joke at get-togethers.4. I'm involved, or maybe notYou might have walked into this situation a couple of times. Sometimes you think you're in a relationship but are not quite sure; or maybe there's that something special brewing up between new guy and you but, well, it's still at that raw stage. It's perfectly alright not to voice out your feelings, even if it is to your bestie, until you're certain about it. Take your time in announcing or introducing a date to your 'friend-forever', but once you're sure of Mr Perfect, maybe you can give your friend her much-deserved chance to sign and seal your decision.5. I liked him tooBeing the key organiser of your best friend's hen night, you've listed a game of truth or dare in the party agenda. We beg you; if the bottle points at you and a couple of friends scream out 'Give us the truth', at no level of intoxication should you utter 'Bestie, I had a huge crush on your fiance'. You don't want Miss BFF to feel insecure about you seducing her soul-mate, or guarding her husband from you. Avoid the drama and leave the crush bit unsaid, unless you've a bestie as cool as the tip of the iceberg.simi.kuriakose@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16960578", "title": "Ex-soldiers must get exemptions: High court", "text": "CHENNAI: The statutory exemption available to ex-servicemen from physical measurement test and physical efficiency test for selection as police constables, jail warders and firemen cannot be denied by citing an administrative circular, the Madras high court has said.Justice S Nagamuthu, passing orders on a batch of writ petitions from ex-servicemen who were made to undergo the tests and then disqualified by the Tamil Nadu Uniformed Service Recruitment Board, also directed the authorities to award 15 marks each to the eligible ex-servicemen who were turned away. The matter relates to the state government decision to recruit grade-II police constables, jail warders and fireman by a notification issued last year. The petitioners, who emerged successful in the written examination, were called for physical endurance test and physical efficiency test. After the trials, they were rejected and disqualification slips were issued to them in August.The judge, pointing out that the petitioners had not claimed relaxation in any educational qualification, said that as per the service rule, the petitioners need not undergo the tests. \"But, contrary to the rule, the authorities have directed the petitioners to undergo the tests and rejected them as they were found not qualified to pass these two tests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964018", "title": "Genelia at the screening of Balak Palak", "text": "Actress Genelia D' Souza was present at the screening of Marathi film 'Balak-Palak', at MAMI Fetival going on at Inox, Nariman Point in Mumbai. Balak Palak is Riteish Deshmukh's debut production venture and thus Genelia was present there to see the reaction of the audience to the movie.The movie is based on the importance of sex education for children and has garnered good response so far.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16958340", "title": "National Botanical Research Institute can help farmers raise agro income: Abdul Kalam", "text": "LUCKNOW: The former President APJ Abdul Kalam, who began his speech at NBRI by waving at his young friends , hailed the institute's contribution in applied areas of plant diversity. He suggested the National Botanical Research Institute (NBRI) should prepare an atlas of plants of Indo-Gangetic plains which would aid the farmers in choosing the right kind of plantation according to the area and its conservation.Kalam, who said that excellence is not by an accident but it's a process, suggested a number of areas and priority issues to be looked upon by the institute. One of the major challenges, he emphasized, is to document the biodiversity of Sunderbans. \"I visited Sunderbans and the area has solar power as the main source of energy. Can the NBRI scientists study the problem of Sunderbans and start a laboratory there,\" he said. The rich biodiversity of the forests acts as a large sink for harvesting tonnes of carbon dioxide. The emission of greenhouse gases is the main cause of climate change, Kalam added.Citing another case from Allahabad, where plantation of Jatropha has made the alkaline soil neutral, he said NBRI should provide farmers advanced science and technological information so that they can use it in their region to increase their incomes. \"In Allahabad, farmers used to make bricks of the alkaline earth but cultivation of Jatropha has changed the scenario,\" he said. At least 10,000 farmers in Allahabad are into Jatropha cultivation. Kalam also planted a 'rudrash' sapling on the day. Governor BL Joshi appreciated NBRI for working with UP agriculture department on biofertilizers since 2004.NBRI director CS Nautiyal presented a report on the major works done by the institute. Prof Samir K Brahmachari, DG CSIR and secretary DSIR, said, \"NBRI is working on mapping the soil by root biology project. In future, NBRI will also help in identifying the suitable crop for the area, depending upon water availability.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965736", "title": "Sundar C is back", "text": "Director Sundar C is back to films as a director. After the success of Kalakalappu, which had Shiva and Vimal in the lead, the director is putting the finishing touches on his next film Madha Gaja Raja, which stars Vishal. Though the movie is yet to hit screens, the director has already announced his next project for his home banner. In the meantime, his actress- wife Khushbu has announced her next film, Theeya Velai Seiyanum Kumaru to be directed by Sundar C. Siddharth and Hansika will play the lead, along with comedian Santhanam will also be a part of this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16965750", "title": "RK Shetty resigns as IHF president", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a massive blow to the Indian Hockey Federation (IHF), RK Shetty has resigned as its president citing \"personal reasons\".Sources said Shetty had stepped down from the post due to differences with IHF Secretary General Ashok Mathur and Managing Committee member Joaquim Carvalho.\"I have resigned as IHF president due to personal reasons. I decided to resign because I don't want my personal work to collide with my duties as IHF president,\" Shetty said.He, however, said his resignation is yet to be accepted. \"My resignation has not been accepted yet. It will come up for discussion during our Special Annual General Meeting here on November 5,\" Shetty said.Asked whether a rift with Mathur and Carvalho was the reason behind his sudden decision, Shetty answered in the negative.\"This is not true. I don't know from where these rumours came. In any meeting you will have differences on various issues and IHF is no different. But my resignation is completely on personal grounds.\"I might have resigned as president but I will continue to be a member of IHF.\"There were, however, reports that Shetty resigned on account of financial irregularities within the IHF and mismanagement of fund.\"Shetty had to resign on account of financial irregularities within the IHF and non payment of award money to teams and individuals who played in World Series Hockey and due to gross mismanagement of funds, with money received from Nimbus,\" a source said.Shetty, however, denied that there was any financial irregularities during his tenure and rubbished reports that he had resigned because of that.None of the other officials from the IHF were, however, willing to speak on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16959971", "title": "Community spirit wins yet again at Pujo Bari", "text": "KOLKATA: Amidst the glitz and grandeur associated with Pujas, Swami Vivekananda seems to have wonwalked away with the hearts of the judges at The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo 2012. Of the four top apartment Pujas in the city (as per the contest), three had chosen Swamiji's birth sesquicentenary as their themes. The organizers were ecstatic when the winners were announced on Ashtami. Sixteen celebrities took time off their busy Puja schedule to go around the city and judge the shortlisted apartments. They spent time with the residents and even served bhog at a few places and organizers were all praise for The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo 2012 presented by Simoco, powered by Kingfisher Strong Power Soda in association with National Insurance, Concast Maxx &amp; Bakefresh Biscuits. The event was supported by IFB Agro and Club Salon.While Sunny Seasons of Narendrapur, Kamalgazi bagged the top honour in Category - I, Louise Garden of Haltu was declared the winner in Category - II. Ekta Heights on Raja S C Mallick Road and Tolly Gardens of Moore Avenue were the runners-up in the two categories.\"We had concentrated on Swami Vivekananda's philosophy and teachings this year since the world is celebrating his 150th birth anniversary. Everything, from the pandal to decoration pieces to the badges worn by the volunteers, was saffron in colour to honour Swamiji. The great saint's photographs and teachings were displayed everywhere in and around the pandal. We also had a supplementary theme. We wanted to highlight how we succeed in getting thousands of people to assemble at one place in Devi Durga's name. We called this 'Assembly of a thousand souls'. Actor Rupanjana Mitra seemed quite impressed with our activities,\" an organizer of Sunny Seasons Durgotsav Cammittee said.Rupanjana was indeed very pleased with the involvement of women, the elderly and children in year-round activities at this large apartment complex that has a cosmopolitan atmosphere. People from all religious and ethnic backgrounds participated in the festivities, one of them being a flat owner's wife who is originally from Russia. Among those who participated actively was a flat owner's wife who is originally from Russia.The moment Rupanjana entered the complex, she was given a warm welcome by the residents. After offering anjali, the actor posed for photographs with children and went around the premises. She also went to the community hall where bhog was about to be served. She not only had some khichuri but also lent a hand to the women residents involved in serving the bhog.\"Before leaving, Rupanjana signed the visitors' book and wrote - 'May God Bless You All. Sunny Seasons Rocks'. We are thankful to The Times of India for all this. The kind of professional approach and clarity in communication is rarely seen in any organization,\" the organizer added.The theme adopted by Louise Garden was also quite unique. The apartment complex had decided to take a look back at the good times they had over the last three years. \"This was our 4th year. We had designed a huge collage of photographs of the festivities of the last three years. It was as if we were trying to look back into history. The gate was in Rajasthani style in keeping with our peek into history. Judge Debjani Chatterjee appreciated the concept a lot. She also participated in the dhunuchi dance and even played the dhaak. She also watched some of a few glimpses of the cultural events that we had planned for the evening,\" said organizer Samir Barman.Both Louise Garden and Ekta Heights have bagged The Times of India Pujo Barir Shera Pujo awards in the past. This year, Ekta Heights had chosen the colours of the peacock as its primary theme. The apartment complex also celebrated Swami Vivekananda's birth sesquicentenary, the empowerment of women and 100 years of Indian Cinema during the Pujas. \"We were judged by actor Bhaswar Chatterjee. He said that he liked the ambience and atmosphere. He went around and saw the decorations. We had put up decorations all around the complex. He also went through the menu card that we had prepared and the list of daily events,\" said organizer Krishna Ghosh.Celebrity judge Pranay Poddar was quite impressed with the Puja organized by Tolly Gardens. \"We are a small complex and wanted to celebrate Swami Vivekananda's birth sesquicentenary. Our aim was to project his basic philosophy through photographs and quotations. We also wanted to project the link between Swami Vivekananda and Durga Puja. We had a panel with photographs of Swami Vivekananda with Ramakrishna Paramahansa. There was mention of the first Durga Puja at Belur Math when Swamiji prayed to Ma Sarada as the living Goddess. Right from our cultural programmes and the mementos we gave our guest artistes to the prizes we distributed to the children, there was a touch of Swami Vivekananda in everything,\" said Indrani Sen, an organizer. Category - I Winner - Sunny Seasons, Runners Up - Ekta Heights Category - II Winner - Louise Garden, Runners Up - Tolly Gardens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16964151", "title": "When Jaspal Bhatti shocked everybody into silence", "text": "LUDHIANA: He made them laugh with his quick wit and bright smile. But for the countless fans and admirers of seasoned funny-man Jaspal Bhatti, his sudden and shocking demise marks the end of an era, a period when every dark cloud had a satirical lining.Often in the city for presenting street plays in his signature style, Bhatti had a huge following in Ludhiana. Of them is city comedian Jasvinder Bhalla, who works at Punjab Agricultural University and essays the role of Bhatti's younger brother in 'Power Cut' that releases on Friday.\"He was the king of meaningful comedy the way he highlighted issues concerning the society would always be remembered. His demise is a personal loss not only to me, but also to fans across the country and abroad. He wanted to launch his son Jasraj in 'Power Cut',\" Jasvinder said.Satvinder Basra, a resident of Gopal Nagar who is working with GADVASU as a photographer, met Bhatti when he was in the city to present a street play against rising prices. \"I had never seen such quick wit and humor in one person. He met everyone very nicely, showing how grounded he was. I have seen all his works, including 'Flop Show', 'Ulta Pulta', the programmes that aired on Jalandhar DD and his films,\" he said, unable to believe the actor was no more.Child artists Ekta, 12, and Ritika Kapoor, 11, worked with Bhatti in serial, 'Thank You Jeeja Jee', which could not be aired. But they remember his affectionate nature. \"He used to teach us many things during shooting,\" said little Ekta.BRS Nagar resident Jasmer Singh Dhatt, who is also the organizer of Miss World Punjaban contest, said Bhatti was not only an outstanding comedian, but also a wonderful person. \"I remember he had readily accepted an invitation for our cultural programme, 'Vanjli di Taan', in 1992.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964118", "title": "Dr Biju next will be a social commentary", "text": "Ever since director Veettilekkulla Vazhi director Dr Biju announced his next project Thannal Tharathey Marangal, rumours have been ripe that the film will choose an anti-government stance to tell its story.The film's title, which means trees that do not provide shade, reportedly was the director's clever way to referring to the government's lack of concern for its people.However, Dr Biju clarifies that the movie would be more about highlighting the woes of the people than showing the government in a bad light.\"It tells the story of two sweepers in Kochi Municipality, played by Jayasurya and Salim Kumar, with vagabonds, street hawkers, local tribes and their children forming the rest of the characters,\" he says.The film will be a critique of several issues of social significance like the Villapilsala garbarge woes and the displacement of people for road widening that have adversely affected the lives of a lot of people in the state.\"Instead of a political angle, Thannal Tharathey Marangal will try and bring out the misery in the lives of its central characters. It will be a social commentary ,\" he says.The flick that was set to start filming in November has now been pushed to early next year with the director being busy promoting his previous film Aakashathinte Niram at the festival circuit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16960672", "title": "Residents beeline at site of Nov '84 riots, to sign petition for reopening cases", "text": "JALANDHAR: Residents here made a beeline at the site of exhibition pertaining to November 1984 massacre of Sikhs to sign the petition initiated by former Supreme Court judge V R Krishna Iyer, addressed to the Prime Minister to follow his raj dharma and reopen the cases of massacre of Sikhs in Delhi and to ensure justice to the victims.The exhibition near Dussehra ground of Model House was inaugurated by Dinesh Kumar, state president of an NGO, Bachpan Bachao Andolan.Not only the Sikhs but a good number of Hindu residents also turned up, as the exhibition is also trying to dispel the notion that these were riots between two communities. \"It was a massacre patronized by the government of that time and rather the common Hindus tried to save the Sikhs and a few of them even lost their lives while doing the benevolence of saving lives of innocent Sikhs,\" said Supreme Court advocate HS Phoolka. He said around 7,000 had already signed the petition during the exhibition in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959592", "title": "No firecracker stalls on roads, near stations: Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation", "text": "MUMBAI: In an endeavour to ensure a safe festive season, the BMC will not allow fire cracker stalls on roads and near railway stations. A circular to this effect has been issued to H(west), H(east) and K(west) wards in Bandra (W), Bandra (E) and Andheri (W).Other wards have also been issued this directive. Only licensed traders will be allowed to sell crackers from their shops.\"The deputy municipal commissioner (removal encroachment) has issued the directive to H(west), K(west) and H(east) and the copy has been forwarded to all the wards on September 27,\"said Aftab Siddique, chairperson, 33rd Road ALM on Linking Road.A Wagralakar, DMC (RE), said, \"We issued this circular in accordance with the Supreme Court order. It's a preventive measure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "16964636", "title": "Rajsthan artists to be made aware of their rights", "text": "JODHPUR: The folk artists of Rajasthan will now be legally aware and well informed as far as their rights are concerned, courtesy the association of Jodhpur RIFF and LIBRA India (a non-profit organization of professionals in the field of environment, wildlife and statutory rights of downtrodden). The two orgnisations have taken up an initiative to prevent gullible artists from getting cheated or deprived of their rights or benefits.On advice of the Jaipur Virasat Foundation, LIBRA India has come up with a novel idea of updating and making the folk artists aware of their rights as enshrined in the law. Managing Trustee of LIBRA India Sanjeet Purohit said it has been consistently observed that folk artists remain at the mercy of the agents, who take them to various destinations to perform but a major share of the profit is taken away by them with the artists ending up with a pittance.\"And this all happens because these artists are not aware of their rights in this regard and because of the ignorance, they fail to understand the real game but feel cheated,\" Purohit said. Divya Bhatia, director of Jaipur Virasat Foundation, said the main reason is that most folk artists are illiterate and cannot understand the terms and conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965565", "title": "Evil Dead", "text": "CreditsDirector: Fede Alvarez Cast: Jane Levy , Shiloh Fernandez, Lou Taylor Pucci, Jessica Lucas , Elizabeth Blackmore Genre: Horror Release Date: April 2013SynopsisFive twenty-something friends become holed up in a remote cabin where they discover a Book of the Dead and unwittingly summon up dormant demons living in the nearby woods, which possess the youngsters in succession until only one is left intact to fight for survival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16959560", "title": "GST: Reform is a welcome development", "text": "There is a long way to go before the goods and services tax (GST) becomes reality, but this is an important stage in its journey. The GST is necessary to modernize and rationalize India's tax system and bring it in line with global best practices. It is a welcome development, therefore, that the states and Centre have been able to reach an agreement on the contentious issues that had so far stalled progress on its introduction. We hope that now that an agreement has been reached, all concerned will do their best to expedite introduction of the new tax regime.Related story: Centre, states near consensus on Goods and Services Tax", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16960877", "title": "Ahmedabad's first cyclothon for enthusiasts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Here is a call for the cycling enthusiast in the city.The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's (AMC) 'Cyclothon' event is now open for registration. A special website has been launched --www.sabarmaticyclothon.in-- for the purpose. A fee of Rs 300 per participant has been decided by the organising committee for the marathon. This is the first such event of its kind in Gujarat. The event will be held on Januray 27 next year in association with the Ahmedabad bicycling club. tnnThe marathon event is being segregated into three categories. For professionals and those who would like to test their limits, the 105 km long century race is a bigger attraction. The other circuit is the 48 km long 'half century race' and a seperate Roadster Fixi, non-gear cycle race. For those who have just started cycling , the 17 km long dream ride is a recommended category--there is no registration fee for this category.\"The registration has to happen early as we have to take permisions form the NHAI, traffic police and other allied departments so that traffic is obstructed in no way during the race,\" says a senior AMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959016", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party guns for Prithviraj Chavan\u2019s scalp", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after CM Prithviraj Chavan stayed a decision regarding relaxation of the time period for development of plots leased by MMRDA in Bandra-Kurla Complex (BKC) and certain other areas, it was NCP's to launch an offensive.Claiming that the original approved proposal was incomplete and did not disclose financial implications, NCP spokesperson Nawab Malik on Thursday sought a probe in the matter. Malik is a member of the MMRDA executive committee and was present at its meeting on Monday where the proposal was unanimously approved.The proposal was regarding extending the time period for development of plots from four years to six. On Tuesday, following allegations of loss of revenue to MMRDA and benefits to certain businessmen, Chavan stayed the decision.Malik alleged that neither the financial implications nor lease holders were disclosed in the original proposal. When asked why he did not raise the issue at the meeting, Malik said that he had not been able to study the agenda in detail prior to the meeting. \"We saw no reason to oppose a proposal which came from an agency headed by Chavan, who is known for his integrity,\" Malik said, adding, \"I am certain Chavan sensed something amiss to stay the decision a day later. The development has created an environment of suspicion. We demand an inquiry on whether the details were deliberately held back.\"Sources, however, saw the demand as political. A state official said names of lease holders were read out at the meeting.Sources said the NCP, which is under cloud over the irrigation scam, has plans to leverage the issue to target Chavan. A section in the party believes that Chavan and Congress played a role in corruption allegations raised against its ministers, a charge that Chavan has refuted. Indications that the NCP could attack him over the issue are considered as a reason behind the CM, sources said. He himself has maintained that he decided to re-examine it following allegations that it benefitted certain players.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16962863", "title": "500 industries in Chandrapur shut down for a day", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Over 500 small and medium scale industries in Chandrapur observed total bandh on Thursday responding to statewide bandh call jointly given by various industrialist unions to protest over 40% hike in power tariff. All these industries shut down production from 8am to 6pm during the day giving over 8,000 workers a day off.The union office-bearers met state BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar who in turn assured them to take up the matter with chief minister. President of Chandrapur MIDC Industries Association Madhusudan Roongta informed that the union also submitted memorandum to district collector and executive engineer of MSEDCL demanding roll back in power prices.Roongta said, \"The industries suffered a revenue loss of Rs25,000 crore due to the bandh in the state. After the 40% rise Maharashtra power has become costlier by more than Rs2.50 per unit as compared to that of Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka, Chhattisgarh , Goa and Gujarat.\"To put pressure government for the roll back in power tariff, the Chamber of Small Industries Association (COSIA), Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA), Federation of Industries Associations of Vidarbha (FIAV) and others have decided to not to pay electricity bill anymore.Roongta said, \"The state will be deprived of revenue of Rs45,000 core, if all small and medium scale industries don't pay their electricity bill for one month. Small and medium scale industries generate 35% employment in state. Similarly they add to 35% of exports from Maharashtra. Higher power cost will lead to closure of these industries, which in turn will adversely affect the employment and export scenario.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962940", "title": "Three city teenagers drown in Kanhan river", "text": "NAGPUR: Three teenagers, including two standard XII students, drowned in Kanhan river on Wednesday afternoon.Ankush Chaurikar and Rahul Mandwe, residents of Deshpande layout, both 18, were students of standard XII in science stream while Praveen Patil (19), a resident of Hiwri Nagar, was working as a waiter in a hotel.A group of around six friends had gone to Kanhan river for a picnic on the Dussehra holiday. Rahul's relatives said that the friends left home around 11am on their bikes. His uncle said that he had not informed them about the plan, and did not know how to swim.Rahul leaves behind widow mother Pushpa, who works with an eatery, and two siblings.Police said the youths drowned around 3pm. However, cops learnt about the incident early on Thursday morning and informed the parents of the deceased.Cops said that three other friends accompanying the youths witnessed the incident but panicked and fled the scene. The villagers spotted the clothes and alerted the nearby cops.While police are still busy taking eyewitnesses statements, sources said the youths drowned while trying to save each other from drowning. Rahul's body has been fished out. Search operation for Praveen and Ankush's body is underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "16960644", "title": "Faridkot minor girl meets mom briefly at Nari Niketan", "text": "JALANDHAR: The Faridkot minor girl lodged in Nari Niketan met her mother for a brief while on Thursday. But she refused to see her father, sister and uncle, said police officials. However, the girl's kin claimed that they were not allowed in by the Niketan officials and cops.Sources said the girl initially refused to meet her family but after much persuasion, she agreed to meet only her mother. The family reached the women's shelter home in the forenoon.\"We sent an attendant who conveyed her that her parents had come but she said that she was not interested in meeting them and would see them after one or two days. Not only the family members, we too felt bad about it. After consulting the family, we again sent the message through the attendant and also offered that she should at least meet her mother. After being persuaded by the attendant she said okay,\" said Mohinder Pal Swamy, manager of the Niketan, in the presence of ADCP (Hq) N S Mahal.\"When her mother went in her room she said that she would meet them in a day or two and did not talk much. The meeting ended in 2-3 minutes,\" Swamy said.However, the father told TOI that the authorities said that only one of them could meet her. \"Her mother told her not to worry. They hugged each other and cried,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16964153", "title": "It\u2019s back to 1967 for alumni of Mangalore University College", "text": "MANGALORE: For 19 senior citizens Friday promises to be a day to cherish. They have not seen or spoken to each other in the past 40-odd years. Neither do they know how they look today.The alumni of 1967 BSc (mathematics, physics and statistics) of then Government College, now Mangalore University College, will have their reunion after 45 years. Of the 25 students of this batch, around 19 alumni, who are above 65, will share their experiences and lives.Of the 19 alumni, four live in the city. \"One of our classmates Cynthia Lobo, a teacher in Mumbai, died recently and we will pay tributes to her on this occasion,\" said Upendra, an environmentalist and an alumni of the batch. The batch does not have a single group photograph taken during their college days. For very few people had a camera back then.Upendra, Tilak Shet Kalyanpur, a retired Indian Navy lieutenant and two other alumni have organized this reunion and social networking sites helped them reunite. \"We will give 10 minutes to each alumnus to tell us about themselves, their profession as well as that of their family,\" said Upendra. Games too form part of the reunion. These senior citizens will visit their former college.Tilak says, \"After I finished my graduation, I joined the Navy. Meeting my classmates after 45 years is like a dream come true.\" Another alumnus Meera Baliga said \"I have a few photographs of my classmates, but I have not seen them for years together. It will be thrilling to meet them.\" As part of the reunion, planting of saplings in MU college premises and at the premises of alumni's respective places has been planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16961310", "title": "Techie returns a free man 8 years after drifting into Pakistan", "text": "MUMBAI: Vile Parle resident Hansaben Parmar's agonizingly long wait for her son finally ended on Thursday. Eight years after Bhavesh strayed across the border, he was repatriated by Pakistani authorities following his release from a Lahore prison.A software engineer by education, 32-year-old Bhavesh crossed into India in the afternoon through Wagah border, where Hansaben was waiting for him. \"Mamma mil gayee,\" he exclaimed on embracing his mother. \"I am so happy. I came all the way to Attari almost crying.\"Bhavesh is believed to have wandered into Pakistan in 2004 in a mentally disturbed state. That was the year his father passed away from cancer. His long leave of absence from work cost Bhavesh his job with a leading manufacturer of ATM machines.On Thursday, Bhavesh, attired in a salwar-kameez and a jacket, said he accidentally boarded Samjhauta Express from Amritsar and fainted before reaching Pakistan. It is unclear how he reached Amritsar or got on the train. According to activists, Bhavesh was arrested in 2007 and in 2009 sentenced to three years' imprisonment. Bhavesh said he was treated well in Lahore's Kot Lakhpat jail.Vile Parle MLA Krishna Hegde, who accompanied Hansaben to Attari, said Bhavesh will be taken to Mumbai on Friday after all formalities are completed.During the Thursday reunion , Bhavesh's mother kept breaking down. \"These tears are of happiness. I have finally got my son back,\" Hansaben said. While she expressed delight at his return , she wished Pakistan had repatriated him immediately after the arrest.The 57-year-old said Bhavesh's mental condition worried her and she would get medical exams conducted . \"Bhavesh was dedicated to his father's treatment. But we lost my husband within three months.\" Bhavesh disappeared after the death while Hansaben was away at her parents' place as per local traditions. \"I had told my neighbours to take care of Bhavesh. But when I returned I found him missing.\" She did not lodge a missing report with the police since she thought he might have gone in search of another job.Hansaben was clueless about her son's whereabouts until 2008, when Intelligence Bureau informed her about his presence in Pakistani jail. \"We started making efforts to bring him back when we came to know that he was imprisoned in Pakistan,\" explained Hansaben. The process was not easy but as time passed immense support poured in for Bhavesh's release . Britainbased lawye r Ja s Uppal reported the case to the United Nations, Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and to others. In July 2012, Pakistani lawyer Awais Sheikh filed Bhavesh's mercy petition before the country's president Asif Ali Zardari.Back in Mumbai, friends and neighbours at Kamla Terrace building in Vile Parle who had helped Hansaben through the ordeal awaited Bhavesh's return. \"I was to travel to Wagah but could not make it,\" said activist Jatin Desai.'MAMMA MIL GAYEE'Tragedy at homeBhavesh Parmar, a software engineer, lived with his aged parents Hansaben and Kantilal Parmar at Kamla Terrace in Vile Parle He held a mid-level position with one of India's largest manufacturers of ATMs The young man was left traumatized following the death of his father due to cancer in mid-2004 His prolonged absence from work owing to his father's illness and then death cost him his job Unable to cope with the double blow, he wandered away from home in a disoriented stateOdyssey &amp; ordealThe 24-year-old ended up in Pakistan aboard Samjhauta Express in 2004 He was arrested in 2007 and a case was registered under section 14 of the Foreigners Act In 2009, Bhavesh was given a three-year sentence with a penalty of Rs 5,000 For non-payment of penalty, he was made to undergo further imprisonment of three months His case was placed before Pakistan's supreme court and Bhavesh was declared an internee on June 2 for three months. The term ended on September 28Sparks of hopeEarlier this year, Hansaben received a letter from journalist Neeraj Sharma informing that Bhavesh was in Kot Lakhpat Jail in Lahore Sharma had interviewed a batch of prisoners released at Wagah. One of them, Ram Rajji, passed on a chit of paper on which Bhavesh had scribbled the family's Mumbai address A friend of Bhavesh telephoned the reporter, who, in turn, put him through to Rajji Hansaben approached local MLA Krishna Hegde in February 2012. The MLA, in turn, sought help from MP Priya Dutt. The chain led to external affairs minister S M Krishna and the Indian High Commission in Pakistan Soon, activists across the UK, Pakistan and India reached out to help In Pakistan, lawyer Awais Sheikh represented Bhavesh to secure his release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960018", "title": "Government goes AIR-borne, uses radio jingles to take on Maoists", "text": "NEW DELHI: As part of its plan to wean villagers/tribals away from the Maoist ideology, the government has taken to airing radio 'jingles' to reach out to people in the Naxal heartland.The government has roped in All India Radio (AIR) to air specially produced audio clips in the mornings and evenings. The 'jingles', with themes of countering Maoism, have been produced in different local dialects including Nagpuri, Gondi, Chhattisgarhi, Odia Gondi, Magdhi, Bhojpuri, Halbi and Hindi.The 'jingles', highlighting how Maoists' activities are detrimental to growth, are being aired through AIR's regional transmission networks in the four Naxal affected states of Chhattisgarh , Jharkhand , Bihar and Odisha.\"The idea is to tell the villagers in their dialects how they have been deprived of the benefits of being in the mainstream. The radio jingles are also focused on explaining to the tribals the importance of education and development,\" said an official.AIR has been airing them for the past one month in the four states. It will cost the government approximately Rs 1.65 crore for two months. The plan will be reviewed by November 20. The government may later engage private individuals to counter Maoist propaganda on a much bigger scale.Use of jingles is, however, just a small part of the government's overall counter-propaganda strategy. The idea is to reach out to the villagers also through posters, advertisements and short films to inform people of what the Maoists are up to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959268", "title": "Activists rally in Italy for ban on Victoria horses", "text": "MUMBAI: The overworked Victoria horses of Mumbai now have an ally in Rome , Italy, where over 100 Italians on Thursday protested outside the Indian embassy to press for a total ban on Victorias. Upset that horses in Mumbai are forced to pull overloaded Victoria carriages for the \"benefit\" of tourists, the Italian animal lovers decided to organize a loud but peaceful protest.One of the protesters, Helen Dufton, who is also an India enthusiast, told mediapersons, \"I have often been told that the Victorias are part of the city's charm and that tourists love them. This is completely untrue, as many European tourists find it rather pathetic and deplorable to see weak and injured horses being made to run for money.\"Dufton added that the Italian protesters want to send out a loud and clear message to the Indian government that they do not want to see the poor horses being subject to cruelty in the name of tourism. The protesters distributed pamphlets regarding Mumbai's Victoria horses to passersby in Rome, along with recent cases of accidents involving the horses on the city's streets.\"We are very happy that prominent international tourists, like those from Italy, have organized this protest to save Mumbai's horses. The activists even knew about the public interest litigation (PIL) on the issue of banning Victoria horses that is currently being heard in the Bombay high court,'' said Mumbai-based animal activist and lawyer Ambika Hiranandani.She added that earlier this year, over 2 lakh Mumbai residents had signed a memorandum initiated by the citizens' movement 'Mumbai For Horses' to push for a ban on Victorias. Just this Wednesday, another Victoria horse was left injured opposite Regal Cinema in south Mumbai because of a mistake by its reckless handler.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965673", "title": "Locals oppose Valiya Veli seawall plan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Fishermen at Valiya Veli, a coastal village here, are in a dilemma as the government has decided to build a seawall along the coastal lines of the village. The 'Theeradesha Samrakshana Samithi' led by Poundkadavu ward councillor Jolly David has alleged that a section of employees of the irrigation department, a group of contractors and sand mafia were behind the move.\"The Valiya Veli coastal area is not a sea erosion-prone area. The government has now ordered the building of a 21-meter wide, three-meter deep and 1,080-meter long seawall here, which means almost 1,000 tonnes of sand will be taken away from here. We strongly believe that the irrigation department, contractors and sand mafia have a hidden agenda to loot the sand on our shore. Building a seawall to control tidal waves is completely unscientific,\" says Swathanthra Matsya Thozhilali Federation state president T Peter.According to the fisherfolks, the seawall would impact their livelihood as they would not get enough space to dry fish and fishing nets. \"Earlier, seawalls were built at Poonthura, Panathura, Beemapalli, Cheriyathura and Thazhapally. Now, the fishermen from those places come here to dry fish. How will we take our boats to the sea once the wall comes up?\" said Raju Paulose, who had won the 'best fisherman of the year' award constituted by the fishing community in Thiruvananthapuram.There are around 30 houses here that are under sea erosion threat. Margerette John and Antonia Nelson, who own such houses, say they wouldn't mind losing their homes to tidal waves. They say they won't mind relocating from their ancestral house but would protest against the seawall construction. \"House can be constructed again. We have to feed our children and give them good education. We have to depend on 'kadalamma' for our daily bread. Whatever happens, she is our only source of income,\" said Margerette.\"We will be shattered. We have been living here for the past 44 years. We have seen many faces of the sea. But we are more scared of the government authorities now,\" said Agnes Roman.The Theeradesha Samrakshana Samithi has submitted a memorandum to chief minister Oommen Chandy, leader of opposition V S Achuthanandan, revenue minister Adoor Prakash, water resources minister P J Joseph and fisheries minister K Babu urging them to take urgent steps to cancel the seawall plan. They have also urged immediate steps to relocate the 30 families that are facing sea erosion threat. \"Building seawall is not a solution for our plight. Instead, the government should give land for these families to shift their houses. We will not allow them to construct the seawall. The government will face stiff resistance if they go ahead with the plan,\" said Jolly David.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16958829", "title": "Lifeguards for Vizag beaches", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Worried over the spurt in drowning cases in various beaches of the port city, the police have deployed community guards who would be akin to the system of lifeguards at various beaches in the country. This move comes close on the heels of another incident of a youth drowning in Ramakrishna beach on Wednesday evening.To mark the occasion, city police, Gitam University and Greater Visakha Municipal Corporation (GVMC) organised a mock drill at the Rushikonda beach on Thursday to create awareness among the beach goers. The awareness programme was conducted a day after Rahul, a tourist from WB, drowned at the RK beach on Dasara.Eighteen youth from the local fishermen community were roped in as community guards. They would be posted at three beaches in the city once they complete the one-month training on life saving under the guidance of the Coast Guard. Police officials said the guards would be posted at Yarada, Rushikonda and RK beaches and the GVMC would take care of their salaries.Police commissioner J Poornachandra Rao urged the Gitam College students to create awareness among the tourists on the dangerous rip currents in the sea because of which several drowning cases are being reported at the beaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16960482", "title": "HUDA mulls ending contract with Kingdom of Dreams over pending dues", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is considering termination of the contract with Kingdom of Dreams (KoD) over non-payment of Rs 12 crore dues.Top HUDA officials claimed that a detailed note on the need to terminate the contract with KoD has been prepared and sent to the authority's administrator Praveen Kumar. HUDA's finance and accounts department has also supported the proposal to terminate contract with KoD.HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar said, \"Kingdom of Dreams has already been given notices regarding the pending payment dues and the agreement will be cancelled if its not paid.\" Earlier, the estate officer II had sent notices to KoD over non-payment of the dues. The first two notices were issued in June 2011 and the pending amount till June was Rs 5.83 crore. The amount increased to Rs 7.63 crore by November 2011, and now dues have swelled to Rs 12 crore.The Kingdom of Dreams management has said in the past that HUDA had miscalculated the rent and overlooked the exponential rise in its investment. In February 2008, HUDA and Great Indian Nautanki Company had signed an agreement and the land was leased out for 15 years to the company. According to the agreement, the firm had to pay Rs 36 lakh per month as rent and invest Rs 40 crore for the development of the site. The company took possession of the land in March 2008.The Kingdom of Dreams also claimed that the state government had allowed the project to be free of charge for one year, which has not been taken into account while calculating the rental dues and date of actual possession of the land. A senior HUDA official said: \"Excluding the time duration for which KoD thinks it should not be charged rent, it should pay the rest of the rent as per the agreement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16960853", "title": "Cops to identify habitual immigration offenders", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the rise in cases of illegal immigration at Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport, the Sardarnagar police have started tracking those agents who helped the Indians taking illegal routes to the countries such as the US, UK and Canada.Officials said that the deported persons are questioned thoroughly about their contacts in the respective countries and in India to know the network of agents.This year alone, the city airport has seen more than 25 deportations mainly from the US and UK. \"In many cases, it was found that the persons had spent more than a decade in the foreign country before returning home when they didn't have necessary papers to prove whether they had travelled the first time on legal documents. Every month, we have three to four cases related to immigration,\" said a Sardarnagar police official.Officials said that they have observed name of some of the agents cropping up on a regular basis. \"Agents such as Babu Choksi are often sought by the illegal immigrants to come back. Recently, a 60-year old man, who had come to the US on passport of a lookalike, was caught from the airport. He confessed that he had paid Choksi Rs 5 lakh to get a passport as he didn't have his own when we had gone there seven years back through another agent,\" said the official.Officials said that the profiling will help them curb the crime. \"Given the number of illegal immigrants, it is not a surprise that many take the help of such agents both in Gujarat and outside the state. While most of the immigrants are not highly educated, they end up doing odd jobs and flee back home when the homeland security increases heat,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16963905", "title": "Pay cut for careless Kanpur Municipal Corporation official", "text": "KANPUR: Municipal commissioner NK Singh Chauhan had ordered to deduct the salary of careless officials. The order was passed for the engineering department. There were complaints that officials of the department were not performing their duties properly. KMC sources said that there were numerous complaints that officials were not taking interest in solving the problems of public and the victims had to run from pillar to post to get the work done.According to order passed by Chauhan, engineers had to state their routine duty daily to chief engineer. He would pass that report to municipal commissioner and the two would cross-check these reports.The executive engineers and assistant engineers had to inspect the wards under their jurisdiction daily and report accordingly .The chief engineer had been asked to deduct the salary of erring officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16961046", "title": "There's no rest for the drivers before a race", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even though there's no racing action on Thursday, the drivers have a choc-a-bloc day in front of them. From media interactions to meeting sponsorship commitments and spending time with their engineers, F1 drivers don't get to exactly breathe easy.The first thing that they do upon arriving at the track facility is take a walk around the circuit with their engineer. For a driver who hasn't raced at a circuit before, the track walk is his first attempt to get a feel of the track.He can learn the bumps, the cambers, how the kerbs are set up, which ones to attack, and which to leave alone. A lengthy debrief session with the engineers usually follows the walk wherein the drivers and engineers chart out a possible car setup and strategy. A briefing with the media manager prepares the drivers for what awaits them through the day.A large part of the day also goes in the drivers fulfilling sponsor commitments. At the Sahara Force India paddock, for example, drivers Paul di Resta and Nico Hulkenberg spent time chatting and clicking pictures with winners of a contest run by their sponsor Hackett.Hulkenberg and di Resta have perhaps been the busiest drivers by virtue of them having done more interviews and photo ops than any other driver. Hulkenberg was also a part of the FIA press conference which saw Heikki Kovalainen from Caterham, Williams' Bruno Senna , Jean-Eric Vergne from Toro Rosso, India's very own Narain Karthikeyan and Lotus' Kimi 'Iceman' Raikkonen. On race weekends, Thursdays have their own charm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960196", "title": "Delhi University teachers, students for joint protest against VC", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a rare event, the teachers, students and non-teaching-staff associations of Delhi University are joining forces. They have announced a \"joint protest\" on Friday, on the premises of the vice-chancellor's office, at the same spot where the Delhi University Teachers' Association has been staging a relay-hunger-strike since October 10. On Friday, they will be joined by Delhi University Students' Union ( DUSU) as well as the Delhi University and College Karmachari Union (DUCKU).\"The current VC, Prof Dinesh Singh, has antagonized all sections of the university fraternity by displaying open hostility against the democratically elected bodies of students, teachers and non-teaching employees. Instead of engaging in a dialogue ... he has chosen to consistently attack the three organs and suppress protests by deploying authoritarian measures which smack of a fundamental disregard, on his part, of the sense of collectivity which comprises the university,\" says a joint statement issued by the three bodies on Thursday.The coming together of the three is rare occurrence. \"It is happening after a long time. The three issuing a joint set of demands is new as is the fact that students, teachers and non-teaching staff are being forced to come together after fighting their battles separately for long,\" says Shaswati Mazumdar, former DUTA president.Meanwhile, an online petition on change.org, titled, \"Stop the VC, Delhi University from Implementing Anti-Student 'Reforms'\" has been supported by over 300. \"What is remarkable is that students and parents are coming forward to support us,\" says Abha Dev Habib, DUTA member.The large number of vacancies \u2014 which run into thousands \u2014 delay in hiring and promotions and the system of hiring ad-hoc teachers have both the teaching and non-teaching community perturbed. Students are more concerned about the rather drastic changes being made in the examination systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16959866", "title": "The modern-day Krittibas", "text": "KOLKATA: It took a lot of guts for a 19-year-old to start Krittibas in 1953 out of a small workspace in Wellington Square. It wasn't long before people started calling it a milestone in Bengali literature. And today, most Bengali poets admit that they have been made by Krittibas.When Krittibas came into being on a rain soaked July afternoon, the idea was to offer a platform for budding poets, for whom getting published was well near a Herculean task. The first editors of the magazine were Dipak Majumdar and Ananda Bagchi. Soon Sunil Gangopadhyay joined as an editor - a responsibility he discharged with aplomb till the very latest edition of the magazine.The best names in verse of those times - Shakti Chattopadhyay, Shankha Ghosh, Tarapada Roy, Dibyendu Palit, Utpal Basu, Samarendra Sengupta and Sarat Kumar Mukhopadhyay - contributed to Krittibas from the very beginning.What started as an assembly of like-minded poets turned into a laboratory for experimentation in verse. The young Turks of poetry started breaking every accepted norm and took the society by shock and awe. The de-construction of Bengali poetry, as it were, that started in the post Tagore era by poets like Buddhadeb Basu, Jibanananda Das and Samar Sen was carried forward by this new band of Krittibasi poets. Their poems started being called Natun Daak - a new call - that made people sit up and take note.Perhaps it was with Jibanananda and Buddhadeb Basu that the orthodox reader of Bengal woke up to seeing their own lives and loves mirrored in verse, but it was with the iconic Krittibas that they also realised that even sex and the negatives of life could be brought into the realm of poetry.Even slangs like 'saala' started trickling into poetry. \"Poetry stopped being rhythm- or meter-centric. Instead these started getting concealed in the expression of poetry. The language changed from being flowery and ornamental to the everyday spoken language,\" said Goutam Das of Parampara, the publishing house that has been publishing Krittibas for sometime now. Gangopadhyay re-started it after a hiatus. He remained passionately involved with the magazine till his last day. He selected poems, gave assignments to poets and checked final copies before they went to print.It was Krittibas that saw poetry using English words liberally, again creating a new style. Almost every poet of this generation like Joy Goswami, Pinaki Thakur, Srijato, Shibashish Mukherjee, Mandakranta Sen, Prabal Basu and Bithi Chattopadhyay were creations of this magazine.Though it remained a little magazine, it never failed to create a stir with its special numbers where it openly took a position, often against the tide. \"Take the case of the Bar Bodhu issue that came out soon after Ashim Chakraborty's play triggered a social outcry. Krittibas backed the play creating yet another furore,\" Das said.Poet Shibashish Mukherjee admits he owes his poetic identity to Gangopadhyay and Krittibas. \"He nurtured the magazine and every word that went into it like a baby. It is from the assignments that he handed to me that I got a taste of the different styles of verse. Krittibas is not just a magazine. It is a lifestyle. You had to come to the Sunday addas of Krittibas at Sunil-da's house to see how poets lived verse under his guidance,\" he said.Gangopadhyay had an insatiable lust for life, something that made him hate it when others inquired after his failing health of late.He yearned to live and create with zest as he insisted on never being called 'babu'. The modern day Krittibas will remain a dada to generations of poets, fans and followers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964705", "title": "Shruti competes with Sonam", "text": "It looks like Shruti Haasan is giving a tough time to Sonam Kapoor.The elder daughter of Kamal Haasan is receiving a lot of praise for her fashion statements. The actress recently played muse for the popular designer duo Shantanu and Nikhil's bridal couture. She was also seen on the cover of a popular international magazine and will be seen on the cover of another one.Sonam Kapoor , daughter of veteran actor Anil Kapoor is considered to be a fashionista but it looks like Shruti is giving her some competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962882", "title": "Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh Face finale", "text": "And finally, it is time for the Clean &amp; Clear Chandigarh Times Fresh Face 2012 to reach its finale today. As our 20 finalists reach a nail biting finish the event in itself promises to be lots of masti, glamour and fun. Our celebrity guests for this gala evening that will hosted at the happening DT Mall, are actors Gulzar Inder Singh Chahal and Neetu Singh , co-stars in the upcoming Punjabi film 'Dil Tainu Karda Pyar'. While Neetu is a former Miss Punjaban, Gulzar has come back into Punjabi films after doing Puneet Issar's Hindi film 'I Am Singh' on the controversial subject of mistaken identity after the 9/11 attacks.To be held at DT Mall, in IT Park, Manimajra, the finale will see 20 of the coolest freshers from various colleges in city bag the coveted the title of the hottest girl and hottest guy on campus. And while they get to the crown, they will prance around, croon, or showcase another talent and walk the ramp in designer outfits by Charu Prashar. Keep reading this space to find out who wins the freshest contest on campus ever!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16962726", "title": "More objective questions in Plus II", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Council of Higher Secondary Education (CHSE) has finally announced the changed question pattern for Plus II examination. From the next year, 70% of the questions will be objective-type. Students will have to answer only four long answer-type questions in each subject. Till 2012, there were 60% objective questions and 40% long answer-type questions. \"We will take out advertisements to publicize the new model soon. Though the change was conveyed to the colleges, the exact details were worked out recently,\" said Jasobanta Behera, controller of examinations at the CHSE, which conducts the Plus II examination.As per the CHSE decision, all 100-mark optional papers except mathematics will have 15 multiple choice questions and 15 one-word answer questions of one mark each. There would be 11 questions of two marks each, which examinees have to answer in two to three sentences. They have to answer six three-mark questions within six sentences. These apart, four long questions out of six, each carrying 7.5 marks, will have to be answered.Mathematics will have 10 one-mark objective questions, 20 short-answer type questions of three marks each and four long questions of 7.5 marks each. The compulsory Odia language paper will have 30 one-mark questions, 11 two-mark questions, six three-mark questions and four questions of 7.5 marks each.Just like previous years, subjects having practical examinations will have 70 marks in theory papers and 30 in practical. However, the theory papers will have more objective-type questions from the next year. There would be 10 multiple choice questions (1x10), 10 one-word answer questions (1x10), 10 questions with answers in two to three sentences (10x2), three questions inviting answers within six sentences (3x3) and three long answer questions carrying seven marks (3x7). There would be six long answer questions from which a student can choose any three.\"The decision to shift to objective-type questions was taken to improve the average score of students in Odisha. In the earlier format, our students were at a position of disadvantage compared to those in CBSE and ICSE affiliated schools,\" said the CHSE controller of examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963005", "title": "Yash Chopra was very fond of me: Raakhee Gulzar", "text": "Raakhee Gulzar, Yash Chopra's original Chandni who did 5 films with him, talks about her long association with the eternal romanticist\"I can't believe Yash is gone! Did he die of complications related to dengue? Sad! He was very fond of me. Why? Don't ask me. Maybe because he was fond of food and I loved to cook. I still do. So the combination of a someone who enjoyed cooking and someone who enjoyed eating worked for us. He used to order me to make his favourite food. I used to cook his favourite dishes. Those were lovely times. They'll never come back.During the outdoor shooting of Kabhie Kabhie I'd cook and the entire team would sit and eat together. Nowadays forget about eating together, actors don't eat! I remember Yash and the whole team used to play games with coins worth Rs 5. We used to have a great time entertaining ourselves.My association with Yash Chopra started even before Daag. I knew Yash and his wife Pam from the time when they were just married. The first time I worked with Yash was in Joshila in 1972 where I played the female lead with Dev Anand. Even before Joshila, Yash came to with Ittefaq . I couldn't do that film because I was committed to do Jeevan Mrityu with director Satyen Bose as my first film. Joshila started my long association with two of my favourite film personalities Dev Anand and Yash Chopra.When Yash directed his first independent film I don't know why he chose me for Daag. I was relatively new at that time. And mine was the author-backed role in Daag. My character was taken from novelist Gulshan Nanda's novel Maili Chandni. People liked my character of Chandni and our connection continued. I didn't have a single song in Daag. But did I really care about such things! The unconventional route always fascinated me.Why only in Daag, in my subsequent films with Yash\u2014 Trishul and Kala Patthar \u2014I didn't have any songs. When I married Gulzar, Yash became our neighbour. He then offered me Kabhie Kabhie after my marriage. I think Kabhie Kabhie was conceived keeping me in mind. Lyricist Sahir Ludhianvi, I think, wrote the songs keeping me in mind.Gulzar and I used to regularly visit Yash's home. This was during those times when I was pregnant with my daughter Meghna and Yash's son Adi was a child. One day in the presence of Amitabh Bachchan , they played a song and Pam said, 'This song is for Raakhee'. That's how Kabhie Kabhie was offered to me. Yash Chopra said, 'I'd drop the film . But I won't make it with any other heroine.' Since acting was the only thing I enjoyed, I agreed to do the film even after marriage.When we started shooting for Kabhie Kabhie I had to do intensely romantic scenes with Amitabh. That was a problem, since Amitabh and Jaya called me 'Bahurani'. So Kabhie Kabhie started on a note of conflict for me. The first day of shooting when Amitabh had to sing Sahir's romantic line to me while I had my hair in his lap, I felt so awkward. Yash helped me to get over awkwardness.... Yash was like a family member. He would come home, open the cupboard and say, 'I want you to wear this saree for tomorrow's shooting.' Do you know, all the jewellery that I wore for my suhaagraat scene in Kabhie Kabhie were my own jewellery from my own wedding!Yash had great observation powers. He wanted me to a wear a shaadi ka joda in Kabhie Kabhie exactly like the one worn by singer Mukesh's daughter during her wedding. God knows how he remembered that particular joda. I think he just revered everything to do with women. He romanced to the fullest. Not only his heroines, Yash was equally fascinated by everything to do with his wife. He wanted her to wear particular perfumes only, so that he'd feel her presence. He was enamoured of femininity.After Kabhie Kabhie I did Trishul with Yash and in-between Trishul I shot for Doosra Aadmi which Yash produced and Ramesh Talwar directed. When Trishul was narrated to me by Salim-Javed in Yash's presence, I was hesitant about playing the working girl. They insisted, I had a very bold role in Doosra Aadmi. I had to smoke and drink and romance Rishi Kapoor. Come to think of it I never really played the conventional romantic heroine with Amitabh in Yash Chopra's films. In Kabhie Kabhie I loved Amitabh but I married Shashi Kapoor. In Trishul and Kala Patthar I had no romantic songs with Amitabh.Yash wasn't too heavily into technical aspects of filmmaking. He went by the heart. His approach to filmmaking was lyrical. There was no vulgarity about his presentation. And he was fascinated with femininity. He had a certain image and vision of the ideal woman. You won't find his heroines behaving, dressing or talking loudly. There was a great dignity in his women. And I think he continued portraying his heroines as 'Chandni' till his last film. He portrayed the man-woman relationship in all its splendour.Yash was a thinker on the sets. He never raised his voice. I remember he used to put his hand in his coat and he'd stare towards the sky. What did he think about? I wonder! He had a great team to execute his vision. The last film I did with Yash was Kala Patthar . Then I ceased to be heroine-material. Sridevi and then Madhuri Dixit played Yash's ideal woman.One has to make way. Just like before me there was Mala Sinha , Sharmila Tagore and Sadhana in Yash Chopra's films. The older must make way for the young. But I really enjoyed the variety of roles I did with Yash. I played Rishi Kapoor's mother in Kabhie Kabhie and his beloved in Doosra Aadmi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16961330", "title": "Opposition says key issues unaddressed", "text": "MADURAI: Though the ruling AIADMK is in a mood for celebration after completing one year in the Madurai city corporation, opposition parties rued that not much had been done to provide public amenities and the key issues like solid waste management, sewage management and infrastructure are yet to be addressed. \"During their election campaign, reducing the underground drainage tax that was hiked by the then DMK regime was the main propaganda, but they are yet to achieve it. Instead, they have increased the drinking water tax from Rs 418 to 900 to add to the burden of the common people,\" said M Chellam, CPM councillor in the corporation. \"We should appreciate them for the road works that are in good condition inside the city limits, though they are yet to start road works in the wards,\" she said.The annexed areas to the corporation are in a dire condition due to poor amenities and lack of corporation staff in these areas to carry out garbage clearing, sanitation and other works. \"They have to provide basic amenities and required staff to the annexed areas first,\" said S Veerakumar, PMK councillor of 60th ward. \"The situation is one and the same across all the annexed areas to the corporation,\" he said.The acute shortage of workers, especially sanitation cadre, was a serious concern as 838 workers had to be deployed. The maintenance of sewage pumping stations had been handed over to private contractors, but the streets overflowed with sewage as the pumping stations did not operate properly during power cuts, said Chellam. Due to this, drinking water is mixed with sewage water in many areas and the issue had been brought up many times in corporation council meetings.\"They have nothing to celebrate. Just show us one good work before any celebrations,\" M L Raj, floor leader of DMK councillors said. \"Not even a single infrastructure work was carried out in the city limits and the council meetings turn out to be flattering sessions for their leader with every resolution thanking her. They have been thanking the CM from February for the Rs 250 crore state contribution of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM) which is yet to arrive,\" Raj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962390", "title": "Neel Lohit, we stay indebted", "text": "Sunil and I used to study in the same institution \u2014 City College , Amherst Street \u2014 though he was a batch senior. So our friendship goes back to our college days. As students, we used to act in plays together and both of us were into college politics.I still remember that once we staged Rammohan where I played the title role and Sunil essayed another pivotal role. Needless to say, he was good at that too. Sunil used to come to watch my plays and he wrote extraordinarily about my acting after watching King Lear. His prolific output has enriched Bengali literature and his unique writing style made him stand apart from his contemporaries.Sunil was a formidable poet. When he started Krittibas, it became a platform for a new generation of poets who loved to experiment with poetic themes, rhythms, and words. Many a time Sunil asked me to write for this magazine and I happily contributed. When I started Ekkhon, a little magazine, Sunil regularly wrote for it. Many films are being made from his writings and I feel honoured that I got the opportunity to act in some of them, like Aranyer Din Ratri and Kakababu Here Gelen.What I liked \u2014 and remember \u2014 most are Sunil's behaviour and his smile. We would meet regularly or talk over the phone. Each adda was so enriching that we both used to look forward to it. As a human being, too, Sunil was unparalleled. He's undoubtedly one of the best intellectuals of his time; the vacuum he leaves behind cannot be filled. We all remain indebted to you, Neel Lohit.(As told to Ruman Ganguly)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16965085", "title": "Tokyo varsity to select Super 30 student", "text": "PATNA: Highly impressed by Anand Kumar's innovative Super 30 programme, which has helped many a student from underprivileged sections of the society to make it to the prestigious IITs, University of Tokyo has decided to select an Indian student from Bihar to help him/her pursue studies in the varsity free of cost. The 135-year-old university has decided to select the student from Super 30 through internal competition this year.Hiroshi Yoshino, director of University of Tokyo India office, was in the city on Wednesday to discuss selection modalities with Super 30 founder Anand Kumar. He told TOI, \"To encourage more Indian students in the Japanese university, we have decided to initiate this project from Super 30 students through competition. At present, there are very few Indian students pursuing their career in Japan,\" he said.\"The selected student will be free to pursue career of his or her choice in Tokyo free of cost from next academic year,\" Yoshino said. Japan's largest grocery chain, CGC Company, has decided to sponsor the selected student.Anand Kumar was happy over the development. \"It is a matter of pride that students of Super 30 have got recognition by the University of Tokyo. \"I feel proud of my students,\" Kumar told TOI.Super 30 has won wide recognition for its pioneering efforts over the years. Last year, Newsweek and Time magazines had featured Anand's Super 30. Media from France, Japan, UK, Canada and various other countries had shot films on Anand's Super 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963910", "title": "Akhila makes her Kannada debut", "text": "Yet another model-turned-actor Akhila Kishore is testing waters in the Kannada film industry. The film Padhe Padhe also stars Tarun Chandra and Mrudhula in lead roles.Akhila, who was in Mysore for the shoot of the film recently, says, \"I am playing the role of a singer in the movie. I play an introvert by nature. The love angle comes in when my character falls for the character played by Tarun Chandra. It is a triangular love story with a lot of twists and turns.\"Of working with Tarun, Akhila tells us, \"He has been a very co-operative co-star and it was great to work with him in my first film. He was most helpful as he would always correct me whenever I went wrong and explain the nuiances of acting,\" she says.While she is still shooting for her debut, she says she has enjoyed the experience so far and would love to take on new and challenging roles. Though, she adds, \"I will wait for the release of this film to see how the audience reacts before I start signing more films.\"--------- Thanks and regards, Kavya Christopher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965827", "title": "Corporation to press Vilappil case in HC", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Giving a very clear signal to the state government regarding its stance on the Vilappilsala issue, the corporation council on Thursday decided to press the case filed by it at the high court to reopen the garbage treatment plant.The corporation's decision comes hardly a week after the government filed an affidavit at the high court seeking the court's permission to shut down the garbage plant permanently. The council meeting which flitted from one issue to the other, including non-availability of tar to distribution of old-age pension, remained mysteriously silent on the government's new proposal to move garbage to quarries.Even the councillors who had been instrumental in forming action council in their wards against the government's new alternative for waste management seemed busy discussing the inefficacy of contractors and mourning the apathy of corporation officials in getting various projects done.The council meeting was supposed to take a final decision as to how corporation should respond to the government's plan to use abandoned quarries for waste processing. Instead, the council skillfully switched between relatively less relevant topics and made sure that the debatable issue of waste management was never touched upon.However, the council expressed its anxiety over the soaring garbage heaps and spread of epidemics and even came up with a city protection council to combat the challenge. The council will have mayor K Chandrika as its chairperson and three representatives of LDF, BJP and UDF as convenors.Lack of clarity regarding the new idea of city protection council was soon evident. As per the plan, each councillor will have to form ward-level councils. When the councillors sounded worried about facing the public ire during the meetings, mayor assured them that everything will be taken care of. BJP councillor Mohanan Nair demanded that the mayor should also be present to calm down the public. \"So far we couldn't do anything to solve the crisis. Now, if we invite the public to form ward-level councils, they will go mad. The mayor's presence should be ensured in every meeting,\" Nair said.UDF councillor M B Rashmi asked the ruling council to ensure availability of medicines in each ward before going ahead with conventions and meetings. The council meeting has decided to form ward-level protection councils from November 1 to 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16964134", "title": "Roads to Soudha are left wanting", "text": "BELGAUM: Residents of Belgaum city are proud about housing the Suvarna Vidhana Soudha, but the roads that lead to the Soudha leave their heads hanging in shame. Fort Road, one of the main roads in the city, is in a pathetic condition and the shop owners on this stretch are a fed up lot. \"We pay our rent on time, we pay our taxes, yet the authorities have failed to look into our problems. The stretch is full of potholes and no one is bothered to set right it,\" they say.The untarred roads raise a lot of dust dirtying the products on display. Though the issue was brought to the notice of the corporators and the MLA, no action has been taken till date, they complain. \"The government spent crores of rupees to construct the Soudha, but they do not have money to fix the roads. If the roads are not set right at the earliest, we will stage a protest in front of the corporation,\" said Iqbal, one among the shop owners.There are 170 shops on Fort Road and nearly 500 people work here. The health condition of these people is worrying as the dust leaves them with headache, cough and congestion. Fort Road also connects with other important roads and everyday thousands of vehicles ply on this road, pointed Iqbal.\"If the rents are not paid on time, the corporation collects a fine of Rs 25. But when it comes to providing basic facilities, they have not bothered,\" he added.When this was brought to the notice of North MLA Firoz Sait, he said: \"Few days ago, shop owners from Fort Road approached me and I have assured them to look into the issue at the earliest. I will bring this issue to the notice of the DC and see that the road is repaired at the earliest.\"This is not the only bad road in Belgaum city, Church Road in Azamnagar also faces the same problem. The road, which is also called Bauxite Road, is full of potholes and vehicle users have met with accidents in a bid to avoid potholes. Belgaum City Corporation commissioner Priyanka Mary Francis promised to set right the problem. \"Will speak to the engineers concerned,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16963791", "title": "Zoysa takes guard, meets Goan cricketers", "text": "PANAJI: Nuwan Zoysa strode in like a colossus and, with his stature, it was no surprise that he made heads turn at the Academy ground in Porvorim on Thursday.The strapping former Sri Lankan medium fast was introduced to the Ranji probables by Goa Cricket Association secretary Chetan Desai and on the evidence of the first day's first show, his coaching consultant role for Goan cricket - even if it's only for 10 days this season - is likely to be as smooth as his bowling action.\"I am just having a look at the players and trying to see what best I can do for them. I will be here for a short period and my aim will be to motivate these talented cricketers. They are a good bunch and I know some of them,\" said Zoysa while speaking to TOI after the not-so-formal introduction.Zoysa met each and every probable individually and, like he said, there were a few faces known to him. Of course, top of that list was coach Dodda Ganesh and then there were the likes of Swapnil Asnodkar and Shadab Jakati , both made famous by their stints in the Indian Premier League (IPL).The GCA have handed a special invitation to Zoysa - who has played 35 Tests and 90 One-day Internationals for Sri Lanka - and offered him the role of a coaching consultant. With his assignments back home in Sri Lanka where he is into his second year as coach of NCC and his assistant coaching post with Sri Lanka Premier League side Nagenahira Nagas, Zoysa ruled out an extended stint this season. He promised, though, to give Goan cricket a fresh impetus next season.\"I have a motive in coaching the Goan team. Cricket has given so much to me and I want to give back something to the game, regardless of whether it's in Sri Lanka or here in Goa. The (Goa) assignment is a new venture and I am keeping my fingers crossed,\" said Zoysa, whose international career was plagued by injuries.Goa open their Ranji Trophy campaign on November 9 at home against Jammu &amp; Kashmir, and Zoysa is keen to watch at least two days' cricket. He admits it's going to be tough with a hectic schedule back home but by that time, if he is not around, he would have briefed the players well.\"I've done some reading on Goan cricket and, typically, it's the small things that ultimately matter. Composure is an absolute must and with my experience I am confident that we can turn things around,\" he said.So while Goan cricketers try to maintain their composure, their hopes of taking their game to the next level rests on Zoysa's ability to help make the shift.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16965065", "title": "Gadkari, Vadra must declare their business interests: Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Activist Arvind Kejriwal demanded on Friday that BJP chief Nitin Gadkari and Robert Vadra declare all their business interests and where all they own land in the country.He said the probe against Gadkari by IT Department was an \"eye-wash\" as Congress and BJP were \"hand in glove\" trying to save each other.\"Vadra should publicise where all he owns land. What are his business interests? When did he buy this land and at what cost? Gadkari and Vadra should publicise all their business interests in the country and abroad,\" he said.On the income tax department launching a probe to trace the source of funding of various firms that invested in Gadkari's company Purti Power and Sugar Limited, he said government has said that the IT Department would submit a report in a month.\"IT Act has no provision for such a probe. Is the government fooling people. Under the IT Act, you can raid under Section 132, or survey under Section 133 A or scrutinise under Section 143. What is the Government doing?\"Will IT find anything if it conducts raids or surveys? Raids are conducted in secrecy. This is how CBI conducts raids after grand announcements. And what happened to Robert Vadra? Does any agency have guts to even summon him or investigate him. He is so right. It's a banana republic,\" he said.He also asked if the IT Department is probing Gadkari, why was it not investigating Vadra. \"Are all these probes merely an eyewash? Time will tell. It would further prove that Congress and BJP are hand in glove,\" he said.He said media reports claimed that Haryana officers gave clean chit to Vadra.\"That was expected. Country would be surprised if it were otherwise. In Haryana, all good officers are shunted out. Those in key positions crawl when asked to bend. Now Cong will protect Gadkari and BJP will protect Vadra,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16964704", "title": "Make A Difference (Mad) to raise funds for charity the fun-filled way", "text": "MANGALORE: Mad ( Make A Difference), an NGO working for the upliftment of the poor and underprivileged, in association with Western Institute of Technology will organize Go MAD 2.0, a two-day programme at City Centre Mall on Saturday and Sunday to raise funds for charity. Mad identifies young high-potential leaders and puts them in touch with children at risk in orphanages and street shelters. These leaders try to empower children with English language skills through study materials offered by Cambridge University Press. \"Go MAD 2.0 is a fund raising initiative of the Mangalore chapter of Mad and all the proceeds go for charity,\" said its coordinator Bhaskar.As part of the event Mad will organize quiz, dancing and spelling bee competitions. The contests will be held separately for junior and senior sections. Preliminary competitions will be conducted before the main event.\"Besides these, the City Centre will also be playing host to a number of other events like treasure hunt, photo-booth and dream tee sale. A marathon will also be held on the occasion. It will commence at the mall at 7am on Sunday,\" he added.\"Mad wants to make this world a place where all children can choose a career based on their aspirations and potential, rather than being obliged to take up something out of financial restraints or low morale,\" Bhaskar said. Mad has a dedicated volunteer base of 100 students and working professionals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16960711", "title": "Two cross-border smugglers held with 5kg heroin, fake Indian currency notes", "text": "AMRITSAR: State special operation cell, Amritsar, a unit of Counter Intelligence wing of Punjab police recovered 5 kg heroin valued at around Rs 25 crore in the international market and Rs 2.25 lakh fake Indian currency notes, following the arrest of two cross-border smugglers Jassa Singh and Harpal Singh.Assistant Inspector Geneal Rachpal Singh informed on Thursday that both of them were apprehended from near Ram Teerath road, while they were waiting for a party to deliver the consignment of heroin and fake notes in their Scorpio car.He informed that the preliminary investigations of the alleged accused had revealed that, the duo was indulging in cross-border smuggling of heroin and fake Indian currency notes and were delivering them to different destinations like Amritsar and Delhi.\"It has also been revealed that the accused have delivered two consignments of heroin, recently at different destinations,\" said he, adding that they were trying to decipher the Pak connection of smugglers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16963228", "title": "Congress to carry out pest control across city wards", "text": "NASHIK: The city Congress unit has taken up pest control measures to curb the mosquito menace. The activity began at Dwarka on Thursday.The city unit president, Akash Chhajed said the activity would be carried out throughout the city in the next ten days.\"Outbreak of dengue has been a major concern for the citizens and there have been number of representations to the NMC administration to implement additional sanitary measures. Without relying on the administration to act upon these requests, the Congress has decided to hire services of private pest control organizations to spray in areasa to ensure that mosquitoes cannot breed in large numbers,\" Chhajed said.While there were hardly any detractors except Lakshman Jaibhave\u2014who appeared to be present in both the camps; only a limited number of members attended the programme. State revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat, who was to be the chief guest, could not come reportedly because of some important engagement that cropped up.\"The party has taken this step to assure the citizens that we were committed to the health of every individual in the city and hence the programme will not be limited only to the wards represented by Congress corporators, but all the places where Congress leaders feel the need to undertake it,\" Chhajed said.One of the members of the party, on the condition of anonymity, however said that the exercise was only meant to divert attention from the internal bickering within the party and that such an exercise would hardly achieve anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16961328", "title": "Man ostracised from village, attempts suicide", "text": "MADURAI: A 34-year-old mason from Palamedu village in the district consumed poison after he was allegedly ostracised from the village for questioning the expenditure and asking the accounts of the village committee comprising heads of various communities. The village committee (podhu maha sabai) runs a dairy farm and the mason had alleged that there was misappropriation of funds and the panchayat president was hand in glove with the blue metal quarry owners.The mason, S Sangili preferred a police complaint but no action was taken on it. Instead, police registered a case and arrested him based on a complaint from a village committee member. He was released after a fortnight's remand. On Tuesday last, he consumed poison and attempted suicide. Sangili was rushed to Government Rajaji Hospital where his condition is stated to be stable.Sangili's friend, P Packiaraj, 32, said that along with them two more people, V Chandran, 28 and A Ramesh, 32, were also ostracised from the village for raising their voice against blue metal quarry operations nearby the villages. \"The quarry operations have destroyed the buildings in the village but the village heads are not taking any action and panchayat president is hand in glove with the quarry owners,\" Packiaraj claimed.When the village festival was held two months back, four of them were barred from contributing to the village festival in spite of them pressing for it and the gifts provided to all the families during the festival were not provided to their families, he charged. \"A false case has been framed against Sangili and he was remanded and detained in prison for seven days which frustrated him very much. We tried to console him, but he tried to commit suicide when we were busy with Saraswathi pooja work,\" he stated. He also complained that the police have not paid any attention to Sangili when complained about threats from a few villagers.When contacted, panchayat president, C Narayanasamy refuted such charges of ostracising the four and claimed that they were not obeying the village elders and instead wanted to dictate terms on their own. \"We have never ostracised anyone in the village but they are breaking the norms of the village where 18 communities live in peaceI heard that the boys' community leaders were not happy about their behaviour and some restrictions could have been imposed on them.Their families are living among us as usual and it was Sangili, who was in fact constructing my relative's house till recently,\" Narayanasamy stressed.Police sources at Palamedu station said that they have inquired in the village on this issue but such thing was not true. \"It was a dispute where the villagers are not happy about their behaviour and there is no ostracisation of anyone in the village,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960033", "title": "Youth found dead in drug rehab centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old youth was found dead inside a de-addiction centre in Dwarka on Thursday. The body had signs of torture, which made the police officers investigate and find out that the officials at the centre used to tie his hands for days, calling it a part of treatment.A board of doctors at the Maulana Azad Medical College opined that the youth died of a head injury. Following the medical opinion, Delhi Police has registered a case against the de-addiction centre under Section 304 A (causing death by negligence) and investigation is on.Praveen Verma, a resident of Raj Nagar, was admitted in Sahaj Sambhav De-addiction and Rehabilitation Centre in Palam Garden, Kakrola More, on September 12. He was a drug addict. His father, Shyam Sunder, who is a mechanic by profession, was also admitted in the centre as he is also an alcoholic.Shyam Sunder told police in his complaint, filed on October 22, \"I and my son have come to this centre earlier as well for treatment and stayed here. But this time, my son's condition worsened from day one. The centre did not take care of him properly. On September 16, when I went to see my son, I saw that his hands were tied and he was lying in semi-conscious state on the floor. When I asked the director of Sahaj Sambhav - Rekha Jhingan about his condition, she told me that they have given him medicine due to which he is sleeping. They did same exercise with my son for two days before I noticed it\".\"In the evening, one Niwas who is also admitted there, told me that he is scared because Praveen's condition had worsened. I went to see my son again. He was lying on the floor and was not responding. His nails had turned blue. I informed Shammi Ji, who gives medicines to the patients, after which an ambulance was called. We took him to Deen Dayal UpadhyayHospital where doctors told us that Praveen had died four hours ago,\" Shyam Sunder added in his complaint.The police was informed after which post mortem was conducted by a medical Board of doctors. The post mortem stated \"death is due to cerebral consequent upon blunt force impact to head. All injuries are ante-mortem in nature, recent in duration and are caused by blunt force/ surface impact\". Praveen's viscera has been preserved for chemical analysis to rule out concomitant poisoning.During inquiry, police took statements of other patients in the centre and most of them reportedly told the cops that authorities used to tie Praveen's hands. Police also took statement of director - Rekha Jhingan. The FIR was registered on October 22 after a month long enquiry.When contacted, Rekha Jhingan told TOI, \"These are wrong allegations. We took him to hospital when his condition worsened. We took care of Praveen. We have given our statements to police and are cooperating with them.\" Jhingan claimed that she is not even aware whether police has registered an FIR against the centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16960557", "title": "17% of all fatal accidents in Chennai are hit and run", "text": "CHENNAI: Close to 17% of all fatal accidents in the city are recorded as hit and run. The traffic police have registered 1,048 fatal accidents so far this year. In 178 of these cases, the person responsible did not stop to check the condition of the victim.In the last five years the percentage of hit and run cases in fatal accidents have been 15% to 18% in the city, whereas Delhi recorded 50% this year. On one hand, such behaviour reflects the attitude of society; on the other, it deprives the victim of emergency care. Precious minutes are lost as the victim waits for bystanders to call emergency services. Hit-and-run cases usually take place on roads with high-speed traffic and fewer people, like East Coast Road, Old Mahabalipuram Road, Grand Southern Trunk Road and Outer Ring Road.Police say they hunt for the accused if there are witnesses, \"We shortlist the vehicles based on clues such as the colour and make of the car, stickers and other information from witnesses, and start a search,\" said additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora.Police manage to trace about a third of those who have attempted to evade the law. Most accidents occur at night when there are hardly any witnesses. \"Senior citizens who walk on the road are usually the victims of hit-and-run cases,\" said Arora.Police do not book a separate case for evading them, but experts say the court may levy the maximum punishment available under the particular section of the Indian Penal Code. \"Fatal road traffic accidents have a maximum punishment of two years, which the court may order if the accused is traced by the police,\" said V S Suresh, a Madras high court advocate specialising in road traffic accidents. \"But police rarely find the right accused. Even if they do, the case gets complicated if the accused refuses to plead guilty. The court also questions the genuineness of the police allegations,\" he added.While morality and legality are one aspect, getting medical attention as soon as possible is another. . \"During a road traffic accident, if bleeding is profuse, the victim may have just five minutes. It is necessary that the ambulance is called as soon as possible,\" said B Prabhudoss, regional manager for the state-sponsored 108 ambulance service. \"If someone calls us about an accident, they can be assured there will be no legal hassle,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958999", "title": "Tainted ministers relieved as focus shifts to BJP president Nitin Gadkari", "text": "MUMBAI: Prominent politicians facing charges of irregularities and favouritism (including NCP president and agriculture minister Sharad Pawar), have heaved a sigh of relief after the focus on manipulation and corruption shifted to high-profile BJP president Nitin Gadkari.TOI had found that Gadkari was instrumental in floating more than a dozen shell companies that either did not exist or were not present at the addresses they were listed at. Further, it was found that directors and shareholders of Purti Power and Sugar Ltd (PPSL), set up by Gadkari, were his employees, including a driver and an accountant. In the wake of the series of reports, the ministry of corporate affairs has initiated a high-level probe into institutions set up by Gadkari.\"We definitely feel relieved. We feel that the focus has now shifted to Gadkari. Investigating agencies may have initiated probes against us, but as of now the country's attention is on Gadkari,\" a senior NCP minister, who is under scrutiny, said.A week ago, former IPS officer YP Singh unexpectedly targeted Sharad Pawar, claiming that anti-corruption activist Arvind Kejriwal did not name Pawar despite possessing information about his activities. Singh's contention was that owing to mounting pressure from Pawar, the Krishna valley development corporation had sold prime land acquired for irrigation projects to the Lavasa lake city corporation at a nominal price in blatant violation of rules.Singh alleged that instead of just transferring the land to the corporation, the government should have auctioned the land to mobilize resources for pending projects. Singh's allegations were preceded by corruption charges against the then deputy CM Ajit Pawar, public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal, water resources minister Sunil Tatkare and minister of state for transport Gulabrao Deokar.The main charge against Ajit Pawar was that during his tenure as water resources minister between 2001 and 2009, key irrigation projects in the Vidarbha region witnessed cost escalations, huge mobilization advances were given to controversial contractors and the quality of work was poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "faizabad", "code": "16959241", "title": "Ayodhya, Faizabad tense as two die in clashes", "text": "FAIZABAD: The twin temple towns of Faizabad and Ayodhya were in the grip of simmering tension on Thursday, a day after communal clashes which have claimed two lives and in which six people, including a police sub-inspector, were injured and several shops and vehicles were torched.The Kotwal Sadar police station area, which covers a major part of Faizabad, had been put under indefinite curfew after more incidents of violence were reported on Thursday. This is the second incident of communal tension in Faizabad in the past three months and ninth in the state in the first eight months of the SP government.On the directives of CM Akhilesh Yadav, principal secretary (home) R M Srivastava and DGP A C Sharma visited Faizabad on Thursday to probe the matter and submit the report to him. Faizabad ADM Srikant Mishra and SP Ramji Yadav were suspended.Trouble started on Wednesday evening after the rumours that a Durga idol had been damaged due to stone-pelting during an immersion procession. As the police force had been deployed for the immersion and sent to nearby Rudauli, which also reported clashes, there was virtually nobody to stop the rioters.On Wednesday afternoon, tension erupted in Rudauli after reports that a group of people going to immerse the Durga idol had thrown colours on a mosque. A bulk of the police force was moved to Rudauli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962903", "title": "Costly goats bogging down devout Muslims on Eid", "text": "NAGPUR: On Bakri-Eid this year many goat dealers and butchers are cursing the mobile connectivity. The easy communication is now helping farmers and dealers from areas around Nagpur to bargain for better prices for their stock. The fall out is that goats meant for the city are now being sold in Hyderabad where they are getting a better price.Goats reared by farmers in places like Seoni, Gondia and other neighbouring areas of Nagpur are the source for mutton sold in the city. The best of animals from Chhindwara are sent to Mumbai where they are sold for upwards of Rs50,000. The average goats which are priced anywhere between Rs10,000 and Rs15,000 arrive in Nagpur and Hyderabad.\"But this year these farmers are directly in touch with the dealers in Hyderabad,\" says Syed Dastagir, a dealer who runs a mutton shop. This has resulted in an escalation of prices of animals by nearly double this year.Animal sacrifice is mandatory for Muslims on Eid-Al Adha as Muslims perform the act to commemorate the supreme sacrifice of Prophet Ibrahim. \"Now dealers and farmers have begun to cash in on these rituals. They are quoting whatever price that they fancy,\" says Mirza Tariq Baig, who runs an eatery in the city. During Eid a goat may sell for as less as Rs5,000 and as high as Rs1 lakh. \"It all depends on who is buying. If a buyer likes the look of the animal he may pay any price for it but there are also many who haggle and drop the idea of buying if the pocket does not permit,\" adds Baig.It's also an issue of demand and supply. \"The animals come from Bhopal and some villages in Rajasthan. Nagpur is also the supply market for Hyderabad. So the dealers here are fixing rates with dealers in Hyderabad and diverting trucks from Kamptee to Hyderabad,\" says Asim Naved, a transporter. A middle class Muslim family buys two goats for the ritual. \"Last year I paid around Rs18,000 for two goats but this year it would cost me Rs25,000 or more,\" he says.But Haji Ejaz, a dealer, terms the prices logical. \"Today mutton in retail is being sold for Rs340 a kg. A goat being sold for qurbani is also tagged in kilo and this year it is being priced at Rs600 per kilo,\" he says and justifies the rate by saying that these animals are nurtured and reared with lots of love, so much so that the cost of feeding them goes beyond their worth. \"Already more than 10 goats have been sold for Rs45000 this year,\" he informs.\"Qurbani is not a farz though it is jayaz,\" says Shariq Hamid a businessman. \"Those who can't afford have the option of sharing the cost of a bigger animal with six other people,\" he says and adds that it is not mandatory for everybody to perform a qurbani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16965221", "title": "INA soldier's widow forced to pay Rs 40000 bribe to get pension benefits", "text": "ROHTAK: A widow of freedom fighter and Indian National Army (INA) soldier hailing from Nidani village of Jind district has to pay a bribe of Rs 40000 to get the pension benefit after the demise of her husband.An inquiry conducted by the Haryana Sawtantrta Senani Samman Samiti, Chandigarh on the instructions of the Haryana chief secretary found substance in the bribe charges and submitted the report to the chief secretary office on Friday with the recommendation to take action in the case.According to information, a freedom fighter associated with the INA founded by Subhas Chandra Bose, Gyani Ram had been getting the pension from the Haryana government meant for those who participated in the freedom movement before Independence.He however had gone to meet his son living in Chandigarh in October, 2003 and went missing while returning to home. His wife Pyari Devi lodged a complaint with the police about his disappearance but the police too failed to locate him.When her husband did not return for months, she met the officials concerned for grant of pension to her as per the government provisions. The officials however argued that she could not get the benefits. However in case, her husband did not return for seven years when a missing person is presumed dead in legal terms, she would be eligible for pension.When Gyani Ram did not return till seven years, his widow again took up the matter afresh with the government in October 2010.But initially, the officials kept on delaying her case on one pretext or the other and later demanded a bribe for clearing the file.In her complaint, she said that unable to find any other way, she paid a bribe of Rs 40000 to an official in the Protocol branch in the chief secretary office at Chandigarh in February this year after which she got pension arrears amounting to Rs four lakh and was also granted the pension in her husband's absence.The matter was raised by her son in a meeting of freedom fighters association in Jind which decided to complain to the chief secretary.Haryana Sawtantrta Senani Samman Samiti chairman Hari Ram Arya, 90, also a freedom fighter, when contacted by TOI,said that the chief secretary office had marked the inquiry into the complaint after which he had visited the widow and also questioned the official against whom the bribe charges were leveled.\"During inquiry, I found that the widow had paid the bribe for getting her work done to an official in the Protocol branch of the chief secretary office. I have submitted my report to the CSO with the recommendation to take appropriate action against the guilty official\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16960618", "title": "60-year-old killed, gold stolen from house", "text": "CHENNAI: A 60-year-old man was found strangled in his house on Kannigapuram Seventh Street off Velachery Main Road on Thursday. There were severe injuries to the head and 15 sovereigns of gold jewellery were missing from his person, and the house had been locked from outside, police said.The victim, Ezhumalai, had been living alone on the first floor of a two storeyed building. He had rented out two portions on the ground floor to shops and two houses on the first floor. Police suspect the involvement of one of Ezhumalai's friends who is absconding and his mobile phone was switched off.The incident came to light when Ezhumalai's son-in-law, Kabali, failed to get an answer to his repeated phone calls and rushed to Kannigapuram. Kabali opened the lock using a spare key and found his father-in-law dead with deep cut injuries to the head and a wire near his body. The victim's mobile phone had been switched off and the receiver of the land phone was down, police said.Ezhumalai, who married a woman called Prema after divorcing his wife Lakshmi 18 years ago, had been living separately for a few years. He had been a goldsmith.\"Ezhumalai had a lot of friends in the locality. His daughter, Meera, recently celebrated his 60th birthday at a city hotel. Three weeks ago, Ezhumalai had visited the Andamans,\" said one of his friends.The tenants who last saw Ezhumalai on Monday night said he hardly mingled with them and that he spoke to them only while collecting the rent each month. The Guindy police registered a case. Special teams have been formed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16961115", "title": "Ideal Road Builders received favours from Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation alleges Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Already under cloud for its alleged links with BJP president Nitin Gadkari , Mumbai-based infrastructure firm Ideal Road Builders (IRB) has hit another storm. This time for bagging contracts in BJP-ruled Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation's prized BRTS project - to build roads for the bus rapid transport system in chief minister Narendra Modi's constituency, Maninagar.IRB Infrastructure and its subsidiary companies were awarded contracts for Phase 1 and 1-B of the BRTS projects.IRB infrastructure had bagged a collective contract of Rs 211.35 crore for laying roads. This included two stretches of the BRTS project, one in the chief minister's constituency for the Maninagar-Danilimda-Narol stretch worth Rs 78.35 crore. The second stretch was the Narol-Naroda stretch for which the company bagged Rs 133 crore contracts.Both these works were awarded to the company in 2007 and completed by 2010, the year Gadkari took over as BJP boss. Congress is accusing the BJP-ruled civic body of giving huge waivers in fines to IRB despite the delays.\"According to laws, IRB was supposed to pay a fine of Rs 10.19 crore to AMC for a delay in the Narol-Naroda stretch work. Instead, the standing committee imposed just a Rs 85 lakh fine,\" says Congress opposition leader in the AMC, Badruddin Sheikh.Interestingly, IRB has bagged major union government-controlled National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) projects in Gujarat. These projects include the Ahmedabad-Vadodara expressway, the Bharuch-Surat stretch and Surat-Dahisar stretch.Virendra Mhaiskar, chairman and managing director of IRB, came under the scanner after it was found that he had loaned huge sums to Gadkari's Purti Power and Sugar Ltd (PPSL).\"AJL, the special purpose vehicle formed by AMC to execute BRTS, awarded contracts on basis of competitive bidding. Charges of favouritism are baseless as AJL still has to release our balance payments despite completion of the projects,\" Mhaiskar told TOI.aTalking about his relations with Modi, Mhaiskar says, \"The business environment in Gujarat is transparent and smoother. However, I don't want to comment on Modi.\" Mhaiskar had earlier this year had praised Gujarat government's efficiency in an interview to an international magazine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16960859", "title": "Couple killed as car hits bike on Iskcon flyover", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A middle-aged couple riding a scooter on Iskcon flyover on SG Highway was killed when they were flung off their vehicle after it was hit by a speeding car on Thursday night. The passers-by caught the youth who was driving the car and handed him over to police.Eye-witnesses said the incident took place at 9 pm when the victims were passing by Wide Angle cinema. \"The scooter had just started the ascent of the bridge when a car in great speed came from the direction of Sarkhej and hit it. The impact was such that the man, in his fifties, got flung off the vehicle and fell on the side of the bridge, dying on the spot. The woman riding pillion too died on the spot after sustaining severe head injuries,\" said an eye-witness. The car driver, in his early twenties, who applied full brakes, sent the car for a spin as it turned turtle a few meters from the spot. The youth tried to flee from the spot, but the passers-by caught him. Eye-witnesses said that he seemed inebriated. A team of Satellite police officials rushed to the spot and arrested him.\"We're yet to ascertain the identity of the deceased and the youth driving the car. We've got some papers from the car and scooter on the basis of which we're trying to contact the relatives,\" said a Satellite police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16958365", "title": "National Botanical Research Institute undertook 84 research project", "text": "LUCKNOW: The annual report of CSIR-National Botanical Research Institute was released on Thursday, on the occasion of annual day and diamond jubilee celebrations of the institute. During 2011-12, NBRI undertook wide range of research activities under 84 R&D; projects. The scientists of the institute published as many as 167 research papers in leading national and international journals. CSIR Botanic Garden has been recognized as 'DUS test centres' for Bougainvillea, Canna and Gladiolus by the Protection of Plant Varieties and Farmers' Right Authority (PPV and FRA), Union ministry of agriculture.The institute will undertake eight mega projects during the 12th Five-Year Plan. Root Biology would be flagship mega project of the Institute. NBRI has identified areas like Bundelkhand in UP and North Eastern areas to focus its activities in near future. Further, the institute will harp upon its high-end research, developing technologies and development of natural products.The flagship research programmes of NBRI include translational research of Bioinoculants for sustainable agriculture. CSIR Award for S&T; Innovations for Rural Development (CAIRD) 2011 has been conferred on directorate of agriculture, Uttar Pradesh government and NBRI for the \"Plant Growth Promoting Microbial Bioinoculants for Enhanced Crop Productivity\". The award was given by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on September 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962934", "title": "Couple, 9-year-old daughter injured in chain snatching", "text": "NAGPUR: A middle-aged couple and their nine-year-old daughter fell off their scooter and were seriously injured after two youths on a bike pulled the gold chain worn by the woman riding pillion.Vinay and Pallavi Bhattalwar and their daughter Dharitri, residents of Dindayal Nagar, were heading to Trimurti Nagar to meet a relative on Dussehra. While Vinay and Dharitri are stated to be out of danger, Pallavi is still critical. The trio is undergoing treatment at a private hospital.Though Pallavi tried to save some portion of the chain, the chain snatchers made away with a piece worth Rs30,000.According to the police, Pallavi was riding pillion and instinctively caught hold of her chain when the thief reached out to snatch it. The youth pulled the chain at that moment and caused Vinay to lose balance. The scooter slipped and the trio fell down badly. Passers-by rushed the three to a nearby hospital. Police said Pallavi suffered head injuries and is still in intensive care.In another incident, chain snatchers robbed gold ornaments worth Rs38,000 from one Tiranja Turkar near Chikali overbridge in Kalamna police station area on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965625", "title": "RSP flays CPM\u2019s stand on Kudankulam nuclear plant", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: RSP general secretary T J Chandrachoodan on Thursday criticized CPM's stand on the Kudankulam nuclear plant issue.\"If you say no to nuclear power plant, it should be applicable to Kudankulam as well. It is not ideal for the Left to take one policy at Jaitapur and a different one at Kudankulam,\" Chandrachoodan said here after releasing a book, 'Environment and Development' written by opposition leader VS Achuthanandan.The opposition leader has been supporting the protest against the plant at Kudankulam. Chandrachoodan said his party has taken a policy against installing nuclear plants in India. \"It is a lesson we have learnt from the tragic experiences of the past,\" he said. Achuthanandan, who had to face disciplinary action from the CPM on his stand on Kudankulam, said judgments on such topics wouldn't be final. \"There was a serious debate in Kerala over Silent Valley project and Peringom nuclear power project. Though both fronts supported these projects, they didn't materialize because of the opposition by environmentalists and the public. Even those who supported those movements then are taking a different position now,\" he said.Indirectly criticising his opponents in the party, VS said those who didn't realize the writing on the wall even after such episodes still argue fiercely for such projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963802", "title": "Nandeesha shoot progresses", "text": "Komal starrer 'Nandeesha' produced under his home banner and directed by Sai Prakash who has directed 95 films so far has completed its entire talkie portions shoot. The film's four songs have to be shot now out of which three songs will be shot in Finland in Helsinki and other places.A press meet was launched recently to put a stop to the rumours that Parul was not going to be a part of the movie as she was shooting for Bachchan. Parul said that she was so happy to be part of the film. \" I found director Sai Prakash using his expertise in directing this film. He is a super cool director. I have a cute role in this film and I am Komal's love interest in the film. You have to watch the film to watch whether I will get Komal or not,\" said Parul.Director Sai Prakash appreciated Parul's keen interest in learning things and her professionalism. \"She wanted to be perfect in the dialogues. She would take the assistance of my assistant director to get perfection in her dialogue delivery. I did not find any actress to be so professional on the sets,\" said Sai Prakash.Nandeesha is a remake of 2003 Malayalam film ' Thilakkamm ' directed by Jayaraj which had Dileep and Kavya Madhavan in lead roles. Bhavana had played another important role in the film which is played by Parul in the Kannada version.Both Komal and Sai Prakash maintained that the script for the Kannada remake was incorporated with several changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16962746", "title": "Two die during immersion", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two persons died and four injured after a tractor, which was used in the immersion procession ran over them at Gotama square in Nuapada's Khariar road on Thursday.The injured have been admitted to Nuapada district headquarters hospital.Sources said brake failure lead to the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16953000", "title": "Arif Lohar performed in Delhi", "text": "Riding high on the success of Jugni, Pakistani singer Arif Lohar performed in Delhi recently, with Pakistani singers Tina Sani and Shafqat Amanat Ali also in the audience.When she saw the audience dancing in their seats and chasing Lohar for autographs, Sani remarked, \" Humein pata nahin tha ki Pakistani singers ka itna craze hai yahaan India mein. Logon ka pyaar dekh kar badi khushi hoti hai. \"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16960620", "title": "Government asks Congress not to browbeat IPS officers, mulls legal action", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab CM's media adviser Harcharan Bains on Thursday derided the opposition Congress for browbeating the state government's officers and derailing the investigation involving the 15-year-old Faridkot girl's alleged abduction, hinting at possible legal action against the state Congress.Bains was brought in to handle the prickly spat between former Congress CM Capt Amarinder Singh and director general of police (DGP) Sumedh Saini over the abduction row.\"Police chief Saini had only talked about certain elements without naming politicians or parties. So, if he was throwing an egg, it was not necessarily aimed at Capt Amarinder, but he thrust his cheek in the way and ended up with egg on his face. Politicians should respect protocol and confine their attacks to politicians,\" he said.The girl was allegedly abducted by a gang of youth led by one Nishan Singh on September 24.Both Singh and Saini have traded nasty barbs ever since the state police nabbed the prime accused Nishan Singh on October 21 in Goa.Bains also hinted at legal action against Congress for \"derailing the investigation and defaming the girl.\"\"I am going to request the state advocate general to decide legal action against Congress leaders. It is not Punjab's tradition to drag the honour of our girls on to the streets, as the Congress most certainly is guilty of doing in this case,\" said Bains.The abduction row had taken a twist after the girl refused to go to her parents' place on October 24, two days after she was rescued and brought back to Punjab.The same day, she had also refused medical examination before the Faridkot chief judicial magistrate (CJM) that left her parents -- who maintain she was abducted and raped -- furious and confused.The CJM Dr Rajneesh sent her to a shelter home, Nari Niketan in Jalandhar.However, following the girl's volte face despite an FIR mentioning her abduction on June 25 and September 24, DGP Saini had said that the case was also fit as an elopement incident.On Thursday, Bains said that her parents had wilfully approached the government to facilitate a meeting at Nari Niketan. The girl met her mother but refused to go with them.\"Congress leaders owe an apology to the people and to the lofty traditions of the state where every Punjabi girl is treated by society as its daughter,\" said Bains.\"When the girl was recovered, no Congress leader went to receive her. They have so far made no attempt to meet the girl to find out from her as to what the whole truth is. May I now request the Congress leaders in the state to please stop dishonoring and sullying the fair name of the state,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "16964861", "title": "7 Bangladeshis caught from Pak border", "text": "JAISALMER: Seven Bangladeshis, who were trying to cross over to Pakistan from Ganganagar in Rajasthan, were nabbed by BSF personnel on Wednesday. All of them had illegally entered India from Bangladesh a few days ago.According to sources, personnel of 64th battalion of BSF deployed in Anupgarh area of Ganganagar spotted five suspicious-looking people near Kailash border outpost on Wednesday evening. The jawans challenged them and caught them. During questioning, they identified themselves as Bangladeshis. They also revealed that their two more colleagues were left behind and later the BSF jawans caught them too.Those arrested had given their names as Mohammad Salim, Samrool, Abdul Hussain, Jahangir, Mujir, Mohammad Narool Thar and Mohammad Subid Ali. They are residents of Habeebganj in Shilat area in Bangladesh. A few days ago, they illegally entered India from Bangladesh, from where they reached Ganganagar via Kolkata, Delhi and Bhatinda. A middleman was also with them, who had promised to leave them at Karachi and had taken money. These Bangladeshis had to go to Teheran via Karachi for job. The middleman, however, had left them in the middle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16963224", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation to take up addl sanitary measures to prevent dengue", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has decided to take up sanitary works to prevent outbreak of diseases during the festive season.Standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse has directed officials of the health department of the NMC to take up additional sanitary measures to ensure good health of citizens on Thursday. Dengue seems to have struck Nashik with several suspected cases of the illness being reported in city hospitals.Nimse said, \"I have directed officials of NMC's health department to immediately undertake a sanitary drive as part of precautionary measures in view of the rise in cases of dengue and also provide health services to patients in NMC hospitals. Most of the times, discarded old tyres are seen lying at garages or on terraces. Monsoon water gathers in the tyres and that causes mosquitoes to breed there. Considering this, we have decided to commence a special drive to discard such old tyres. The ecroachment department has been given a directive in this regard,\" he said.Meanwhile, the standing committee approved the proposed budget of Rs1.4 lakh for laying water pipelines in Sadguru Nagar in Nashik Road.A budget of Rs 48,557 for water pipeline repair works in Indira Nagar, Chetana Nagar and Deepali Nagar had been tabled by the NMC administration, which was approved by the standing committee.Another budget of Rs 44,428 for water pipeline repair works and to improve water supply in N D Patel Road in Nashik west division of NMC had also been approved by the standing committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16965194", "title": "Microsoft CEO confirms plans to launch 'more devices'", "text": "LONDON: Steve Ballmer, the chief executive of software giant Microsoft, has confirmed he plans to release more devices.\"Is it fair to say we're going to do more hardware? Obviously we are... Where we see important opportunities to set a new standard, yeah we'll dive in,\" Ballmer said.According to the BBC, Ballmer's comments came ahead of a Windows 8 launch event in New York , following which Microsoft's Surface tablet will go on sale.Windows 8 is a radical update to Microsoft's core product. The operating system introduces a touchscreen-controlled interface featuring tiles.According to the report, Ballmer caused a stir when he revealed in June that his company was making its own family of tablet computers, one offering extended battery-life powered by an ARM-based chip, the other using Intel's technology to offer a deeper Windows experience.Until now, Microsoft had focused on software and relied on third-parties to make hardware, with a few exceptions such as its Xbox games consoles and Kinect gesture sensors, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16963020", "title": "Mayor convenes meeting to tackle dengue", "text": "NAGPUR: Mayor Anil Sole convened a review meeting of health officials on Thursday to assess the civic body's preparations for dengue. Of the 151 blood samples tested for dengue as many as 49 samples have tested positive in the last two months (September and October). North Nagpur is worst affected by the vector borne disease, with most patients from there, said health officials. In all these positive cases, only two dengue related death have been reported.In Thursday's meeting, municipal commissioner Shaym Wardhane, deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir, health committee chairman Harish Dikondawar, Dr Ashok Urkude and assistant municipal commissioners of all 10 zones were present. Sole directed zonal officers to complete survey of their zones within 15 days in this matter.To a query, Dr Urkude said as Pune's National Institute of Virology (NIV) is serving six states, including Maharashtra, the civic body is being forced to wait at least 15 days to get confirmation about dengue cases. \"Though Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital has a laboratory, they confirm the ailment only after cross checking the NIV report,\" clarified Dr Urkude.The mayor expressed concern over lack of support from city's private hospitals and directed the department to ensure that all private hospitals too keep the civic body updated if they come across patients suffering from dengue like symptoms.Now, from October 29, NMC will take up a public awareness campaign on a large scale. As a part of the drive, 100 volunteers from various NGOs and the health department will launch an awareness drive in major schools in all 10 zones.Sole also appealed to people to observe a 'dry day' at least once a week. People should empty and wash their storage containers daily. Coolers and other things like flower pots and earthen pots should also be cleaned and kept dry. If any citizen has a query related to the disease, he/she can call NMC health department officials, Dr Aditi Tyadi (9822724535) and Dr Ashok Urkude (9823074729).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16966037", "title": "State BJP leaders are ready to defend Nitin Gadkari, but not Purti.", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra BJP leaders have decided to distance themselves from the Purti Power and Sugar Ltd firm row. The party leaders have even issued a diktat that no leader will speak on the controversy.Defending BJP president Nitin Gadkari , leader of the opposition in the state legislative council and senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde said, nearly year back Gadkari had resigned as chairman of the Purti firm. As BJP has no links with the firm, the party has decided that it will not issue any statement on the Purti Power and Sugar Ltd row. \"Why should the party (BJP) rush to defence of Purti firm. The management of the firm should come out with clarification, if they feel to do so,\" Tawde added.TOI in Tuesday s edition had questioned over the source of funds for Purti Power and Sugar Ltd firm controversy. The controversial firm is said to be controlled by BJP president Nitin Gadkari.Further speaking on the issue another senior party functionary stated that the party has even issued a gag order on the entire episode. The party leaders have been instructed that they should not make any statement on the controversial firm. But, if there is any query pertaining to Gadkari, then the leaders should address the issue, the senior BJP leader stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16964894", "title": "Rajasthan Congress chief against lowering OBC income limit", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress state president Chandrabhan has opposed his own party government's decision to lower the annual income limit for excluding creamy layer members of the other backward classes (OBC) from the quota benefits.As per the new decision, OBC persons whose family annum income is up to Rs 2.5 lakh will only be entitled to get reservation benefits in government jobs and educational institutes. Earlier the limit was Rs 4.5 lakh per annum.With a lowered annual income limit, more OBC families will now fall in the creamy layer and get excluded of the reservation benefits. The ruling party is, thus, worried of the adverse repercussions it could face from the community in the assembly elections due next year.\"We have decided to take up the issue with the state government. At a time when the average cost of living has steeply shot up, the creamy layer limit ought to have been raised and not lowered,\" Chandrabhan told reporters on Thursday. The party president said the government would be suggested to raise the limit to Rs 6 lakh per annum. Since the decision is based on a high court order (passed on December 22, 2010), the ruling party would request the state government to look for legal remedies to get the income limit increased.However, the state government would now have to take a tedious course to get the limit increased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965930", "title": "Exercising little longer, be more satisfied", "text": "Extending your normal exercise routine by a few minutes may enhance your satisfaction with life, according to Penn State researchers.They found that people's satisfaction with life was higher on days when they exercised more than usual.\"The findings reinforce the idea that physical activity is a health behaviour with important consequences for daily well-being and should be considered when developing national policies to enhance satisfaction with life,\" said Jaclyn Maher, graduate student in kinesiology.The team examined the influence of physical activity on satisfaction with life among emerging adults ages 18 to 25 years because this population's sense of well-being appears to worsen more quickly than at any other time during adulthood.\"Emerging adults are going through a lot of changes; they are leaving home for the first time and attending college or starting jobs. As a result, their satisfaction with life can plummet. We decided to focus on emerging adults because they stand to benefit the most from strategies to enhance satisfaction with life,\" said Maher.The researchers recruited two groups of college students at Penn State. The first group, consisting of 190 individuals, entered information into a diary every day for eight days. The second group, consisting of 63 individuals, entered information into a secure website every day for 14 days.Both groups answered questions aimed at determining participants' satisfaction with life, physical activity and self-esteem. The personalities of all participants in the first group were assessed at the outset of the study using the Big Five Inventory short form.For the second group (the 63 individuals who filled out questionnaires online for 14 days), the researchers wanted to further investigate whether physical activity was indeed, the cause of participants' increased satisfaction with life rather than some other factor such as mental health , fatigue, or Body Mass Index.\"Shifts in depression , anxiety and stress would be expected to influence a person's satisfaction with life at any given point in time,\" said David Conroy, professor of kinesiology.\"In addition, fatigue can be a barrier to engaging in physical activity, and a high Body Mass Index associated with being overweight may cause a person to be less satisfied in a variety of ways,\" he added.By controlling for these variables, the researchers were able to determine that the amount of physical activity a person undertakes in a particular day directly influences his or her satisfaction with life.Specifically, the team found that by exercising just a little more than usual a person could significantly improve his or her satisfaction with life.\"Based on these findings, we recommend that people exercise a little longer or a little harder than usual as a way to boost satisfaction with life,\" said Conroy.The results appeared online this week in the journal Health Psychology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16965310", "title": "BCM kids a get reala about conservation", "text": "LUDHIANA: Spreading awareness on energy conservation , a team of five students of BCM Arya Model, Shastri Nagar, visited Kutbewal Gujran to discuss problems faced by farmers in using their tubewells. Earlier, a team of senior students, working under the same project, had built a makeshift biogas plant on the school campus.The biogas plant had served a dual purpose a for cooking and to produce electricity. Punjab Agricultural University had approved of this biogas plant, which can also be used for mass production. This project is part of the Children Science Congress which is an attempt by CBSE to provide an opportunity to young minds to explore their talent and realize their creativity. The theme this year is Energy, Explore harvest and conserve. Both senior and junior student teams had been researching on ways to manage the rising energy demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16958471", "title": "Chiranjeevi waiting for UPA Cabinet call", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congress and Rajya Sabha member Chiranjeevi is still awaiting the elusive call from New Delhi that he hopes will pave the way for his joining the Manmohan Singh government.The Chiru camp has revealed that no formal intimation has been received from the national capital even as speculation abounds that a minor cabinet expansion in the United Progressive Alliance (UPA)government is to be effected this Sunday with the actor-turned-politician and perhaps another one or two hopefuls likely to be inducted into the Union cabinet.\"We hope he would be inducted into the Union cabinet. However, Chiranjeevi has not received any official communication yet,\" close confidant and AP endowments minister C Ramachandraiah, said.Sources in UPA said that it has been a practice that those who are going to be inducted into the Union ministry are informed of the same about 48 to 24 hours before the swearing in. \"Until then, all the aspirants, including Chiranjeevi, can keep holding on to their hope for a Union cabinet berth,\" a source said.At present, there is one Union cabinet minister, Jaipal Reddy as petroleum minister, one minister of state with independent charge in Kishore Chandra Deo and three ministers of state, D Purandeswari, Panabaka Lakshmi and Pallam Raju, representing Andhra Pradesh in the Union cabinet.Apart from Chiranjeevi, the name of newly-inducted Rajya Sabha Congress MP Renuka Chowdhary as a possible inductee in the Union cabinet, too, is doing the rounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959336", "title": "1.5 lakh goats sold, prices to cross Rs 1 lakh", "text": "MUMBAI: Two days before Bakri Eid, prices of some goats for sacrifice crossed the Rs 80,000 mark, and traders say prices may cross Rs 1 lakh in the next 24 hours. More than 1.51 lakh goats have already been sold at the Deonar abattoir and sales are expected to peak on Friday.Eid-ul-Azha, commonly known as Bakri Eid, is a three-day sacrifice festival celebrated in the memory of Prophet Ibrahim for the last 4,000 years. The 41-year-old Deonar abattoir has already sold 1.51 lakh of the 1.72 lakh goats it acquired on October 11. In the same period, 2,796 bullocks have also been sold there. While the average rate for goats is between Rs 15,000 and Rs 25,000, some goats sold for more than Rs 80,000. \"Due to security reasons and crowd control issues, celebrities prefer sending their representatives to buy goats. Till a few years ago, even filmstars would come here to buy goats for sacrifice,\" said Dr Arun Kshirsagar, senior veterinary officer.Goats from Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh have been brought to Deonar for sale. \"When a seller comes with a goat, he has to pay Rs 19 as entry fee to the abattoir. Buyers have to pay a Rs-44 fee (known as removal fee) for taking the goat outside the abattoir.\"There is no sale or purchase receipt. The deal is done orally. We don't fix prices here,\" added Kshirsagar. The abattoir authorities provide water and medical services to the goats. There are 40 veterinary doctors in the abattoir.\"The doctors inspect the animals and issue fitness certificates. Apart from this, the abattoir is under CCTV surveillance all the time,\" said Kshirsagar.Meanwhile, there have been complaints of policemen in the city trying to collect money from goat buyers. \"Some cops even asked us to show sale and purchase copies, while the only records we had was the removal charges receipt. The policemen collected hundreds of rupees as bribes,\" alleged a goat buyer. In some cases, several groups who claimed to be animal lovers and worshipers allegedly raided various localities and seized animals meant for sacrifice with the help of the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "16965464", "title": "Three-day CBSE West Zone basketball tourney to be held in Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: TheGujarat Public School(GPS) has organized a three-day CBSE West zone cluster IX Basketball championship from October 26 to October 28. Opening ceremony of the tournament was held on Friday morning at Gujarat Public School.\"GPS believes that sporting activities are very important for the overall development of children. GPS had successfully hosted CBSE cluster IX Basketball tournament in the past six years and this year again CBSE has been given an opportunity to host this event,\" said GPS authorities.More than 70 teams from states like Gujarat, Maharashtra, Diu-Daman, Dadar Nagar Haveli and Goa will participate in the tournament. The school will be providing all facilities to the teams including accommodation and food. Around 840 players will display their talent and compete with other teams in the U-19 category of basketball tourney. The teams of both boys and girls that win the tournament would be sent for national level tourney.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16962905", "title": "Special executive officerss should not be made to record dying declarations: HC", "text": "PUNE: Acting on the directives of the Bombay high court, the home department has ordered the state police not to use services of special executive officers while recording dying declarations.The HC has prescribed guidelines for recording dying declarations in the criminal manual, but it was found that the police, in many cases across the state, were not aware of the guidelines. The HC order came after it noticed discrepancies in the dying declarations and test identification parades recorded by special executive officers (SEOs) in a number of criminal cases.A division bench comprising justice Abhay Oka and Sadhana Jadhav pointed out the irregularities committed by SEOs while hearing on October 4, 2012, a criminal revision petition filed by Bhanudas Radhakisan Bhise.Additional public prosecutor Rajeshree Gadhvi, representing the state, and advocate Arfan Sait, who was appointed by the legal aid cell, informed the court that following another HC order, the state had in 2009 withdrawn the powers given to SEOs to conduct identification parades and record dying declarations.The HC observed, \"While dealing with criminal appeals, we have often noticed that there are serious deficiencies and shortcomings in the functioning of SEOs, especially in conducting identification parades and recording dying declarations. In two cases, the SEOs had even admitted that they were totally unaware about guidelines in the criminal manual\".The HC also cited a case where it was found that an SEO was working as electrician with a builder. Following the rap from the HC, E M Kazi, deputy secretary, home department, on October 16, issued an order directing the police not to use services of SEOs.Quoting section 32 of the Indian Evidence Act, 1872, criminal lawyer Alankar Karlekar said any independent or respectable person in society can record dying declarations. Karlekar said special judicial magistrates (SJMs), who come under the control of judiciary, should record declarations as they are independent and do not have biased views. The SJMs are trained and know the formalities required to be followed at the time of recording dying declarations. SEOs are appointed by the home department and there is a possibility of them being influenced police officers or others.Karlekar said a court cannot convict an accused if the declaration has not been recorded properly or if it has been recorded under suspicious circumstances as it loses its evidentiary value in criminal cases. If the declaration is recorded in a prescribed manner, the prosecution can rely on it to prove the guilt.Another lawyer, Shirish Shinde, cited the criminal manual saying the police should adhere to the HC guidelines on declarations. Shinde explained that the SJMs and judicial magistrates first class (JMFCs) and tahsildars are authorised to record declarations. A declaration gets weightage in courts if it is recorded properly. The SJMs and JMFCs known how to give evidence in court, Shinde added.Joint commissioner of police (law and order) Sanjeev Kumar Singhal said the police and medical officers can also record declarations. The police here are not availing services of SEOs. The district collector designates special executive magistrates for the purpose, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16963668", "title": "Arrest of ISI agents sparks off political debate in poll-bound Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The arrest of ISI agents in Ahmedabad and Jamnagar has sparked off a political debate.\"How is it that ISI becomes active in Gujarat just ahead of elections? Who are the people inspiring ISI to come into action at such time, and why is that people connected with the agency are arrested only during election time, Modhwadia questioned.If the alleged ISI spies were active for last five years, what was the reason for them not being arrested? he asked.Modhwadia demanded an inquiry in the arrest and said that a fair investigation would expose nexus between such agents and certain police officials.The Gujarat Congress president has, in a letter to chief electoral officer Anita Karwal and state chief secretary A K Joti, asked to ensure law and order in the state.Modhwadia claimed that in Junagadh, the police resorted to firing which injured six dalits. Of these, one was in a serious condition. Modhwadia claimed that the police resorts to firing without warning or without even lobbing tear gas shells.The police resort to firing to terrorize dalits and the poor during the election, and keep them away from voting, he alleged.He claimed that earlier in Than too, the police resorted to firing, killing three youths. This has created fear among dalits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959957", "title": "Nizamuddin park gets a makeover", "text": "NEW DELHI: A socio-economic survey of Hazrat Nizamuddin Basti in 2008 revealed that less that 2% of the local population visited parks. The fact that parks of over 5 acres surrounded the basti did little to stir people's interest. In order to overcome this mindset, a newly landscaped park was inaugurated by additional CP Ajay Chaudhary before the leader of opposition, South corporation.The ribbon-cutting ceremony was accompanied by children of the area's corporation-run primary school singing the National Anthem and youths from the basti playing an inaugural football match. The redevelopment of the park was carried out by Aga Khan Trust for Culture (AKTC). Shveta Mathur, AKTC programme officer for urban planning, explained that community management of facilities, such as toilets, had ensured proper use of the park as well greater participation in its management.Chaudhary also assured women of the basti that police will show zero tolerance towards drug-peddlers and will keep addicts off the newly developed park and the surrounding areas.In 2007, AKTC had signed an MoU with the erstwhile MCD, Central Public Works Department and the Archaeological Survey of India to undertake the urban renewal project with distinct objectives: heritage conservation, socio-economic development and improving the environment.In November 2009, an MoU with DDA allowed AKTC to undertake a landscape project aimed at making these parks accessible to the community by making it free of drug-peddling, a serious concern for the locals.Officials said the landscaping was done after extensively consulting the community members and keeping in mind distinct use of each of the three major parks. \"There is now a women's only Pardah Bagh with an attached Children's Park, a park for the community elders and events, and a larger park, which has just been inaugurated, for youth sports, and an overspill from the Barat Ghar,\" said an official.The design also reflects the historic nature of the settlement as there has been a extensive use of natural materials, such as sandstone, quartzite stone, and popular flora like Ashoka, Alostonia, Spathodia, Chandni and the Bougainvillaea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16960600", "title": "'Depressed' man beats up family members, police lodge FIR", "text": "GURGAON: A 42-year-old man was arrested for allegedly beating up his wife, son and daughter and attacking them with a sharp spade late on Wednesday night in his house located in Ashok Vihar colony.While the son's condition is critical, the wife and daughter are reportedly out of danger in hospital. The accused was produced in a city court on Thursday and was sent in judicial custody. \"The accused, Rohtash Sharma, was in acute depression. He took the step because of financial crisis,\" police said.Sharma used to live with his wife, Sunita, 15-year-old daughter Varsha and 13-year-old son Vikas in the rented house in Ashok Vihar colony where they were living after Sharma sold his old house in March this year.Sunita told police that they had started construction work for a new house. His husband was disturbed by the expenditure incurred in the construction. He had Rs 4 lakh with him but the contractor's bill was to the tune of Rs 5.50 lakh.On Wednesday night, they had taken their dinner together and later went to bed. When they were sleeping, her husband woke up suddenly and started beating up his son with the spade. When his wife and his daughter came to rescue his son, he beat them up as well.After hearing the noises, their neighbors came out of their houses and saved the woman from her husband. In the meantime, a police team also reached the spot and took the accused in its custody. All the three victims, Sunita, Varsha and Vikas, were taken by their neighbours to Columbia Asia Hospital located in Palam Vihar, where they are now undergoing treatment.\"We have lodged an FIR against Rohtash Sharma, on the basis of the statement of his wife Sunita under Sections 307 (attempt to murder) and 323 (injure) of IPC. We have arrested the accused who were sent in judicial custody by a city court on Thursday,\" said Harendra Singh, SHO, Sector 5 police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16963280", "title": "Project on easing traffic in Jaipur submitted to Centre", "text": "JAIPUR: To ease the increasing traffic jams and congestion in the state capital, a team of engineers headed by a professor of Malaviya National Institute of Technology (MNIT) has submitted a project report to the Centre's department of science and technology for optimization of urban traffic performance and find a solution to traffic problems for roads which cannot be widened and have restricted right-of-way.The proposed traffic solutions are aimed at increasing the speed of all vehicles and passengers by 30% and reduce the delay time, maximum and average queue and emissions by 30%. Bajrang Lal Swami, a professor of civil engineering at MNIT along with Ritu Sharma and Hemant Sharma, engineers at RUIDP, submitted the project report in the second week of October.\"Our project is focused on optimization of roads with bus rapid transit corridor so that other motorized vehicles may not suffer and at the same time the essence of BRT can be maintained. For this, we have suggested on reduction of the corridor by 75-100 meters at the cross sections. We have also suggested for reducing the width of lanes on roads in the city to 3.15 from 3.50 meters to ensure disciplined traffic movement. It will give space for cycle lane and other measures such as right turning of vehicles,\" said Hemant Kumar, superintendent engineer with the Rajasthan Urban Infrastructure Project (RUIDP).Measures to encourage commuters to use public transport by intermodal integration have been given special importance in the project report. It mentions the advantages of having integrated services so that any commuter who wants to use motorized transport can avail it by walking not more than 500 meters. \"Anyone who wishes to use city bus for commutation can get it either by walking 500 meters or should have proper and economical conveyance to reach the bus stop. Only then it makes sense for a layman use public transport,\" Sharma added.If the project gets approval from the ministry, then the team will conduct a survey work and submit recommendations within two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963948", "title": "Garry Sandhu launches his debut album", "text": "Garry Sandhu has announced that his long awaited debut album is finally near completion! The album has been under work since the beginning of the year which saw Garry Sandhu re-locate to Punjab under controversial circumstances.Garry Sandhu made his come back in 2012 with two official singles with GV 'Brick' &amp; DJ Dips 'Ik Gal', both singles secured remarkable success across the airwaves &amp; charts.The long awaited album by Garry Sandhu will feature production from the likes of GV, DJ Dips, Rupin Khalon &amp; Dr Zeus. The album will also see a UK release. The UK Version of the album will not include previously released singles by Garry Sandhu such as 'Sahan To Pyara', 'Fresh' &amp; 'Dil De De'.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962865", "title": "27 forest land diversion proposals come up before National Board for Wildlife", "text": "NAGPUR: At least 17 fresh proposals for diversion of forest land of national parks and wildlife sanctuaries and 10 fresh proposals for taking up non-forestry activities within 10km of national parks and sanctuaries will come up before the standing committee of National Board for Wildlife (NBWL) on October 31.All the projects are from different states in India. These include laying of 220 KV Tuljapur-Solapur-Lamboti electricity transmission line passing through Great Indian Bustard (GIB) Sanctuary, and construction of railway lines proposed under dedicated freight corridor from Sanjay Gandhi National Park (SNGP), Borivali.The issue of 164 hectares forest land diversion proposal of Adani Power Maharashtra Ltd (APML) near Nagzira Wildlife Sanctuary will not figure in the meeting. \"It will first have to be passed by the state wildlife board (SWB) before being placed before NBWL,\" said one member.The standing committee of NBWL is country's topmost wildlife policymaking body. Jayanthi Natarajan , minister of state for environment and forests, will chair the meeting.It is learnt that other NBWL members like Divyabhanusinh Chavda, M M Ranjitsinh, AJT Johnsingh, Prerna Bindra, NGO-members including Satpuda Foundation (SF), Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) and Nature Conservation Foundation of Mysore have already submitted their agenda items.\"The SF will raise issue of eco-sensitive zones (ESZs) and safety zones around Pas (protected areas). The Central Empowered Committee (CEC) appointed by the Supreme Court has recommended cutting down ESZs drastically,\" said Kishor Rithe, SF president.ESZ for PAs having 500 sq km area or more has been curtailed to 2km; those between 200-500 sq km to 1km; those between 100-200 sq km to 500 metres and the PAs below 100 sq km to 100 metres.The SF feels that above criteria do not ensure that developmental projects like mines, power projects and polluted industries do not negatively impact the PAs. \"It also doesn't address fragmentation and destruction of wildlife corridors connecting the PAs,\" Rithe said.Rithe will also raise concerns with present implementation of Scheduled Tribes and Other Traditional Forest Dwellers (Recognition of Forest Rights) 2006 in PAs in India. \"We feel the FRA is adversely affecting management of PAs,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16958462", "title": "Andhra Pradesh Day: Mantris put chief minister in a spot", "text": "HYDERABAD: Just days ahead of the AP state formation day celebrations to be held on November 1, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy is caught in the middle of a regional tussle. While the Telangana ministers want him to delegate the responsibility of presiding over the official events at all the district headquarters to the respective collectors, their Seemandhra counterparts are insisting on taking the salute themselves. With the Telangana issue raging and separate state supporters demanding that the T ministers boycott the official events on the state formation day, the festivities were presided over by the collectors in all the districts last year.Faced with a similar demand from the Telangana Political JAC this year, the Telangana ministers have urged Kiran Kumar to ensure that the collectors in all the three regions be given the task of presiding over the AP Day celebrations. \"The CM has agreed to our proposal,\" said a Telangana minister. GAD sources have claimed that a note to this effect has been sent to all the collectors.However, this has caused heartburn among the Seemandhra ministers and they are said to have already registered their protest with the CM. \"As such, we have no objection to the government's decision that collectors should hoist the Tricolour and take the salute at the parade. But the objection is that it is being done under pressure from Telangana forces. That would send a wrong signal that the government is buckling under pressure. We will urge the CM to allow the Seemandhra ministers to hoist the flag irrespective of what is being done in Telangana,\" said a Seemandhra minister.However, the government seems to be firm on not buying the argument. \"The government cannot have two policies for two different regions. Last year, a circular was issued asking the collectors to hoist the flag. This year, too, the same thing will follow,\" an official in GAD said. Amidst the discordant notes, some of the Seemandhra ministers have decided to adopt a moderate stand. T G Venkatesh, minister for minor irrigation, who represents Kurnool, said \"There is no point in fighting over these trivial issues... It is the practice of the recent past for collectors to hoist the flag on Republic Day and state formation day.and no one has restricted the Seemandhra ministers from taking part in the function. It is important that we participate, it is immaterial who hoists the flag,\" Venkatesh said.What has compounded the problem for the T ministers is that apart from urging them to boycott the official celebrations, the T-JAC has declared November 1 as Day of Revolt (Vidrohi Dinam). But to their rescue is a certain event scheduled for November 2 night at Vizianagaram, the wedding of the daughter of PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana. Ministers from all the regions, including the CM, are slated to attend the wedding. \"We can't go against the sentiments of the people. But at the same time, we do not want to embarrass the government by boycotting it. Leaving it to the collectors is the best way out and the Seemandhra ministers too can claim excuse on the grounds of attending the wedding,\" said a T-minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962422", "title": "Bengal pays tribute to Sunil Gangopadhyay", "text": "I am deeply saddended by Sunil Gangopadhyay's death. I met him in 1964. In his long literary career, he had established himself as one of the finest writers of our generation with his poems, novels, short stories and essays.In his novels, he captured the myriad problems of presentday society. He had created many unique characters. His poetry was intellectual, yet managed to touch us with its deep humane qualities. Sunilda was a wonderful man; his liberal thinking was reflected in his adda. It also gave us a glimpse of his secular, rational thinking. Bengali literature and poetry will be forever indebted to him. - Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee, Former CM, West BengalSunil Gangopadhyay was an extraordinary man who always had that pleasant smile on his face. As a poet, he was unparalleled. Meeting him and later knowing him as a person was a great experience. He was not only an eminent writer but a brilliant human being too. Equally adept in both prose and poetry, Sunil was one of the most effervescent writers of modern Bengali literature. The last time I met him was at Sahitya Akademi, where we had a long chat. As the president of Sahitya Akademi the amount of good work that he had done is unforgettable. He had launched several projects to popularize Indian literature across the world and encouraged interactions between writers in various Indian languages. Sunil never let his ill health affect his work. From poems to travelogues, children's fiction, short stories, features to essays, Sunil's writings will be etched in our memories forever. - Mrinal Sen, FilmmakerIt was Rinadi's (Aparna Sen) idea to use one of Sunilda's poems from Smritir Sahar for Iti Mrinalini. On a rainy evening, she read out Amake taan maare ratri jagano din and I put it to tune almost immediately. She said permission would never be an issue with Sunilda. Once I was through with the composition, I made him hear it on the phone. A few months back, I met him at a music release when Sunilda told me, 'Smritir Saharer aro kobita niye gaan banao'. There was a time when I would live in his neighbourhood and every morning, when Sunilda would be out for a walk, we would talk about poems and music. He told me once, 'Salildar (Chowdhury) sathe amar kina Americaye giye dekha holo!' Today, he is not there. But his memories will continue to inspire me. - Debajyoti Mishra , ComposerSix years back, I joined Krittibas as the assistant editor. Sunilda was my mentor. He was associated with this magazine since he was 19 and dedicated his entire life to its welfare. I have learnt a lot having worked under him. He was an excellent editor. Many budding poets of Bengal have been able to find a foothold in the literary world through the platform that Krittibas provided. For us, his death is an insurmountable loss. Krittibas and Sunilda have been one; I can't imagine one without the other. But, we have the responsibility of taking his dream forward and keep Sunilda alive through Krittibas. If I'm successful in this venture, it would be my biggest tribute to the man I respected the most. - Pinaki Thakur, Assistant Editor, KrittibasSunilda was tremendously excited on hearing that we were planning to adapt his Mishar Rahashya on celluloid. I met him two-three times. He asked me to reinterpret the novel since it was written in the '80s. He has always been extremely contemporary in his thinking and gave me the creative liberty to adapt it the way I want to. Santu's childhood was different, the children of that era were different, in fact, the generation was different. He wanted to read the script once it was ready. Before the Pujas, he was away, and I couldn't meet him. Now that the script is ready, he is no longer there to go through it. - Srijit Mukjerji, Filmmaker(As told to Ruman Ganguly, Zinia Sen &amp; Madhusree Ghosh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16963195", "title": "Duo rapes 19-year-old, one arrested", "text": "NASHIK: The Bhadrakali police arrested one person for the rape of a 19-year-old married woman from Bandra (E), Mumbai. Another accused in the rape case is still at large.The accused is a distant relative of the victim's husband and has been identified as Ramkisan alias Kalu Nagin Chavan (47), resident of Shubhakal Apartment, Bankar Chowk, Kathe galli. He was presented before a city court which remanded him in police custody till October 29.According to the woman's complaint at the BKC police station in Mumbai on Tuesday, the victim was in Nashik in August to meet her relative. Chavan and an unidentified person approached her and told her that her husband had called her. The woman went along with them, but the two allegedly drugged her and raped her in a hotel near Dwarka Tours and Travels.Soon after the case was registered in Mumbai, it was shifted to the Bhadrakali police station and Chavan was arrested from his residence.The Bhadrakali police said that the victim and her husband were both in Nashik in August when the incident occurred. The husband had been to their relative's house at the time of the incident. The police said the victim took time to gather courage to lodge a complaint against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16958503", "title": "Artwork for CoP-11 still awaiting finishing touches", "text": "HYDERABAD: Although the global biodiversity CoP-11 meet ended a week back with the delegates having bid goodbye to the city, the beautification work of flyover pillars is far from over. Artwork on many pillars in various flyovers including the ones at Punjagutta, Gachibowli, Masab Tank, Greenlands, Begumpet and Khairatabad, is yet to be completed but municipal corporation officials maintain that the work was on \"as per schedule\".The administration had roped in fine arts students and artists from all over the state to work on the paintings and murals on pillars and walls. Although the work had started a couple of months before CoP-11, it was stopped midway, leaving the displays looking incomplete and shoddy. For instance, only a few pillars at the Begumpet, Punjagutta and Gachibowli flyovers have artwork on them while there are some which have not even been painted properly. The Greenlands flyover, near the chief minister's camp office, and the Begumpet flyover, near the old airport, which are to have themes based on animals and pre-history, is still awaiting murals. A government official who is a member of the organising committee for CoP-11 said that the contractors could finish only 80% of the work during CoP-11 and hence they would have to complete the remaining work if they are to receive full payment for their services. The Gachibowli flyover has a sports theme with only a few pillars near the Outer Ring Road painted with portraits of athletes. Similarly, some pillars at the Punjagutta flyover, which has artwork showcasing various dance forms, have been left blank.\"The idea behind this creative and unique initiative was good but it is sad that the administration did not ensure it was executed smoothly. When so much money was spent, it should have been ready by CoP-11,\" said P Radhakrishna, a government college lecturer. \"It is not a great sight to see half the walls and pillars covered with beautiful paintings while the rest of it remains half done,\" he added.Additional GHMC commissioner (parks), P Anuradha, however, said: \"The art pieces are ready and will be fitted soon. This work involved artists and being creative in nature it took time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "16963975", "title": "Mills keep cane ryots in good humour", "text": "DHARWAD: The announcement of the state government on Monday offering minimum support price of Rs 2,400 per tonne of sugarcane seems to have pacified the growers to some extent at least in north Karnataka region.Though the farmers were expecting Rs 3,000 per tonne, sugar factories in the region are offering Rs 2,200. The state government's announcement of Rs 2,400 per tonne has placated the farmers in Belgaum and Bagalkot districts which are considered 'sugar bowls' of the region.This year, there has been a considerable decline in the sugarcane yield in the region due to scanty rainfall and the factories are after the farmers wooing them to supply sugarcane to their units. The factories are promising to send teams to harvest the produce to ensure that the farmers do not divert the produce to Maharashtra seeking better price.\"In the past, we used to get maximum of Rs 2,200 per tonne, but considering the escalation of the cost we were expecting Rs 3,000 per tonne. Now, that the state government has chipped in and fixed a minimum price of Rs 2,400, we will accept it. It would have been better if the government had fixed Rs 2,600 per tonne,\" said sugarcane grower M R Desai of Dyavalatti hamlet of Akkatangerhal in Gokak taluk.The agronomical and climatic condition in north Karnataka in general and Belgaum division in particular are conducive for growing sugarcane.\"The lands here have the potential to get 150 tonne of sugarcane per hectare. However, due to lack of knowledge on improved cultivation methods the average yield per hectare is confined to 85 tonne,\" he said.One of the reasons for low yield is that the cane development officers are not visiting the fields and disseminating information on the improved sugarcane seeds available in the market.There are 571 sugar factories in the country supporting 35 million farmers. Karnataka stands third after Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh in area under sugarcane as well as in sugar production.Similarly, in Belgaum division, there are 34 working sugar factories with installed capacity to crush 1.47 lakh metric tonne per day with annual requirement of 236 lakh metric tonne. Now, the measures are taken to set up 20 new sugar factories which have the capacity of meeting 82 lakh metric tonne of sugarcane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16960839", "title": "On asset front, sky is the limit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sky seems to be the limit for politicians in Himachal Pradesh when it comes to amassing wealth while in power or in opposition. Candidates, who are recontesting the HP assembly elections, have shown an increase of 122% in their assets in the past five years.The data released on Thursday by Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR), an election watchdog, reveals that the average value of assets of candidates grew by Rs 2.33 crores -- from Rs 1.9 crores in 2007 to Rs 4.24 crores in 2012.Out of the 459 contestants, there are 112 politicians who contested the 2007 assembly elections and are in the fray again. Out of the 112 candidates recontesting the elections, 54 are sitting MLAs.While the ruling BJP, which is repeating 37 candidates, has shown an increase of 153% in the assets of its candidates, the opposition Congress, whose 41 candidates are recontesting, has declared a rise of 109% in the assets of its politicians in the past five years.The average assets of BJP increased by Rs 1.04 crores -- from Rs 68.28 lakhs in 2007 to Rs 1.72 crores, and the assets of Congress candidates grew by Rs 4.59 crores -- from Rs 4.19 crores to Rs 8.79 crores.The total asset value of Congress candidate from Palampur Brij Bihari Lal Butail, who is also the richest candidate, has taken the highest jump of Rs 77.29 crores in five years. His assets grew from Rs 91.92 crores in 2007 to Rs 169.21 crores in 2012. He is followed by Anil Kumar Sharma, who is the son of disgraced former Union minister Sukh Ram and contesting from Mandi on Congress ticket. Anil's assets grew by Rs 26.59 crores -- from Rs 3.11 crores in 2007 to Rs 29.70 crores in 2012.G S Bali, Congress candidate from Nagrota Bagwan in Kangra, has shown an increase of Rs 21.03 crores in his assets -- from Rs 3.81 crores in 2007 to Rs 24.85 crores in 2012.The highest percentage increase of 7,463% in assets has been declared by Bumber Thakur, Congress candidate from Bilaspur. His assets increased from a mere Rs 1.35 lakhs in 2007 to Rs 1.02 crores in 2012.As per the ADR data, the assets of Nathu Ram, a BSP candidate, grew from just Rs 50,000 in 2007 to Rs 25.1 lakhs in 2012.Winners more succesfulThe ADR data also reveals that the sitting MLAs, who are recontesting elections, were financially more successful than their brethren who lost. As per the data, the average growth in assets for recontesting MLAs is Rs 2.37 crores -- from Rs 1.38 crores in 2007 to Rs 3.76 crores in 2012 which comes to around an increase of 172%. Only seven candidates, including four MLAs, have shown a decrease in their assets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16960487", "title": "Kingfisher staff in Chennai keep their fingers crossed", "text": "CHENNAI: A few months ago, Hemant Kumar* of Kingfisher Airlines got an offer from a rival airline but declined to move. Later, when the airline plunged deeper into crisis, he tried his luck. But it was too late. Now, he hopes for the best.More than 300 employees of the airline in Chennai are keeping their fingers crossed about their future and that of the airline. Many of them heaved a sigh of relief after an email from colleagues late on Wednesday night said striking pilots and engineers had accepted the management's proposal to pay three months' salary before Diwali. On Thursday, a Kingfisher Airlines statement said: \"Employees have agreed to resume work and report for duty immediately. We will now finalize and present our resumption plan to the DGCA and hope to get its concurrence soon.\"The airline said it would clear salary dues till May. Many employees received their February salary nearly a month and a half ago. Salaries for seven months are due for employees. In Chennai, the airline staff handle almost all jobs, including check-in, boarding and other ground-handling works.\"It is good that at least one impasse has been unlocked. Now, the lockout situation is no longer there and it is up to the government to allow us to operate services. It looks like we will soon be able to start flights,\" said an employee at Chennai airport.Life is tough for many junior-level staff who have been working without pay for the last few months. \"Many were getting support from their parents to pay rents while a few have quit. Senior staff, including pilots and engineers, have started to tap into their savings. It was good that the company decided to pay a month's pay recently. But for that several families would have plunged into a crisis,\" said an Airports Authority of India (AAI) official.There were other problems too. \"House owners in Pammal, Pallavaram and other nearby areas are reluctant to offer houses on rent to Kingfisher employees,\" said a staffer who doubles up as a broker and finds rented accommodation for other employees.The management had told staff to wait till the crisis blew over. Sources said many ground-handling employees were not willing to quit as the work environment at Kingfisher was better than many other airlines.The Kingfisher employees were on strike for 23 days.*Name changed to protect identity", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16961108", "title": "Congress writes to Election Commission", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Congress has, in a letter to chief electoral officer Anita Karwal and state chief secretary A K Joti, asked to strictly implement the code of conduct in the state and also direct the police to maintain law and order.Gujarat Pradesh Congress president Arjun Modhwadia claimed that the in Junagadh, the police resorted to firing which injured six dalits. Of these, one was in a serious condition. Modhwadia claimed that the police resorts to firing without warning or without even lobbing tear gas shells.\"The police was resorting to firing to terrorize dalits and the poor during the election, and keep them away from voting,\" he said.He claimed that earlier in Than too, the police resorted to firing, killing three youths. This has created fear among dalits.He further said that in Viramgam, four Adivasis women were raped. The government has not shown any concern for these rape victims.Modhwadia claimed that the state government had posted officers helpful to them electorally to important posts just before the elections were announced. He said this was the modus operandi adopted by the government in 2002 and 2007 assembly elections and also during the 2004 and 2009 Lok Sabha elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "rajgir", "code": "16964067", "title": "Governor inaugurates Vishwa Shanti Stupa anniversary function", "text": "RAJGIR: Amid the chanting of 'Na-mu-myo-ho-ren-ge-kyo' and the beating of 'Otaiko' (hand drum) governor Devanand Konwar inaugurated the 43rd foundation anniversary of Vishwa Shanti Stupa, the symbol of world peace, atop Ratnagiri hills at Rajgir on Thursday.The governor, in his inaugural speech, said the land is very holy for its association with Mahatma Buddha who preached his sermon of love, peace and non-violence. Japanese monk Nichidatsu Fujii Guruji, who dreamt of restoring peace in the world, first initiated dialogue with India's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru for the construction of Vishwa Shanti Stupa.The holy session was conducted by chief monk of Nipponzan Myohoji S Shugei of Japan who presented a memento to the chief guest and the governor felicitated him with a memento on the state government's memento. The monk said the stupa is not only a symbol of world peace but it also reminds one of Indo-Japan friendship. Amid surprising absence of tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu and other officials of his ministry, DM Nalanda Sanjay Kumar Agarwal read out the CM's message. The function was conducted by the secretary Bihar Buddha Vihar society Mahashweta Maharthi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16960843", "title": "Scientists change colour of gold", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have for the first time found a way to change the colour of the world's most iconic precious metal \u2014 gold .Researchers from the University of Southampton have discovered that by embossing tiny raised or indented patterns onto the metal's surface, they can change the way it absorbs and reflects light \u2014 ensuring our eyes don't see it as 'golden' in colour at all.Equally applicable to other metals like silver and aluminium, this breakthrough opens up the prospect of colouring metals without having to coat or chemically treat them, delivering valuable economic, environmental and other benefits.The technique could also be harnessed in a wide range of industries like manufacturing jewellery to making banknotes and documents harder to forge.It can be used to produce a wide range of colours on a given metal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16961095", "title": "Teachers fume as education department fumbles in transfers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Technical education in Gujarat is in a quandary. A recent round of mass transfers of lecturers, assistant professors and professors is ridden with errors. Many of the college teachers have been transferred to posts which have been lying defunct for long. This error in transfer process has seen the Gujarat technical education department reviving several posts.Not only has this raised a question on how shall teachers get their salaries now, the mass transfers have also hit academics in several colleges in the city, as well as, administrative activities in the Gujarat Technological University. Professors handling various administrative portfolios in GTU have been transferred to various colleges across Gujarat. The mass transfer was effected after a gap of more than five years.Trouble erupted after the director of technical education transferred 186 professors, assistant professors and lecturers of various government polytechnic and government engineering colleges. Several of the teachers were erroneously transferred to posts which were defunct on the government's roster.\"These employees who found themselves in a fix wrote letters to the state education department. This caused the government to rethink over the issue and they have revived some of the defunct posts. However, several transferred professors are still on a limbo as their defunct class-I posts are yet to be revived,\" said a city college principal.\"In certain cases there are no lecturers and assistant professors in the college but now professors have been posted. These senior educationists will be incapable of handling the administrative and other duties which are meant to be taken care of by the junior teaching staff,\" said a professor in a city-based college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964890", "title": "Uday Kiran hosts wedding reception", "text": "Actor Uday Kiran married Vishitha at Annavaram on October 24, 2012 and the couple hosted the marriage reception in Hyderabad for the industry.Many people from Tollywood fraternity including Ramanaidu, Shyam Prasad Reddy, Varun Sandesh, director Teja, Kalyan Ram, Nani, veteran actor Rajendra Prasad, Sarwananad, lyricist Bhaskarbhatla, Srikanth, etc. attended the event and blessed the newlywed couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16963329", "title": "Ranthambore National Park: Tiger\u2019s daring attack shocks everyone", "text": "JAIPUR: The death of a forester, Gheesu Singh, in an attack by a male tiger in Ranthambore National Park on Thursday morning has shocked everyone, more because of the behaviour of the big cat.Gheesu Singh was walking between two groups of labourers to repair a road when the tiger, T-24, appeared from the bushes and attacked him. \"This clearly shows that the tiger has become daring. For, not only it was its fourth attack and third human kill, but also that it took on Gheesu Singh amid a crowd indicates its loss of fear of human beings,\" said a Rajpal Singh, member of state wildlife board.\"T-24 has a large territory and it also rules over the area adjacent to Sawai Madhopur town. It had even gone off to Sawai Mansingh Sanctuary sometime back through areas that had human habitations. One has to monitor the tiger's behavior carefully, else it might pose a problem,\" he added. Even the forest department is not taking any chances and minister Bina Kak even hinted of moving T-24 to the proposed tiger safari enclosure in the park. The state has proposed a tiger safari on the outskirts of the park where old tigers will be housed in closed enclosure for people to watch.Kak, in the same breath, also hinted at the speeding up of the relocation of tigers from Ranthambore to Sariska National Park in a bid to ensure more space to the existing big cats. \"But before we do that, we will definitely take the opinion of experts and ensure that the right tiger is relocated,\" she said. Officials of the department said that on Thursday, T-24 was refusing to let go the body of Gheesu Singh. \"It was only after we burst some crackers that he left the body. A similar behaviour by the tiger was seen in his second human kill when he stood atop the body and let it go only after we burst crackers.\"He also said that the adjacent area is occupied by tigress T-39. \"The tigress has a male cub and T-24 is most likely his father. Tiger's fathers in Ranthambore have been showing unique behaviour of protecting their cubs. Maybe this behavior is a pointer towards that. But as to how the department will manage a potentially dangerous tiger who is treading territory that is taken by hundreds of pilgrims is to be seen,\" he said.However, conservation biologist Dharmendra Khandal of Tiger watch felt: \"In the earlier instances of alleged killing by T-24, it was merely suspected that the incidents were created by it. There was no direct evidence. Also important is the fact that these killings did not occur within a short span of time. They have been spread over a period of time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16960687", "title": "Chief architect told not to attend meets to discuss Mantralaya renovation project", "text": "MUMBAI: The multi-crore Mantralaya renovation contract, already under a cloud for its abnormal high cost, seems headed for another controversy. TOI has learned that the state government's chief architect was barred from attending the high-level meetings to discuss the project. This has raised eyebrows because the government outsourced the work to a private architect, Raja Aederi, to fix the cost estimate and invite builders.The Mantralaya renovation work is the latest in the slew of controversial mega contracts awarded by the state public works department (PWD).Sources in the construction industry said it was \"shocking'' that the lowest bid was Rs 163 crore against the official estimate of Rs 110 crore. \"For restoring and renovating an area of around 1.25 lakh sq ft, the lowest quotation works out to an astounding Rs 13,000 a sq ft. Any builder or architect will tell you that a decent quality of similar work could be done at half the price,'' said sources.Over a month after a blaze gutted three floors of the state secretariat on June 21, chief architect of the PWD Bipin Sankhe was informed that he would not be required to attend the discussions on renovation work with state chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia. On August 23, Sankhe was told by PWD secretary Shymal Mukherjee to stay away from the meeting.Sankhe then shot off a letter to Mukherjee, protesting that while junior officers were allowed to attend the meetings, he was being kept out. The letter, a copy of which was made available to this newspaper, said, \"The chief architect is never called for meeting conveyed by you. On August 23, the chief secretary asked me to wait in his office because he wanted to discuss the Mantralaya renovation proposal. However, you told the chief secretary that my presence would not be required in the meeting.''Sankhe's letter further said, \"I am senior to all PWD engineers. As the state chief architect, I am responsible for any issue pertaining to architecture work. Yet, you have asked me to stay away from these meetings. I do not understand this logic.'' Sankhe added, \"You are supposed to function according to administrative rules and regulations. I should have been invited for these meetings. In the future, my department should not be held responsible for any architectural shortcomings.''When contacted, Mukherjee said, \"The government has already nominated an independent architect and he has been giving his ideas. However, there should be no problem accommodating him (Sankhe) in the discussions. We have no issues with him. The priority is to get the work done properly. Besides, he is not a member of the high-level committee headed by the chief secretary.''The lowest bidder, Unity Infraprojects, said it quoted 48% above the project cost estimate, because the entire work has to be completed in less than a year. However, industry sources debunked this claim and said the short time-table need not lead to such a cost escalation. Other bidders were Shapoorji Pallonji (Rs 167 crore) and Larsen and Toubro (Rs 177 crore). The committee headed by the chief secretary is reviewing the project in wake of the unusually high bids.The Mantralaya project involves restoration and renovation of the 4th, 5th and 6th floors on the main building. It includes structural strengthening, civil works, interiors, electrical fittings, plumbing and air-cooling system.JJ's space augmentation plan shelvedIn 1999, the Sir JJ College of Architecture had submitted a Mantralaya modernization and space planning proposal to the state government at a cost of less than Rs 50 crore. The proposal would have created an additional 1.20 lakh sq ft of space in the state headquarters by installing modular furniture and civil work construction. \"In the original design, the Mantralaya courtyard was supposed to be a usable space with water fountains and gardens. However, this was discontinued over the years. It is now proposed to rejuvenate this area with a water fountain, glass capsule lifts and a statue of Shivaji Maharaj in a proper setting. This courtyard space shall be a centre of attraction and similar to an atrium of a five star hotel,'' said the proposal. However, the plan was put in cold storage by the state government.Times view : Handle important projects with transparencyThe Mantralaya makeover will be under intense scrutiny, given the number of scams that have been uncovered in several major projects undertaken by the government. So, it is imperative that the project is handled with total transparency. But the way things have taken off suggests that lessons have not been learnt and the same mistakes, which have led to scams in the past, could be repeated. The Mantralaya is the seat of governance in Maharashtra and its makeover needs to be handled more professionally; even a whiff of a scandal in this project can lead to serious political repercussions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16961929", "title": "Petrol price to rise by 30 paise a litre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Petrol paise price a litre will after be government hiked by 30 paise decided per to litre increase and diesel the commis rate by 18 - sion paid to petrol pump dealers. The petroleum ministry today decided to increase the dealer commission on petrol from Rs 1.499 per litre to Rs 1.799 a litre.The same on diesel has been hiked from 91 paise to Rs 1.09 a litre, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "derry (new hpshire)", "code": "16960945", "title": "Rape remark hots up president race as women hold key", "text": "DERRY (NEW HPSHIRE): Emmakate Paris was a one-woman tornado the other day, whipping through the racks at the thrift shop in Derry, hunting for clothes for her children and one special item for herself : a green suit. For Halloween , she wants to dress up as Tippi Hedren in the Hitchcock movie 'The Birds' .Halloween is a small indulgence in a life that Paris, 41, said was consumed by worries \u2014 \"about the kids, insurance , vacation, school, taxes, the price of gas, everything\" .She voted for Barack Obama in 2008 but is now torn. Obama has not lived up to his promise, she said. \"My husband and I both have to work full time, and we're just getting by.\"But she is not thrilled with Mitt Romney either. She said he would set women back because he did not understand their needs. \"Women worked so hard to get where we are today and to take our rights away from us is \u2014 no,\" she said, shaking her head.Behold the coveted female swing voter of 2012.She has slipped a rung or two down the economic ladder from the soccer moms of the more prosperous 1990s, as indicated by her new nickname \u2014waitress mom. Rather than ferrying children around the suburbs in minivans, she is spinning in the hamster wheel of a tight economy and not getting ahead.The intense competition for the female vote was underscored on Wednesday as both presidential campaigns seized on a remark by Richard E Mourdock, the Republican senate candidate in Indiana, in a Tuesday night debate that pregnancy is \"something that God intended to happen\" even if it is the result of rape.Romney, who had just made an advertisement for Mourdock, quickly distanced himself from the statement.The Romney campaign said their candidate disagrees with Mourdock and the Indiana candidate's remarks did not reflect the presidential candidates views.Just as quickly the Obama campaign suggested that it reflected the backward thinking of Republicans and said that if elected, they would pose a danger to women's health.Obama took a swipe at the comments personally on Wednesday bluntly saying \"rape is rape\".Appearing on NBC's 'The Tonight Show' with Jay Leno, he said women should be trusted to make their own decisions about their bodies, in consultation with their doctors, and politicians shouldn't intrude.\"I don't know how these guys come up with these ideas... rape is rape. It is a crime. These various distinctions about rape don't make too much sense to me, don't make any sense to me.\"-- Angencies &amp; NYT news service", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959474", "title": "Gadkari loaned money to companies that invested in his firm: I-T smells a rat", "text": "NEW DELHI: With evidence emerging to suggest that Nitin Gadkari may have loaned money to firms which invested into Purti Power and Sugar Limited, the income tax department has joined the ministry of corporate affairs in looking at the funding of the company founded by the BJP president.There are also indications that the Enforcement Directorate may examine the possibility of launching a probe under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act if further evidence of forgery emerges and an FIR is registered.A TOI examination of the funding web revealed that more than 100 companies could be behind the two dozen firms which have been key investors in Purti group, bringing in amounts ranging from a few lakhs to a few crores in what constituted the first layer of the baffling maze of investments. Many of the 100 companies, spread all over India, were being managed by Gadkari's aides for a couple of years or so.Documents filed with the Registrar of Companies reveal another mystifying pattern, that of Gadkari himself lending money as unsecured loans to companies which invested into Purti.Take the case of Update Mercantile. The company, which is registered at Ghatkopar East, Mumbai, holds 29 lakh shares in Purti group. It received an unsecured loan of more than Rs 80 lakh in 2009-10 from various sources. Of this, Gadkari had lent Rs 14.5 lakh.The same pattern is seen in the case of another Purti investor, Regency Equifin. The company, registered at Malad East, Mumbai, holds 43 lakh shares in Purti. In 2008-09, Gadkari gave an unsecured loan of Rs 26 lakh to the firm, of which Rs 10 lakh was returned the next year. In 2011, the loss making Purti gave a loan of Rs 95 lakh to Regency Equifin.The transactions have triggered suspicion among investigating agencies of round-tripping and money laundering. Sources in the IT department said a report would be submitted to the Central Board of Direct Taxes shortly.Sources said the investigators will now also look at other violations such as forgery.In many instances, details of directors, addresses of companies that have invested in Purti group have already turned out to be bogus. Sources said if cases of forgery were lodged, those could lead to investigations under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "sydney sixers win clt20     clt20", "code": "16815762", "title": "Photo Gallery (Champions League Twenty20 2012)", "text": "Sydney Sixers win CLT20     CLT20: Sydney vs Titans  CLT20: Delhi vs Lions  CLT20: Mumbai vs Sydney      CLT20: Chennai vs Yorkshire  CLT20: Kolkata vs Titans  CLT20: Delhi vs Perth      CLT20: Mumbai vs Chennai  CLT20: Mumbai vs Yorkshire  CLT20: Titans vs Auckland      CLT20: Mumbai vs Lions  CLT20: Chennai vs Sydney  CLT20: Delhi vs Kolkata", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "16965176", "title": "Congress to hold show of strength in Surat on October 31", "text": "SURAT: Congress party will be organizing a Jan Vijay Maha Sammelan in Surat on October 31 to kick-start its second phase of poll in south Gujarat. The sammelan would be a show of strength with more than 50,000 people attending it.Besides, the party aims to convey that it is a united force and the entire top level leadership of the party in the state will attend the event. A senior national leader from the All India Congress Committee (AICC) is also expected to remain present. City Congress president Ashok Jirawala said, \"We were asked to organize the sammelan by the state leadership during our visit to Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad on Wednesday.\"Leader of opposition in Surat Municipal Corporation Babu Rayka and Jirawala had been called for short listing the candidates from different assembly constituencies of Surat city.The venue for the proposed sammelan is likely to be Ambedkar statue on Ring Road in the evening. \"We might shift the venue to some place in Earache, if we are not permitted to hold the event on the Ring Road,\" said a local leader.\"In the changing scenario of state politics, this sammelan will serve as a catalyst for change,\" said Rayka. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16959679", "title": "Haryana officials give clean chit to Vadra in land deals", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Inquiries conducted by the deputy commissioners of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Palwal and Mewat have indicated that there was no wrongdoing in land deals involving UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra.A day after his transfer, whistleblower IAS officer Ashok Khemka had on October 12 asked the deputy commissioners to inspect documents registered from 2005 on behalf of Vadra or his companies in the capacity of either vendor (seller) or vendee (buyer).Palwal deputy commissioner Vijay Singh Dahiya said, \"No transaction has been reported to be undervalued.\"A revenue official said Vadra and his firms had purchased 74 acres of land in Hasanpur village of Hodel tehsil. \"All documents were registered as per the circle rates (charges fixed by government) by paying stamp duty. No loss was caused to the state exchequer,\" said an October 18 report prepared by the Gurgaon DC.\"In one deal, Vadra paid more than Rs 2.21 lakh as stamp duty for buying 9 acres of land, though he was liable to pay only Rs 67,500. The total consideration of the deal, executed on March 3, 2008, has been shown as worth Rs 36.9 lakh against the then circle rate of Rs 13.5 lakh, which means that the land was registered on the higher side than the charges fixed by the government,\" the DC said. Vadra bought this land from a Gurgaon-resident, H L Pahwa.In another deal, Vadra paid Rs 15 lakh to another Gurgaon resident, Jashwant Singh, for about 10 acres of land. Other three plots were bought by Vadra's companies \u2014 Sky Light Realty and Real Earth Estates \u2014 in Palwal district.There were 11 registrations involving over 52 acres related to Vadra companies in Faridabad district. \"There was not even a single case of undervaluation or theft of stamp duty,\" said a senior officer. Revenue officials of Mewat also said there was no wrongdoing in the purchase of 27 acres in Shakarpuri village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16963217", "title": "External fixation surgery helps injured dog recover", "text": "NASHIK: A female dog that was badly injured in a road accident on October 18 is on the way to recovery after an external fixation surgery at the city's veterinary polyclinic. This is the second such surgery in the city.The pet that belongs to a family in Sangamner was out on a walk when a truck ran over her. The owner Mahesh Bhagwat, brought her to the veterinary polyclinic at Nashik.Dr Sanjay Gaikwad, who performed the surgery for the second time on an animal said that the dog was badly injured in the right foreleg. \"This dog was referred for humerous fracture. In normal plasters, pin or plates, screws, rods are inserted in the bone and two bones have to be blocked so the joint also gets locked. In external fixation, the advantage is that the joint does not get locked. The operative procedure took two hours. Such operations are generally done in the lower part of the body,\" said Dr Gaikwad. She underwent treatment for some days after the operation.\"The female dog is doing well and is at present in the house of it owner. For complete recovery, she will need at least two months,\" added Gaikwad. Bhagwat said the dog had suffered a bad fracture. \"Now she roams around comfortably. We are happy with the kind of surgery that has been performed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16959995", "title": "Needy kids revel at Puja Parikrama tours", "text": "KOLKATA: They gaped in awe and squealed in delight. Joy, Rahul, Lakshmi, Rajan, Shabnam, Asif and hundreds of other children who rarely get to venture beyond dingy lanes and bylanes of the city, reveled at the opportunity to hop from one pandal to another decked in their best finery.Over Saptami, Ashtami and Navami, nearly 1,000 children from under-privileged families studying in Apeejay Anand Library, St Lawrence Night School, St John Diocesan Girls Night School, Loreto Sealdah's Rainbow School, All Bengal Women's Union - Elliot Road, IPER, SOS Childrens' Village and NGO Bharani hopped on board buses to visit some of the best pandals in Kolkata and Salt Lake. The 11th edition of The Times of India Sharad Parikrama 2012 presented by Add Life in association with Hindalco Industries Ltd , Techno India Group, Rotary Club of Calcutta-Victoria and Kenilworth Hotel, Kolkata offered the children a break from gloom and added a huge slice of joy to their humdrum lives.On Saptami, buses were flagged off from Princep Ghat by British deputy high commissioner Sanjay Wadvani, Bangladesh deputy high commissioner Abida Islam, Patton International managing director and Add Life director Sanjay Budhia and Anil Sinha, senior vice president, HR, Hindalco Industries. On Ashtami, fashion designer Agnimitra Paul flagged off the buses from Lions Safari Park, Southern Avenue, and on Navami, actor Arindam Sil did the honours at Central Park. Rotary Club of Calcutta-Victoria president Rakesh Macwan and secretary Sarah Akla Macwan were present on all three days.While the kids visited Pujas at Park Circus, Ekdalia and Maddox Square on day-I, the children visited Suruchi Sangha, Deshapriya Park and Mudiali on day-2. On the final day, the children trooped to Pujas at FD Block, Labony and Karunamoyee in Salt Lake.\"It was a delight to go pandal-hopping with so many new friends. The pandals were majestic. But the ride was even better. It was great fun to travel together,\" said Joy and others cheered in agreement.Expressing happiness at being able to contribute in a way that brings smiles to the faces of children, Sanjay Budhia, director of presenting sponsor Add Life, remarked: \"The guided Puja tour for underprivileged kids is a great idea. For Add Life, it is an added satisfaction to enable the children travel safely under one roof while enjoying the Pujas.\"Anil Sinha, president (human resource) at Hindalco, the associate sponsor of the three-day event, said: \"We are happy to be associated over the last six years with the Times of India Sharad Parikrama. I believe there could be no better way to celebrate this pious and auspicious occasion, than by being with these smiling happy children. It is very heartening to see the underprivileged children get an opportunity to visit pandals and enjoy the fun and beauty of Durga Puja, which they would otherwise miss out. We are thankful to Times of India for continuing this programme for so many years. Our joy and happiness comes from getting to interact with the young kids and see them enjoying the fun and festivities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958957", "title": "Body on tracks: Government Railway Police runs into dead end", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly a week after a woman was mowed down by a train, the GRP is yet to trace any witnesses who could confirm if the death was a suicide or accidental. The body of Rekha Gohil (41), a tuition teacher, was found between Borivli and Dahisar stations on October 18.According to the police, Rekha and her husband Jayesh, a tailor, resided in Dahisar (E). The couple has a son (20) and a daughter (16). Rekha had told her husband, who had come home from work for lunch, that she was going to visit her parents in Virar. He went off to sleep and woke up at 3.35 pm to find Rekha had left home. \"Jayesh called up Rekha's father to inquire if she had reached Virar. But her father said she hadn't,\" said senior inspector Shivaji Bagal, Borivli GRP.When there was no sign of Rekha till 9.30 pm, Jayesh went to the police station. The cops directed him to the GRP as they had received a message about a woman's body being found. Jayesh identified the deceased's body. \"A memo from the station master said Rekha was killed while crossing tracks,\" a GRP official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16964281", "title": "Ex gratia for cold wave deaths, crop loss", "text": "PATNA: The next of kin of those who die of cold wave conditions in the state would now get ex gratia as assistance from the state government, as cold wave/frost has been made \"an eligible natural calamity\" by the Centre.The farmers concerned, too, would be eligible for compensation, if they suffer crop loss. So far, only 11 severely critical situations were included in the natural calamity category, state disaster management department (DMD) sources said.The 11 natural calamities so listed included flood, drought, quake, cyclone, snowfall, avalanche, cloudburst, tsunami, attack of pests and lightning. In the light of the Centre's decision, the situation created by cold wave/frost conditions leading to the loss of human life, cattle and crop has been listed and included as the 12th category of natural calamity.With the temperature falling towards October end, winter is likely to come early, from around the 'Chhath' festival itself. Severe cold is being apprehended this winter. In that case, the inclusion of cold wave conditions as the new category of natural calamity would be a huge relief for the people of the state as many people in Bihar die due to cold.The compensation amount would be to the tune of Rs 2 lakh for the death of a person. Of the sum, Rs 1.50 lakh would be released from state disaster response fund (SDRF) and the remaining Rs 50,000 from the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF).However, the Centre has put certain riders with regard to the declaration of an area or district as afflicted by the cold wave/frost conditions. The official memo (OM) released by the Centre in this regard is explicit.\"For declaring a district as affected by frost/cold wave conditions by the state government concerned, the meteorological data on departure of normal minimum temperature in the affected area, as released by the India Meteorological Department (IMD), shall be taken into consideration,\" says the Centre's OM on the matter.Besides, two types of temperature reading would determine if the area is affected by the same or not: \"If minimum temperature is lower than 7 degree C in an area where normal minimum temperature is 10 degree C and above; and, if minimum is lower than 5 degree C in an area where normal minimum temperature is less than 10 degree C.\"Further, \"areas which suffer crop loss of 50% or more by cold wave/frost conditions will be eligible for assistance from SDRF/National Disaster Response Fund (NDRF), as is now allowed in the case of damage due to drought, hailstorm, pest attack and other natural calamities.\" On the same pattern, \"animal husbandry, including poultry sector, would get assistance from SDRF/NDRF in the wake of cold wave/frost.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16961558", "title": "Microsoft Windows 8 launched", "text": "NEW YORK: Microsoft said on Thursday its 'reimagined' Windows 8 will launch on Friday in 37 languages and 140 worldwide markets, as the tech giant unveiled the new version of its computer operating system. \"We have reimagined Windows and the result is a stunning lineup of new PCs,\" said Microsoft chief Steve Ballmer in announcing the new system of Windows designed to help the transition to growing mobile Internet use. At an event, Steven Sinofsky, president of Microsoft's Windows division announced the ability of Windows users to upgrade to Windows 8 online and in the store. The updates start at $39.99 for consumers.Sinofsky claims that Windows 8 has a better battery life, , faster boot time, smaller memory footprint, strong work with partners, and compatibility with Windows 7 hardware and software.\"Windows 8 is designed to work with mouse and keyboard, as well as touch. That's the big selling point of the new OS,\" he said. \"The potential market for Windows is the largest of any platform,\" he added. \"You will see fully capable PCs for Windows 8 for under $300,\" Sinofsky said.The software giant has gambled by changing long familiar user interface features to make Windows 8 compatible with trends toward keeping programs and data in the Internet \"cloud\" and relying on mobile gadgets at work and at home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16958377", "title": "'Be imaginative, creative'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Calling out a pledge and asking his \"young friends\" to repeat was the characteristic Kalam at the National Botanical Research Institute (NBRI).\"Imagination leads to creativity; creativity leads to thinking; thinking provides knowledge and knowledge makes you great,\" was the first lesson imparted by former President of India APJ Abdul Kalam to the students in form of a pledge at the National Botanical Research Institute on Thursday.It was a brief interaction marked with verve, as Kalam not only answered the questions asked by students, but was also keen to know about the future plans of the children. And, what he got to know were varied plans, with some of the students nurturing a desire to be the prime minister, others wishing to be an IAS officer who is not \"corrupt\".Answering the first question about environmental degradation and bio-technology having the potential to turn the table around, he said planting a tree is the solution. \"Today onwards, I have decided to plant five trees or nurture them to grow and I will do it,\" was his second lesson which he asked students to repeat loud and clear. Kalam also encouraged students to keep their mothers happy, for it's the mother's happiness, which he said, will make the home, society, city, state and the country happy. When asked by another student, \"Do you think that nuclear energy is the panacea for energy crisis?\", he said, \"I am recommending energy interdependence. Hydro-power, bio-fuel, nuclear, wind and solar energy are the hope for future.\"Exhorting students to be transparent and ethical, he appreciated one of them when she asked about the fossil fuels getting extinct. \"It's a sorry state of affairs that nobody is thinking in this direction and after 60 years except coal, all fossil fuels will be extinct,\" he said. Calling the 'ignited mind' of the youth as the most powerful resource on the earth, above the earth and under the earth', he said we will have start a youth movement for energy conservation. In a lighter vein, he asked teachers not to prompt students to ask questions, and encouraged questions coming from the middle and the last rows of students, as the questions from the front rows were \"fed\" by teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964121", "title": "PETA promotes vegan diet in New Delhi", "text": "People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) campaigned in New Delhi on Thursday wearing Formula One costumes.Reiterating their cause that it was healthy for people to eat vegetarian food, and remain vegetarians to protect the eroding environment, PETA activists highlighted the fact that water needed to produce one pound of meat could be used for bathing for six months.The group also claimed that the meat industry produces greenhouse gases.A PETA campaigner, Benazir, said that if people turn vegetarian, the lives of several animals could be saved.\"We are here today to promote veganism, and we are here in a Formula One costume, because we want people to run their engine (s) by going vegan. This is a great lifestyle. It''s healthy, it's good for animals, it''s good for humans, and it's very good for the environment,\" said Benazir.PETA girls were promoting the vegan lifestyle at India Gate with a chicken mascot supporting their campaign.Campaigners grabbed the public's attention by holding placards, which spread the message for a healthy environment.Benazir further said: \"Since Formula One is going to start here, our message to the people is, that if you stop drinking milk and stop eating fish and meat, it would be good for your health, environment and animals, and we are relating our campaign with F1, because F1 is related to speed. If you become vegan, your body would be able to run faster, your health would improve. Everything will speed up; your body system will speed up.PETA have been pulling back the curtain on farm processes and pressuring restaurants and grocery stores to offer food that is produced more humanely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16962828", "title": "Gadkari should tender resignation: Thakre", "text": "YAVATMAL: In an urgently summoned press conference, on Thursday, Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre urged BJP national president Nitin Gadkari to tender his resignation from the party post on moral grounds. He also asked Gadkari to come forward to face impartial probe into the serious allegation of corruption levelled against him.\"Serious allegations have been made against Gadkari, who is the national president of a national party. Also, it is BJP's own MP and eminent lawyer Ram Jethmalani who has publicly sought his immediate resignation,\" Thakre pointed out. Thakre has expressed surprise over the subdued approach of the BJP top leaders on the issue.When he was asked about Gadkari's statement that Manikrao and Gade Patil of Yavatmal owe a considerable amount of money to Purti Sugar factory, Thakre said, the amount was released for transportation charges of the sugar cane to the factory. He added that he had nothing to do with the fund.When reaction was sought on Balasheb Thackeray's statement that the country can be saved only when Sonia, Rahul, Robert, Priyanka and Ahmed Patel are evicted from the country, he said that Thackeray was trying to gain political mileage.On being asked about the possibility for a mid term poll, he said, both DF and UPA governments will complete their terms.He praised UPA decision to open Indian market to foreign direct investment. He said that this will help the farmers in a big way. He also said that the MPCC had launched a membership drive from October 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16962138", "title": "Tamannah is Tiger\u2019s heroine", "text": "After months of speculation as to who will play the leading lady opposite Jackie and Ayesha Shroff's son Tiger in his debut film Heropanti, we've now learnt south superstar Tamannah is producer Sajid Nadiadwala and director Sabir Khan's chosen one.Earlier, a section of the media had reported that Suniel and Mana Shetty's daughter Athiya was being considered for the part. Next, there were rumours Nadiadwala was talking to Katrina Kaif's sister Issabelle for the role.A source told TOI, \"It is finally Tamannah they've zeroed in on. The earlier reports were all rumours. Tamannah will sign on the dotted line in a day or two. The search for the heroine of Heropanti is definitely over.\"Added the source, \"Tamannah did not take long to say 'yes'. She knows Sajid is a sensible producer who knows his job. Also, she has full faith in Sabir's directorial abilities.\" Heropanti, a love story set in North India, is expected to go on goes on floors by end of 2012.(Inputs by Prachi Kadam)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16960635", "title": "When it rains, Adambakkam makes do without power", "text": "CHENNAI: Every time it rains , staff at the electricity sub-station in Adambakkam suspend power to surrounding areas, mainly those off Medavakkam Main Road and Thillai Ganga Nagar. Because, they say, there are several overhead electric wires in the area that can snap and pose a threat to residents if power supply is continued.Subramaniam, 60, who has lived in the area for a decade, says, \"on many occasions live wires have snapped. Luckily, there were no accidents as power electricity was switched off. TNEB promised to replace the wires with underground cables but nothing has happened.\"Others, including shop-keepers, say their business is affected when electricity is cut. \"There are times when there is low voltage for days together after a spell of rain. Repeated complaints have fallen on deaf ears. Even regular maintenance work has not been done for more than a year,\" says V Perumal, a grocer.Tamil Nadu Electricity Board officials say the monthly maintenance work is not compulsory and was put off due to unavoidable reasons. \"The conversion of overhead wires into underground cables has not begun due to financial constraints. It will be done soon in a phased manner,\" says one official.Other officials say that in most areas, including KK Nagar, Ashok Nagar, Guindy, Alandur and Koyambedu, there are underground power cables and there is no problem of wires snapping during rains. \"In Adambakkam, there are many overhead wires which can snap during rains. The solution is to replace overhead wires with underground cables or have both in a 25:75 ratio,\" says a senior official. Adambakkam, one of the fastest-growing areas in the city, is very close to the St Thomas Mount railway station on the Chennai Beach-Tambaram suburban line and is to be linked to the MRTS and metro rail networks. However, it remains neglected by the authorities, allege residents. Narrow roads, traffic snarls and encroachment by vendors is a serious problem, they say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965910", "title": "Karthikeyan criticizes amendment, calls it unconstitutional", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The new Devaswom Board ordinance is creating a controversy within the UDF as the Speaker has made it clear that the constitutional rights of an MLA cannot be denied through an ordinance.The new ordinance stipulates that only the Hindu MLAs who have taken oath in the name of God will have the right to elect the devaswom board members.The MLAs who have taken the 'solemn oath' will be deprived of their voting rights. However, the government has made it clear that these MLAs will have to submit affidavits stating they are believers to vote.When asked whether the government can bring out such an ordinance restricting the powers of MLAs, Speaker G Karthikeyan said, \"the constitutional rights of an MLA cannot be restricted or denied through an ordinance.\" However, he was not ready to comment on the new Devaswom Board ordinance.\"The ordinance will be discussed in the Assembly since all ordinances have to come before the House if it has to be made into a law. I am not ready to comment on the legal sanctity of the said ordinance,\" said the Speaker. The Assembly has the responsibility to pass the ordinances and it is the government which decides the priority of the ordinances to be taken up before the House for discussions, he added.Meanwhile, the said ordinance has started triggering a controversy within the Congress.Chief minister Oommen Chandy has now said that the government would seriously consider the representation of women members in the board. \"If the ordinance is anti-constitutional then it would not stand legally,\" said Chandy on the criticisms levelled against the ordinance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960062", "title": "\u2018Zero tolerance needed to deal with such cases\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Convicting Jitender Mohla for creating a mid-air hijack scare on board a Goa-Delhi Indigo flight in 2009, the trial court has said that \"zero tolerance\" was required to deal with such offences on flights.The judge said every person on board a flight should observe certain \"standards of behaviour\" according to the norms laid down by International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and DGCA as India is a signatory to Montreal Convention.\"Any breach of rule will result in endangering of the aircraft as well as the (lives of) passengers on board. Therefore, what is required is zero tolerance on board,\" the judge said.Stressing that offences committed on board needed \"special attention\", the court said special laws had been enacted all around the world \"to promote safe and orderly development of civil aviation\".Tracing the history of development of aviation laws, the court said, \"The question of a national airspace first arose when balloons were used during the Franco-Prussian war in 1870-71...thereafter, ICAO was created in 1944 to promote safe and orderly development of international civil aviation throughout the world. It has set the standard and regulations necessary for aviation safety, security, efficiency and regularity.\"The court added that the act of the accused could have put the lives of 160 passengers, who were on board, in danger.\"The passengers are supposed to maintain the required standards (of) behaviour while on board, and if any part of the system fails to maintain the required standards, the situation of insecurity qua the passengers as well as aircraft arises,\" it said.The court also noted that the pilot's act of asking for the discrete frequency at the time of the incident was evidence enough that \"what was required to maintain zero tolerance in the aircraft, during the flight on board, was not in existence\".Stressing that offences committed on board needed \"special attention\", the court said special laws had been enacted all around the world \"to promote safe and orderly development of civil aviation\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16960556", "title": "Pre-Diwali festival at Epicentre begins today", "text": "GURGAON: It's that time of the year when festivities and celebrations don't seem to stop. In keeping with the seasonal spirit the Epicentre will be organizing a three-day pre-Diwali fest for Gurgaon's residents, beginning Friday. And according to the organizers it will be a 'one stop destination' for all your cultural cravings.\"The event will showcase handicraft from all over the country. We have lined up the best in the country's diverse cuisine. And to top it all, there will be theater and other performances every evening,\" said a representative.Members of the well-known Charkula Arts Academy from Mathura will be putting up a show based on the Ramayana at the event. \"The show will be a blend of theater, music and dance. The performances are inspired by the traditional folk form and the usual dramatic narrative,\" she said.This year's 'Diwali Mela' is the third edition of the annual event organized here before the festival. \"We are expecting to get anything between 5,000 to 7,000 people in the three-day span,\" the representative added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16963325", "title": "BBMP to dump at Mavallipura again, villagers furious", "text": "BANGALORE: The BBMP on Thursday announced that it would resume dumping of garbage at the Mavallipura landfill, off Doddaballapur main road, even as villagers said they would resort to all means, including agitation and legal recourse, to prevent it.Confirming the BBMP's plans, the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) said it had granted \"conditional permission\" to BBMP to dump for three months \"segregated and filtered\" wet waste at the Mavallipura landfill.Sources in the BBMP said dumping of garbage at Mavallipura would begin on Friday, if all goes well.The BBMP had announced on August 29 that the Mavallipura landfill would be closed, in the wake of a KSPCB directive and locals' protest.Vaman Acharya, chairman, KSPCB, told TOI: \"BBMP had applied for permission to dump Bangalore's garbage in Mavallipura last week. Our committee asked them to follow certain conditions. If they abide by these conditions, they will be allowed to dump garbage at Mavallipura for the next three months. BBMP will first have to segregate wet waste, filter it and only the residue left after filtration will have to be dumped,\" he added.The decision was taken after Yelahanka MLA SR Vishwanath, in whose constituency Mavallipura falls, met KSPCB authorities last week.\"KSPCB agreed to give temporary permission if we follow the conditions set by it. We are ready to abide by the directives,\" said mayor D Venkatesh Murthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16964065", "title": "Two cases of fratricide reported", "text": "VARANASI: In two cases of fratricide in the region, while a man slit the throat of his father in Mirzapur, two brothers killed their father in a property dispute in Mau.According to reports, Vijay Shankar Chaubey (55) lived in his paternal house at Gogaon village under Jigna police station in Mirzapur along with his wife, youngest son Rakesh and his wife. His two other sons were settled elsewhere. On October 8, Rakesh allegedly slit the throat of his father and buried his body in a deep ditch located behind his house. He had threatened his mother not to tell anyone about the incident or else he would murder her.When the villagers experienced foul smell near the house of Rakesh, they questioned him about its source. Rakesh, who was evasive in reply, put some cow-dung in the ditch to divert their attention. But when the smell spread in other parts of the village, the villagers informed the matter to the police on Thursday. Till then the mystery was over as his mother informed them about the act of her son.On getting the information, SP Mirzapur S C Pandey and several other senior officials reached the incident site. Police asked Rakesh to dig out the body of his father. After the body was recovered, Rakesh was arrested and the body sent for postmortem. During investigation, it came to light that Rakesh suspected that his father had illicit relation with his wife.In Nurulpur village under Madhuban PS in Mau, a 70-year-old man, Ram Adhar, was allegedly axed to death by his sons Achhelal and Satya Prakash on Wednesday night. According to reports, Achhelal and his brother Satyaprakash were incensed with their father as he had sold some land without their consent. When they asked their father about the sale, he did not give any satisfactory reply to them after which they killed him. Police arrested both the brothers and also recovered the sharp-edged weapon used in the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960140", "title": "Congress for \u2018maha rally\u2019, Sheila Dikshit tells retinue to get people", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress is banking on the introduction of FDI in multi-brand retail to outgun its rivals, critics and the civil society, who have gone hammer and tongs after the party due to the countless scams and allegations of corruption by its leaders. The party intends to put up a show of strength at a 'Maha Rally' at Ramlila Maidan on November 4, which will be addressed by party president Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.Chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Thursday held a meeting at her residence to fast-track preparations and directed all her ministers, MLAs, councillors and other party members to gather supporters and to make the rally a platform to set the tone for the 2013 Assembly polls and the 2014 General Election.The All-India Congress Committee is overseeing the planning for the rally. While both Dikshit and Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee president J P Agarwal are on the job, the state party chief was missing from Thursday's meeting.Agarwal's absence revived memories of the differences between him and the CM on various issues in the past like the MCD split.Also missing from the meeting were Union ministers Ajay Maken, Kapil Sibal and Krishna Tirath. But a few other MPs such as Dikshit's son and east Delhi MP Sandeep Dikshit, west Delhi MP Mahabal Mishra and south Delhi MP Ramesh Kumar, were present.CM's parliamentary secretary Mukesh Sharma said that at least one lakh supporters will be brought in to Ramlila Maidan.\"An estimated 2,000 buses will be used to ferry supporters from across Delhi. This is a test for all elected representatives, and the CM has asked everyone to do his/her best to make the rally a success. Corner meetings will be organized across the city by Congress leaders to garner support for the rally and they will be informed about the issues that will be raised at Ramlila Maidan,\" Sharma said.According to Sharma, with each MLA given the task to get at least 2,500 supporters from their assembly segment, the CM is now busy forming various committees that will take care of the arrangements for the rally. So, there will be committees to take care of reception, food, transport, media and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960319", "title": "Dodgy business practices dent Gadkari\u2019s caring persona", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a concession to political correctness, BJP president Nitin Gadkari chooses to describe himself as a \"social entrepreneur\", an adequately public-minded and benign persona that is nonetheless gilded by a hint of prosperity and comfort.There is nothing apologetic about Gadkari's manner as he explains his success in the power and sugar business, taking pride in detailing the collateral benefits of the enterprises. Being a man of means is a virtue; it frees the businessman-politician of the need to seek \u2014 and return \u2014 favors.Aware that wealth creation is laudable as a mantra and politics demands a degree of humility, the BJP chief presents a caring visage. Being benefactor to a benevolent merger of private capital and cooperative management that delivers quality sugarcane seeds to farmers is just the right foil.But now the wealth-sharing, straight-talking, rough and ready image has been rudely interrupted. The Nagpur boy who could cut to the quick and offers a change from city slickers, the politician now finds himself hemmed in by cascading allegations of dodgy business practices.Barely had he tip-toed over an India Against Corruption (IAC) IED alleging an irregular land allotment, Gadkari finds himself battling a welter of media reports that the Purti Group he founded drew funds from firms with unverified or incorrect addresses with his employees doubling up as directors.The revelations set off shockwaves in BJP as cadres struggle to reconcile the progressive innovator with far less palatable careless and brash businessman whose short cuts could render him vulnerable to a tax investigation. \"How will we face Parliament's winter session?\" asked a party MP.Another BJP MP wondered how dummy investors can be explained. Gadkari's self-confident projection masked a certain recklessness. \"Arguments that a decision can be put off till the end of his term in December do not take ground realities into account,\" the MP noted.BJP rank and file is drawing its lessons from the unenthusiastic support offered by seniors like L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley . Gadkari's colleagues have unsubtly suggested that he might cut his losses even as they applaud his offer to face a probe as bold and honest.Seen as a Rashtriya Swayamsewak Sangh (RSS) protege, the organization finds it hard to disown him. The RSS fears immediate action will mean admission of guilt and raise questions over its choice of Gadkari as an instrument to micro manage BJP. Yet, BJP insiders don't set much store by RSS' support. RSS is hardly above distancing itself from an embarrassment, invoking cliches like \"this is an internal matter of BJP\". The sudden acknowledgement of BJP's \"independence\" fools few.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16960795", "title": "Husband-wife \u2018honey trap\u2019 robbers arrested for fraud", "text": "NOIDA: A woman along with her \"husband\" was arrested in Noida for allegedly luring men into a honey trap so they could be held to ransom and robbed by her fellow gang members. Police on Thursday busted the \"husband and wife\" gang after a resident of East Delhi filed a complaint that he was robbed on Wednesday.Cops said the couple claimed to be doctors and their modus operandi was to snare unsuspecting men by first connecting with them on social networking sites. Several high-profile individuals from Noida, Ghaziabad and Delhi, including officials from the ministry of home affairs and Ghaziabad electricity department, have fallen prey to the duo's trap, police said.The woman, who is in her 20's and identified as Shabana Rehman, would invite victims to a restaurant in a leading mall of Noida where they would be joined by the husband, Shah Rizwan, who claims to be an MBA. The accused then used several ruses to trap the victim. Some were promised a loan, while others were ensured a 'good time'. Another victim also alleged that he was hypnotized. His ATM card was then used to withdraw cash and purchase jewellery.Police said they had been receiving frequent complaints about the couple's criminal activities. \"At least 6-7 similar cases came to light after which we decided to set a trap for the accused couple,\" said GP Yadav, station officer of Sector 39 police station. \"Taking the owners of the restaurant and jewellery shop into confidence, we activated the CCTV cameras in the two locations to watch out for the accused,\" a police officer said.On Wednesday, the cops got a tip-off from the restaurant after the woman was spotted there by the waiters. \"A police team apprehended the couple there,\" he said.A case under Sections 420 and 406 of the IPC has been registered against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964185", "title": "Panch Adhyay is for my mom: Dia", "text": "Actress Dia Mirza , who made her Bollywood debut with 2001 release 'Rehna Hai Tere Dil Mein', has dedicated her first Bengali film 'Paanch Adhyay' to her mother.\"It is my first Bengali and my first regional film ever. I dedicate this to my mother, who is a Bengali. She is turning 60 this year and it was a very special moment for me when she saw the movie and said 'this is the best birthday gift you could have ever given me',\" Dia said.Paanch Adhyay is film critic turned director Pratim Das Gupta's first film. It is the story of love found and lost in the lives of a contemporary Indian couple, told in moments of past and present.Talking about her role in the film the 30-year-old actress said, \"My character Ishita is not serious but is a very mature woman. Something which I have not played earlier. It is diametrically opposite to the kind of roles I have played till now.\"The cast of the film includes actors Priyanshu Chatterjee, Soumitra Chatterjee and Sampurna Lahiri.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959350", "title": "Aug 11 murder charges may be dropped", "text": "MUMBAI: In an interesting development, the Mumbai crime branch, currently probing the August 11 Azad Maidan violence, has now concluded that none of the 62 suspects arrested so far were involved in the murder of the two men who died during the riots. Sources said the two victims were probably killed in the police firing.\"We are waiting for reports from the Forensic Science Laboratory and ballistic experts. We had applied IPC Section 302 in this case as there were bullet injuries on the two bodies but no bullets were found. The bullets may have actually pierced through their bodies and may have been fired by a police officer,\" said a senior official.Sources said that the police will be dropping the Section 302 charges while filing the chargesheet in court. Several senior community leaders have met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister RR Patil, complaining about the arrest of some \"innocents\" and the invoking of murder charges despite \"the victims dying in police firing\". They also alleged that cops were trying to frame some community leaders for provocative speeches despite the fact that the riots broke out due to some mischievous youths and not community leaders.Justifying their stand, cops said they had initially applied murder charges as there were no bullets recovered and that three to four police weapons, including two SLRs, were found missing after the violence. Also, a country-made revolver was found on the road and some suspects were seen in the CCTV footage running away with police weapons. \"We may drop the murder charges when we file the chargesheet,\" said additional commissioner of police Niket Kaushik.He added that at the time of framing charges, the police will segregate the accused as per the section to be applied. For example, those who are involved in arson will be booked for damages and those involved in molesting cops will be charged only for molestation and not arson, police said.Cops have already gathered printouts of records from the cellphone of Yusuf Ahmed Khan, a Myanmar national who allegedly spoke to some Mumbaikars about alleged atrocities on minorities. Khan, an illegal immigrant living in Behrampada, was arrested on Sunday. He is a disciple of Maulana Nyamatullah Noori, one of the 17 community leaders at Azad Maidan on August 11.Two persons were killed and 63 persons, mostly policemen, injured in the August 11 violence. Nine woman cops has complained of molestation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "actor and director revathi launched author rajiv g menon's book 'thundergod", "code": "16963199", "title": "Revathi launches Rajiv Menon's book", "text": "Actor and director Revathi launched author Rajiv G Menon's book 'Thundergod: The Ascendance of Indra' in Mumbai recently.VJ Nikhil Chinappa and actor Purab Kohli were seen in a scintillating conversation with author regarding his popular fiction book at Aurus, Juhu. Gul Panag , Aditi Rao Hydari, Sandhya Mridul, Cyrus Sahukar, Shonali Nagrani and many more were seen enjoying the launch.Before setting out on a writing career, Rajiv G. Menon was an actor, occasional screenwriter, traveler and beach bum. A voracious reader since childhood, he was fascinated by stories and characters from Indian, Greek and Norse Mythology. Thundergod was born as a result of that fascination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16962754", "title": "Noted educationist Dhirendra Kumar Samantaray dies", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Dhirendra Kumar Samantaray, former registrar and controller of examination of Utkal University, died of cardiac arrest at his Bhubaneswar residence recently. He was 78.Samantaray, a much-acclaimed teacher of English, taught at many colleges and was also the principal of Banki College and Kendrapara College for 11 years. He retired after officiating as the director of aided non-government colleges in the state in 1994.He was appointed member of the advisory committee of the state government on higher education from 1996-98 and nominated to the 7th educational research and innovation committee affiliated to the NCERT, Delhi, for three years from 1998. He was a member of the syndicate of Utkal University for six years from 1975 to 1981. The state government had also appointed Samantaray a member of the state coordination committee on communal harmony from 2002-08.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959020", "title": "South Mumbai must brace for a rise in power bill in 4 years", "text": "MUMBAI: Around 10 lakh power consumers in south Mumbai is likely to face a rise in tariff, with the BEST proposing to increase the average cost of electricity supply by 13% to 19% on the current Rs 8.91 per unit in the next four years.Allaying fears of another increase in power bills, BEST general manager Omprakash Gupta, however, said though a certain rise in the average cost of supply had been suggested for the next four years, the bill would not go up abnormally high for the different categories of consumers, especially the more than 9 lakh residential consumers.The business plan proposed by the BEST, which supplies power to south Mumbai, suggests that in an optimistic scenario, the rise would be around 13% and in the pessimistic scenario, about 19%. The plan has been proposed according to the multi-year-tariff structure as mandated by the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC). Based on the business plan tabled on Thursday, the regulatory body will take the final decision on BEST's yearly tariff proposals. The BEST's annual tariff hikes may even be higher than that proposed figures, considering the current trend in rise in costs of fuel\u2014coal and oil\u2014which constitute nearly 90% of the cost of generation and supply business, making it a deciding factor on tariff calculation.Against the existing Rs 8.19 per unit charged as the average cost of supply, the BEST's projections in the pessimistic scenario peg the amount at Rs 11.01 per unit in 2013, Rs 11.72 per unit in 2014, Rs 10.41 per unit in 2015 and Rs 9.31 per unit in 2016. This translates into an average rise of around 19% between 2013 and 2016 for consumers. Similarly, for the optimistic scenario, the BEST has proposed to peg the average cost at Rs 10.69 per unit for 2013, Rs 11.08 per unit for 2014, Rs 9.73 per unit for 2015 and Rs 8.77 per unit for 2016. That translates into an average 13% rise.According to expert Ashok Pendse, the BEST's power tariff has been rising constantly as its annual losses in its transport business have been coming to around Rs 400 crore to 450 crore for past three years. And, he added, BEST's main power supplier, Tata Power , had been generating electricity with oil instead of cheaper coal. \"Unless these things are tackled, BEST's tariff won't come down. In fact, BEST should now think of buying power from outside that comes at a cheaper rate. Bur for that, the undertaking will have to overcome transmission hurdles,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16961073", "title": "Jeevan, Purav to clash in semifinals", "text": "MUMBAI: India's sixth seed Jeevan Nedunchezhiyan produced a solid performance to send second seed Christopher Rungkat of Indonesia tumbling out in the quarterfinal round of the CCI-TF Men's US $15,000 Tennis Tournament 2012, at the CCI Courts, Churchgate on Thursday.Jeevan, who won the National championship in New Delhi two weeks ago, was in a dominant mood and cut his higher ranked opponent Rungkat down to size. The Indian produced some solid winners to script a 7-6 (3), 6-2 victory to book a place in the semifinal against another Indian Purav Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965010", "title": "An open letter to Indra Nooyi, PepsiCo chairman and CEO", "text": "Dear Ms NooyiThis letter is a gentle reminder of a promise you made in the March of 2010 through a public announcement that your esteemed company , PepsiCo, is voluntarily adopting a new global policy by stopping sales of full-sugar soft drinks to primary and secondary schools by 2012. I believe when you planned this policy, you meant 2012 and not 2013 for we are about to Enter the New Year In a couple of months and to our utter disappointment, you haven't fulfilled your promise till date.Today, when junk food and sugar-loaded soft drinks are being shunned and banned in the schools globally to prevent our children from poor health and obesity, ma'am, I would have really appreciated your contribution as a savior towards this epidemic \"Obesogenic\" situation. The campaign to make schools \"junk-free\" is catching fire all over the world. Activists, doctors, media and a lot of celebrity chefs have immensely criticized sportsmen and celebrities like filmstars for endorsing junk food and colas. Their involvement with such brands has an inevitable and severe impact on kids, who wish to be like them and follow their heroes blindly.Don't you feel the heat of the situation? Don't the harmful effects of junk food horrify you? India being the \"Diabetes Capital of the World\" and cancer being the second terrifying disease engulfing Indians don't bother you? Are you ready to be a part of this mayhem? Wouldn't you like to contribute towards helping this situation for the sake of the children, our children, your children? I feel that with timely fulfillment of your promise, PepsiCo could have emerged as exemplary for promoting healthy food and disease-free life among kids.Although we have made sure that no school shall be selling unhealthy or junk food and colas across India based on Public Interest Litigation filed by us in the Delhi High Court against consumption of Junk Food in Schools. And you will be happy to note that the Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has already started the work for framing guidelines to make available quality and safe food at schools across the country by March of 2013, but we still feel that you should fulfill your promise and make a graceful exit from schools.According to the reply filed by FSSAI in the Hon'ble Delhi High Court that there are more than 8 lakh primary and upper primary schools spread all over the country, imparting education to more than 12 crore children and we strongly believe that all these children will have access to healthy and nutritious food along with a happy future.Ma'am, I understand that PepsiCo is one of the largest manufacturers of beverages and snacks globally. And I appreciate the fact that PepsiCo has also dedicated itself for offering a broad array of choices for healthy, convenient and nourishment, reducing our environmental impact, but I am surprised with the delay about the commitment made by you publicly as till date there is no news of stopping sales of full-sugar soft drinks to primary and secondary schools anywhere in India.These were your words that you have long advocated for school settings to be made as conducive as possible to promoting good health among students, and you have programs under way with school authorities in several countries to do that. This includes restoring or expanding physical education and promoting nutritional education. This global policy will definitely serve as an important part of that mission, by expanding our offerings of low-calorie and nutritious beverages but, ma'am, I am sorry to say that none of these statements impress us as a majority of common citizens like me believe in actions over speeches and unfulfilled commitments.Obesity is a health epidemic not only across our country but globally and we have a responsibility as individuals and as society to do whatever we can to promote good nutrition and healthy eating habits so that we can reverse this alarming trend. A study conducted by the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), New Delhi, among children in the age group of 14-18 found 17% of children to be obese or overweight. A similar study by Fortis Hospital, Delhi, found that 28% of school kids in the city are obese, whereas a research in urban areas of southern India revealed 21% of boys and 18% of girls between 13 and 18 years, to be obese.School canteens have a social responsibility towards the health and growth of children, and in inculcating healthy eating. They could be used as places to motivate children to consume healthy and hygienic food. However, it really saddens me that through massive billion-dollar advertising campaigns, corporates have laid claim to children's imagination and virtually insinuated themselves into every corner of children's lives. Today, children eat food designed for the health of corporate balance sheets rather than their own health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16959156", "title": "A dark Dussehra for Rajat Gupta: Sentence plunges family into gloom", "text": "WASHINGTON: It will be a dark, despair-filled Dussehra and Diwali for Rajat Gupta and his family after the Indian-American icon and Wall Street titan was sentenced to two years in prison and ordered to pay a fine of $5 million.Gupta was convicted of insider trading in a case prosecuted by another Indian-American, New York Southern District attorney Preet Bharara. The verdict was announced at around 1.45am IST on Thursday and the news appeared in several copies of The Times of India.Gupta will begin serving his sentence after the holiday season on January 8, when he is required to report to prison, but the intervening puja festivities cannot be too joyful for a family that prized integrity and honour even amid great success. That the sentencing came on Vijayadashmi, a day symbolizing victory of good over the forces of evil, was all the more excruciating. Gupta had surrendered to the FBI on Diwali last year.It was evident in the pained faces and tortured words of the family, according to accounts from the courtroom.Gupta's wife of 39 years, Anita Gupta nee Mattoo, his IIT junior by two years, hid her tear-stained eyes behind dark glasses, and his four daughters, Geetanjali, Megha, Aditi, and Deepali, wept through the proceedings.Aditi, who like her father went to Harvard Business School , recounted how she suffered on campus because of her father's legal troubles and movingly spoke of trying to maintain her composure in a class of 90 students as Preet Bharara \"arrived to speak in one of my first year classes\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16965133", "title": "Assam govt facing problems in BTAD rehabilitation process", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state government is facing a big challenge in rehabilitating the victims of the ethnic violence in Bodoland Territorial Area District (BTAD) as a large number of people without land documents were displaced during the conflict. The recent violence in Bilasipara area of Dhubri district has made the task even more complicated.According to the government, of the 1,42,672-odd people living in relief camps, about 42,000 do not possess any land documents. About 19,675 families possess land documents and their rehabilitation process is on, the government informed.The recent violence in Bilasipara indicated that even rehabilitation of families with land documents is fraught with complications. The inmates of a relief camp at a government school in Bilasipara recently clashed with security forces when the district administration was trying to rehabilitate those with land documents.The inmates demanded that all the people currently residing in the relief camp should be taken back to their original villages in BTAD as rehabilitating just the people having land documents would not ensure their safety. In the scuffle that ensued, a police officer was injured, compelling the administration to clamp curfew in the area for about an hour.Although the situation became normal later, anxiety prevailed among camp inmates as the rehabilitation process is getting delayed. On the other hand, the authorities of schools where the inmates were still lodged are also becoming restive as classes can't be held properly until the process is over.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi recently said that the state government needs to explore alternatives to resettle those who don't have any land documents but were displaced from BTAD in the violence. Gogoi asserted that no genuine Indian citizens displaced in the violence should be left out of the rehabilitation process.The All Assam Minority Students Union (Aamsu) has demanded that all the inmates, irrespective of whether they possess of land documents or not, should be taken back to BTAD. \"The government should bring all the inmates to BTAD first and accommodate them in temporary camps. After that they should start rehabilitation based on land papers and other valid documents. Prolonging the stay of inmates in relief camps outside the BTAD will further complicate the rehabilitation process,\" Aamsu adviser Abdul Aziz said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16962913", "title": "Armed youths snatch cash bag", "text": "NAGPUR: Armed youths made away with a bag containing Rs1 lakh from a trader at Surya Nagar in Dhoble Layout in Kalamna police station area, on Thursday.Ajay Bhanojia with his brother had just come out of the car and were about to pick the bag from the dickey when the youths came waving a sword and fled with the bag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16961386", "title": "High court refuses to stay interviews for appointing conductors in Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation", "text": "MADURAI: The Madras high court bench in Madurai on Thursday refused to grant stay of the interview process appointing conductors to the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC), Tirunelveli division.P Pandyrajan of Anthony Nagar in Ambasamudram taluk in Tirunelveli district filed a writ petition against the general manager of TNSTC (Tirunelveli) Ltd seeking stay on interviews to appoint conductors. The petition came up for admission before Justice M Duraiswamy on Thursday. In his petition, the petitioner contended that TNSTC has been taking steps to fulfil the vacancies in the posts of conductors and technicians. Meanwhile, he, who is of 36 years and many others, had filed a case before the Madurai bench separately, seeking age relaxation, as per GO 98 of the Tamil Nadu government to get a job in the transport corporation.Appearing for the petitioner, advocate M Ponniah told the court that earlier a single judge after hearing the various writ petitions, quashed the entire proceedings of the TNSTC and directing it to issue a fresh notification as per the guidelines given by the Supreme Court. The judge had also held that the petitioner and other petitioners are entitled for age relaxation of five years in the present selection.\"Aggrieved by the single judge's order, the transport corporation filed an appeal before the Madurai bench, which by staying the single judge order adjourned the matter to November 22 for filing of counter affidavit. Now, TNSTC (Tirunelveli) conducts interview to appoint conductors. Hence, the act of the transport corporation should be stayed until the disposal of writ appeal,\" Ponniah urged.In his submission, K Sathiya Singh, counsel for TNSTC told the court that there is already a dearth of conductors and so in order to avoid immobilization of the buses, a notification was issued calling the list of candidates from the employment exchange to fill up the 135 posts of conductors.The transport corporation has adopted the common service rules while making appointments. As per the Rule 11(4), the upper age limits for OC, BC and SC/ST have been fixed as 30, 35 and 40 years respectively. The petitioner is age barred. Besides, the Government GO 98 came to an end on July 16, 2011. Further, the government alone is competent to give age relaxation and the transport corporation does not have the power to give age relaxation, the counsel contended.After hearing both the sides, Justice Duraiswamy refused to grant interim stay on interviews. However, he ordered notice to TNSTC to file its counter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16961337", "title": "Madurai corporation promises infrastructural boost", "text": "MADURAI: After one year of governing the Madurai city corporation, the AIADMK is looking to complete various works relating to basic infrastructure in newly annexed areas shortly. A Detailed Project Report (DPR) is being prepared for the purpose.Addressing the media, mayor V V Rajan Chellappa said the party which assumed office after 15 years had been working to rectify \"administrative malfunctions\" caused by the DMK which had governed the body for three terms.\"We have been working hard to straighten the administration of the civic body and in the process various development works have come to a standstill. We will take our efforts further soon,\" he said. Giving special thrust to recently annexed parts, Chellappa said the corporation was working to provide state-of-the-art facilities on drinking water, drainage and Under Ground Drainage (UGD) for sewage removal.\"An agency has been handed the work of carrying out the DPR. After the report is submitted, the corporation will take up works,\" he said. The corporation was working on another DPR on joint drinking water project to cater to the newly added corporation areas. \"At present, the corporation has established 374 temporary tanks in these areas and 13 trucks are supplying drinking water. Recently, 10 more trucks have been pressed into service. The corporation has also set aside Rs 85 lakh for drinking water facilities in these areas. The workers and vehicles required for these areas have been deployed on contract basis and the required infrastructure works in these areas will be undertaken considering the financial status of the corporation. Under the Tamil Nadu Urban Road Infrastructure Development Fund (TURIF), Rs 24.05 crore has been set aside for road works in newly annexed areas, which will be completed in three months' time,\" the mayor said.Speaking about upcoming projects in the corporation, Chellappa said measures were taken to procure 50 trucks and 525 stainless bins for solid waste management at a cost of Rs 10 crore. Another Rs 19.05 crore has been received to establish streetlights in annexed areas. Tenders were called for construction of zonal offices in two places. Also, the corporation was taking up construction of sanitary complexes in 10 places and renovation of 13 public toilets. Tenders had been called for florescent street signs at a cost of Rs 3.79 crore and it will be completed by this year end, the mayor said. \"We are working on various projects in the corporation in a phased manner. All public amenities will be established in the corporation in coming years. The corporation is also taking measures to deploy required staff and streamline revenue generation by regulating revenue sources,\" he said. City corporation commissioner R Nandagopal was also present.Achievements of the civic bodyPlastic roads for 3.20 km at a cost of Rs 1.55 crore has been completed in nine places33 road works were completed for 22.13 km at a cost of Rs 4.05 croreUnder the Integrated Urban Development Scheme, road works for Rs 15 crore completed in the city limits and another Rs 19.15 crore sanctioned for streetlightsSeven differently-abled friendly toilets constructed for Rs 14 lakhResearch works being undertaken to store water in Meenakshi temple on permanent basisDPR for construction of subways and overbridges at a cost of Rs 40 crore submitted to government", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16960836", "title": "Maya lines up poll rallies in HP", "text": "SHIMLA: BSP supremo Mayawati will hit the campaign trail in Himachal Pradesh with two rallies at Mandi and Bilaspur on Friday. The party has planned six rallies over the next three days. And Mayawati will travel across the state on a chopper as she tries to swing the voters' mood in her favour.Apart from addressing the rallies at Mandi and Bilaspur on Friday, Mayawati would hold rallies at Jubbal in Shimla district and Nahan in Sirmaur district on October 27. Her whirlwhind tour would end on October 28 with two rallies planned at Kangra and Una.It is the \"social engineering\" slogan that the party is banking on to garner votes from all communities. In the 2007 assembly polls, Mayawati's party had opened its account by winning the Kangra seat, grabbing 7.26% of total votes polled.With voters tight-lipped and candidates cagey, every party in the fray is seeing an opportunity this time. Considering the fact that two main parties -- BJP and Congress -- having over two dozen rebels each in the poll arena, BSP is claiming to increase the tally of seats in the November 4 elections.In 2007 assembly election, BSP had fielded candidates on all 67 seats. Springing up a surprise, it even managed to capture the Kangra seat. However, later its winning candidate Sanjay Chaudhary joined the BJP.While in 2003 assembly polls, BSP had contested on 23 seats and was polled 21,469 votes which was just 0.70% of total votes polled. The party succeeded in expanding its vote base in the hill state in the 2007 election when it was polled 2,38,959 votes, which was 7.26% of total votes.\"In Himachal Pradesh, people no longer support the two party system and they are looking for a change. We are not only concentrating on our traditional vote banks comprising scheduled castes, tribes and other backward sections of the society, but have also tried to take along people from other sections of the society. We are implementing our social engineering formula in Himachal Pradesh assembly polls,\" said Narinder Kumar Kashyap, national general secretary of BSP and incharge for Himachal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958859", "title": "\u2018Dying\u2019 convict seeks pardon", "text": "MUMBAI: An 80-year-old women prisoner, on her deathbed in the Kolhapur central prison, has moved the Bombay high court seeking premature release so that she can spend her remaining days at home with her kin.Hausabai Koli, who was convicted for murdering her daughter-in-law, has spent over 17 years in jail, including remissions that she has got for good behaviour. A division bench of Justices Abhay Oka and Sadhna Jadhav has asked the state to bring it to the notice of the state governor K Sankarnarayanan, before whom Hausabai's application is pending.\"We are of the view that a grave urgency is involved in the petition considering the petitioner's age and her health condition,\" said the judges. Hausabai was charged with her daughter-in-law's death in October 1994. Six years later in October 2000, she was held guilty on charges of murder for dowry. According to jail authorities, she has spent around 11 years in prison and along with remissions (extra days credited for good behaviour) Hausabai has served a prison term of over 17 years. In his report, the prison's medical officer said she is \"bedridden and her condition is weak and poor due to old age and may die in a few days\".Advocate Arfan Sait, who was appointed by the HC's legal aid cell said under the state Prison Review of Sentence Rules, a medical officer can recommend early release from prisoner if he considers that a prisoner is in danger of death due to illness and his further stay may aggravate his condition. Additional public prosecutor Poornima Kantharia informed the court that Hausabai's plea was pending before the governor. The court has asked the authority to consider Hausabai's and another 90-year-old women prisoner's applications for early release expeditiously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16963120", "title": "Corporators pull up civic administration", "text": "PUNE: Rising dengue cases in the city caught the attention of elected representatives on Thursday who turned the guns on the civic administration for its 'non-serious' approach towards the illness.Corporators in the general body (GB) meeting claimed that the civic health department has not take any steps to curb the fever despite three deaths in the city.\"The civic administration headed by the municipal commissioner is not taking this issue seriously. They are tackling the fever on paper and not on the ground. It is a serious matter that the civic administration is not at all bothered about the fever that has already spread in the city,\" said Congress leader Arvind Shinde.Leader of the opposition and MNS corporator Vasant More said that despite repeated requests civic officials are not paying heed to the corporators. \"The civic health department is not at all serious about tackling the fever,\" he said.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said the civic administration will address the issue and will take all suggestions from the corporators.Leader of the House and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) corporator Subhash Jagtap said, \"The civic administration should realize the seriousness. Instead, the health department official has shown apathy. The civic administration should table a report on the dengue situation in the city.\"Corporators complained that the civic officials answer that they are short staffed and cannot perform their duties.\"The civic administration should immediately recruit staff and make budget provisions to tackle the menace,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965424", "title": "Prashanth joins Thuppakki", "text": "There is yet another addition to the star cast of Thuppakki. Malayalam actor Prasanth Nair has joined the star cast of AR Murugadoss' action entertainer in which Vijay is said to play a military officer from Mumbai. Prasanth has acted in many Malayalam films and television commercials prior to this offer. Murugadoss, who is quite impressed with Prashanth's performance, has decided to cast him in the Hindi version of Thuppakki too, which will be made with Akshay Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963113", "title": "Punjab film industry pays tribute to Jaspal Bhatti", "text": "Sudden demise of the social satirist, actor, writer, director and producer, the most famous Ulta-Pulta man of Indian cinema, has given biggest shock not only to his fans but also to the celebrities and his admirers from entertainment world. Following are the message sent by various celebs who paid their tribute to legendary Mr. Bhatti.Debi MakhsoosPuri (Poet/Lyricist/Singer) A poetic tribute Kinni Neki Kise Ne Kamai Yaad Rehndi Ae, Bande Pichon Bande Di Bhlayi Yaad Rehndi Ae, Maut Ziddi Zindagi nu Lai Jaandi Naal DEBI. Kiddan Kise ZIndagi Bitayi Yaad Rehndi AeRoshan Prince (Singer/Actor) An Another LOSS to Cinema World..!! RIP Jaspal Bhatti ji..!! you will always be in our hearts..!!Pavneet Birgi (Music Director) Its very sad to know about our respectful senior (Punjabi comedy king) Jaspal Bhatti Ji, is no more with us now. May god bless his soul.Jagmeet Bal (Director) Completely moved by the sudden demise of my dear friend Mr. Jaspal Bhatti - The man who served many smiles to all. Still can't forget the conversation I had with him last week. There was fun and life in every word he spoke. God bless his family.Gulzar Chahal (Actor) I am shocked with the news of sudden demise of Jaspal Bhatti Ji. Our whole team of Dil Tenu Karda A Pyar was in Jalandhar for the promotions but as a mark of respect to the legendary actor and social critic, we cancel all our promotions here in Jalandhar. Our heartfelt condolences are with Bhatti Family.RDB (International Band) Saddened to know about the death of the great comedian, Jaspal Bhatti. Why is God taking away all the nicest people? This has been a very tough year! May his soul rest in peace.Nindy Kaur (Singer) Saddened to know about the death of the great comedian, Jaspal Bhatti. Why is God taking away all the nicest people? This has been a very tough year! May his soul rest in peace.Razia Sukhbir (Actor) Our beloved comedy King Jaspal Bhatti Ji's sudden demise is a painful incident. May his soul rest in peace. May god give strength to his family.Baldev Gill (Film Writer) Our killer roads killed the voice of our lovable, respected and forever smiling human being. His heart was full with common man's pain. He has raised his voice against every policy made against common public. it is the news of great sorrow. Let's promise to follow his footsteps and remember his ideology.Jagtar Jaggi (Comedian) A big loss to everyone. May His Soul Rest In Peace..!Gurbir Grewal (Director) Why Almighty is giving shock after a shock? (I) Met him last month during the mixing of Saadi Wakhri Hai Shaan (SWHS) at Fiesta Studio, he was mixing Power Cut . How proudly he introduced me with Jasraj. Never thought I was meeting him for the last time. He called a day before SWHS release to wish me. On asking if he was releasing Power Cut on 19th October, he replied in his typical style ' Yaar 19 Nu te bada Ghallughara peya hai ' (There is already a big mess on 19th October), not realizing I was listening to him for the last time. One and only one who has given clean comedy with social comments. He was not just a comedian but a thinker who was well aware of his social responsibilities as a writer and film-maker. The void created by him shall never be filled up. We all join his family to share the grief and loss. We all must ensure Power Cut is a big hit, this is the only way to pay him our tribute.Jaswant Singh Rathore (Comedian) R.I.P to great cartoonist,comic actor,director and writer late Mr. Jaspal Singh Bhatti Ji. Salute to his ideology and his filmy career. RegardsBups Saggu (Singer) Some more sad news today regarding the loss of the legendary comedian Jaspal Bhatti. Your legacy will live on forever. Thank you for your great contribution to Punjabi Culture. R.I.P.Ranjit Singh Teji (Singer) Changa vai dosto allvida (Dear friends accept my last good bye), So sad Jaspal Bhatti ji is no more.Parmod Sharma Rana (Video Director) Sad to hear about Yash Chopra Ji and today about Jaspal Bhatti Ji They are no more with us, But you both will be always remembered for your awesome personalities.Kulbir (Singer) I am shocked with the news of sudden death of Jaspal Bhatti Ji, I though some on has played an ugly prank.oh my GOD!Mehsopuria (Singer) Sad to hear Punjabi comedian and actor Jaspal Bhatti has passed away. May God keep him in his adobe.Source: justpanjabi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16962777", "title": "Cuttack immersion a colourful affair", "text": "CUTTACK: The Millennium City bade an emotional farewell to the goddress as the idols were immersed in Kathajodi river on Thursday amid tight security.\"The immersion ceremony was carried out in a peaceful manner in the city,\" said S Praveen Kumar , DCP, Cuttack.Over 40 platoons of police personnel were deployed in the city to ensure a peaceful immersion ceremony. For the first time, commissionerate of police installed CCTV cameras at important areas of the city to monitor the proceedings.The processions took the customary route through Ranihat, Mangalabag, Buxi Bazaar, Gourishankar Park through Purighat to the Devigada. By evening, around 30 of the over 155 idols in the city were immersed, all roads leading to Devigada choked with revelers.Colourful processions accompanied the idols of Durga and Lord Shiva to the immersion venues. Heady drum beats and traditional musical bands added to the fervour as lakhs of people hit the streets to catch a glimpse of the spectacular immersion ceremony. Instead of modern musical bands, puja committees opted for traditional folk dance performances and traditional musical instruments to add sparkle to the procession. The roads lining the processions were converted into a virtual fair with people feasting, making merry and paying obeisance to the departing deity all at once.\"We have hired animal dance troupes from Ganjam and ghanta troupes from Jagatsinghpur to lend a traditional feel to the immersion procession,\" said Prafulla Sahoo, member of Khannagar puja committee.The immersion will continue on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964170", "title": "From hot-n-sexy, Randeep Hooda now turns cute", "text": "Ever since Heroine has released Randeep Hooda has got a new tag. The actor who was known for his hot and sexy image is being tagged as a cute guy by his female fans.\"Randeep has always been seen as a macho actor with roles that are in the range of police officer to underworld sharpshooter. But his new avatar as the lovable cricketer in Heroine has added to his fan following. And many girls have been writing in to his twitter account asking him to do more romantic leads\", says his spokesperson.Interestingly, while his next three films including Rensil Dsilva's next, Murder 3 and Shooter are all in the action genre, he is now being pursued by several producers to act in softer romantic roles.Will the rugged Randeep take the route less-traveled and make a foray into more romantic roles is to be seen in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16958700", "title": "Dharmana appears before CBI court again", "text": "HYDERABAD: R&B; minister Dharmana Prasada Rao appeared before the CBI court for the second time in the Vanpic episode of the Y S Jaganmohan Reddy assets case on Thursday. The court posted the case to November 8 for further hearing and the minister has to appear again on that date.The fate of the Dharmana's resignation is not yet known though the minister put in his papers immediately after the CBI named him as an accused in the Vanpic chargesheet on August 13, 2012. He was summoned by the court on September 25 and was allowed to go after taking personal bond and sureties from him. Dharmana was the revenue minister when the alleged irregularities in allotment of huge land to Vanpic project took place. Senior I AS officer M Samuel, who was also named an accused in the case, too appeared in the court.The other arrested accused in the case, including Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, who is accused No 1, former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana, bureaucrat K V Brahmananda Reddy, Nimmagadda Prasad were produced before the CBI court through a video conference. The other accused, who were out on bail in Jagan assets case, Emaar scam and illegal mining cases, V Vijay Sai Reddy , B P Acharya, Shravan Gupta, Vijaya Raghava too appeared in person in the court and all of them were asked to appear before the court again on November 8. The pleas filed by other accused IAS officers, Manmohan Singh , L V Subrahmanyam and Srilakshmi, seeking exemption from appearing in person for this hearing on various grounds were allowed by the court.ED summons Vijay Sai Reddy: Following a notice issued to him by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) to appear before it on October 29 in New Delhi, V Vijay Sai Reddy, Jagan's auditor, filed a petition in the CBI court and sought its permission to go to Delhi to enable him to appear before ED and also to look after the cases he is facing in the Supreme Court. The court posted the matter to October 26 for hearing.ACB, that is investigating cash-for-bail scam on Thursday, filed an additional chargesheet in the matter adding mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy as ninth accused in the case. This bail scam shook the judiciary and saw four district judges going behind the bars as prime accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "16961428", "title": "A unique Nangyarkoothu performance", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Sreekrishna Charitham Nangyarkoothu will be presented on public stage in its comprehensive form for the first time in Malabar this weekend.Except for being performed in a few temples, it has rarely been performed in the region.The organizers of the Nangyarkoothu are now planning to stage Sreekrishna Charitham, which depicts the life of Lord Krishna in 217 slokas, in 17 different parts during a period of one year.Renowned Nangyarkoothu artist Kalamandalam Sangeetha will perform this traditional classical art form of Kerala at the Njeralath Kalasramam, near Perinthalmanna in Malappuram. The first part will be staged this Saturday.The Koothu on Saturday will begin with 'Kalpalathikayude Purappadu', which depicts the tale of Kalpalathika, friend of Subadra. The second part, 'Kamsajananam', will be performed the next day. The remaining 15 parts will be presented on the same stage during the next one year.Renowned Idakka artiste Njeralath Harigovindan, who is also an organizer of the programme, said the event would be a memorable moment for the people of Valluvanadu as it would mark the revival of this art form in Malabar.Kalamandalam Ratheesh Bhas and Kalamandalam Manikandan will play the Mizhavu, and Kalanilayam Rajanin will play the Idakka.On each morning prior to the performance, special classes will be held on different Sankethas in Koodiyattam. Renowned Koodiyattam couple Kalamandalam V K K Hariharan and Usha Nangyar will inaugurate the event on October 27.Sangeetha, a native of Karikkadu, near Manjeri, said the performance was mainly aimed at promoting Nangyarkoothu and Koodiyattam in the Malabar region.\"Not many people in Malabar, especially north Malabar, are familiar with this traditional art form. This performance at a public venue would be the beginning of the effort to make this art form popular in Malabar,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "taki", "code": "16960234", "title": "Border security turns Bijoya bitter for many", "text": "TAKI: Though Bijoya Dashami is celebrated by exchanging greeting and sweets, it was a sad day for some who had gathered on either side of Icchamati on Wednesday, with hopes to meet their friends and relatives across the border.Unlike the last three years, the administration on both sides of the river border did not allow boats from Bangladesh or India to cross over and sail into the overseas country this time. \"I don't know if I can go to your land. They are not allowing a single boat to cross the river,\" a youth was heard shouting over the phone, several heart-shaped balloons clutched in his hand.Until now, every year on Bijoya Dashami, people from the two neighbouring countries used to assemble on Icchamati to exchange pleasantries and gift. Shyama Prasad Dutta, a city-based solicitor who had gone all the way to Taki to witness the splendid cross-border immersion ceremony, was heartbroken. to see hope fading away in the eyes of those gathered on the banks.\"It's sad that these people have been deprived of a re-union with their friends from across the border. But apart from the security threat to our nation, the huge infiltration every year on this day is also harming our population balance and economy ,\" he reasoned.However, no logic seemed to be pacifying enough for a 70-year-old mother who had come all the way to meet his son. She was accompanied by her grandson, holding a jar full of naru, which he had brought for his kaka.Every time the announcement - \"This year, boats will not be allowed to cross the international border. All the boats are requested to abide by the order of the administration\" - blared out the of the speakers, tears welled up in her eyes, as Tagore's \"Aaji Bangladesher Hridoy Hote Kakhon Aponi/ Tumi ei aporup rupe bahir hole janoni.../ Tomar duar aaji khule gechhe sonar mondire...\" playing in the background added to the cruel paradox. The Tagore tune was reverberating the riverside from the announcement podium. \"The announcement ' on the background of the Tagore tune\" is a paradox\" pointed out by Tannistha Guha Roy come from Salt lake with her husband, an amateur photographer. Agreeing to the cause of ground reality of Infiltration and security threat Mr. Roy said that people had missed a fabulous event which is a feast for eyes and mind as well.It was 4.15 in the afternoon. An old lady was standing amidst the crowd gathered by the river Ichhamati to witness the spectacular immersion ceremony of goddess Durga from both side of the international river border between India and Bangladesh at Taki, about 100 kms from Kolkata. The elderly woman in her seventies was trying to locate something among the crowded, mostly overcrowded boats floating on the other side of the border. She took her trembling hands close to her eyes and trying to look into the battery of Bangladeshi boats loaded with the Bangladeshi people and Durga idols sailing up to the middle of the Ichhamati. She was anxious. The little boy standing by her with a transparent bottle full of 'naru'( round shaped sweet made of coconut and molasses) was worried too. He asked to his grand mother , the old lady, \"thamma bela pore elo je, kaka asbe na!\" (grand mom, the day light is getting down, won't my uncle come this year!).Unlike last three years the administration from both sides of the river border did not allow the boats from Bangladesh or India to cross the border and sail into the overseas country this time. The dismal scene of influx of innumerous Bangladeshi people every year into Indian side on Bijoya dasahami was missing this time. On this occasion people from both countries across the border used to assemblein the Ichhamati to exchange pleasantries and gift . A youth might be in his teens was trying to connect someone on his mobile phone for a long time in vain. He then changed the sim card. He was holding a number of heart shaped red balloon in his hand. The youth was visibly unrest; he was trying to convince someone, \" I don't know if I can go to your land, this time they are not allowing a single boat to cross the river. You see the question of touching your land is almost impossible. Shyama Prasad Dutta a solicitor from Kolkata came to Taki to witness the splendid cross border immersion ceremony. He was also dissatisfied like thousands of people assembled by the both side of Ichhamti. The middle aged solicitor reflexed, \" We are deprived of the sweet thing of congregation of people from both countries but apart from the very chance of security threat to our nation, the huge infiltration held every year on this day is also harming our balance of population and economy\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965771", "title": "Sukirti Kandpal to feature in Gumrah", "text": "Off late, Sukirti Khandpal of Zee TV's Rab Se Sona Ishq fame made headlines with featuring in Life OK's Humne Li Hai Shappat. However, the latest update says that the actress is all set to feature in one of such spine chilling youth based show on Channel V.Yes, you guessed it right! It's none other than Gumrah-The end of Innocence . The show which focuses on Juvenile crime story will soon see its end by next month but before which the makers (Balaji Telefilms and The Lost Boy Productions) are leaving no stone unturned to make the show interesting.Hence, they have roped in Sukirti Khandpal to essay the protagonist for a particular episode. Sukirti will essay Tanvi, a college going girl. The story plot is about consequences of an open relationship.When contacted, Sukirti confirmed the news, \"Yes, I have already completed few days of my shoot. I liked the team work, especially the directors.\"Names such as Nishant Bhatt, Jayashree Venkataraman doing episodes for Gumrraaah are already out in the media.Keep reading this space for more updates!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16964022", "title": "Folk toys losing sheen, China toys take over", "text": "VARANASI: The traditional or folk toys prepared by local potters and artisans, which once upon a time witnessed brisk purchase in fairs and festivities of the city especially during Dussehra, Bharat Milap of Nati Imli and other major events of Ramleela, are not only losing interest over plastic and china toys but they were also found missing from the fairs this year.The beautifully carved clay masks, clay wares, colourful animals and birds, handmade drums, paper toys and string instrument of Iktara have now become a thing of the past. Chetan, a local who went to witness famous Dussehra of Chowkaghat area on Wednesday, did not find imitation musical instruments like the iktara, and drums etc which he used to look forward to buying at the fairs. To take stock of the situation, when TOI interacted with some toy-sellers during the Dussehra and Bharat Milap fairs, several facts surfaced. The creative lot of men and women, who were engaged in making splendid artefacts out of deformed clay, paper, and wood, are suffering immense loss ever since the China market came in business.\"Chinese products are cheap, long lasting and attract children due to their lustrous and glossy look. At the same time, there are plenty of varieties available in Chinese toys, which normal clay, and wooden toys cannot afford to offer,\" says Prahlad, a toy vendor at the famous Bharat Milap of Nati Imli.While the China market has taken maximum business of the local toy-sellers, the unavailability of clean and cheap clay and lack of interest among people leading to considerably less earning is causing difficulty for potters to arrange good stock of toys prior to the fairs.According to Dillu Chaudhary (70), a potter from Lohta area, most ponds of the city are either dumped or lying dry and the ponds which exist, have its clay crammed with filthy polythene bags and other plastic material. \"At some places, money is being charged to get the clay. As the business is already sagging, we face difficulty in affording the cost,\" shares Chaudhary who further stated that as compared to the past five years, the earning has decreased by 50 percent.Sunil, another potter from Sathwa village, was able to sell only 20 toys (fetching him Rs 160) out of a store of 120 toys that he brought with him. \"Some five to six years ago, toy-sellers used to earn Rs 1,000 daily in the fairs. Most of the toy-sellers are from Nai Basti, Jaitpura, Tulsi Kuan, Sathwa, Lohta, Hukulganj and they have been making toys for many generations and all the members of their families help in different difficult stages of making clay items.\"Linkage of toys with the fairs and festivity of the cityAccording to former faculty member of department of History of Arts at Banaras Hindu University (BHU), Prof Kamal Giri, \"the presence of numerous ponds and smooth clay of the river bed facilitated the presence of clay art since the very beginning making the city a centre of clay artisans but the ignorance among people is leading to the death of this art.\" Different works of clay were prepared for different occasions.The idols, parading sepoys, portrait of Tulsidas, Kabirdas, Prem Chand, and even the masks of Lord Hanumna and other characters of Ram Lila were made up of clays. Dillu Chaudhary, who has pottered clay wares and toys including idols of Gods and Goddess for festive seasons past 50 years, remembers how the clay work dominated the towns with beginning of Nag Panchami till Kartik Purnima.According to her, there are different clay sculptures for festivals including folk festivals of the city. The crude clay idols of Shiva Parvati during Haritalika Teej, Ganesh-Laxmi during Diwali, Gwalins (idols of women in villages selling butter and milk products), Bhadehar (a pot used during Bhaiyaduj), apple-shaped red coloured balls were used during Chhat Puja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16961409", "title": "Kerala needs entrepreneurship policy: Sam Pitroda", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala should come up with an entrepreneurship policy, said Sam Pitroda, chairman of the National Innovation Council. He was attending a session of the TiEcon Kerala conference in Kochi through video conferencing from Chicago.\"Local entrepreneurship has to be entertained to engage more young entrepreneurs with innovative ideas. We should tap IT, telecom, automotive and pharmaceutical sectors while using connectivity to get into more business,\" Pitroda said.\"Our old mindset has to be changed. Kerala needs more facilities in education, and entrepreneurs should respect failures, then only they can succeed. People should also try to come up with more indigenous projects. Apart from innovations at the bottom of the pyramid, education, health care and agriculture should be taken care of,\" Pitroda stated.\"The National Innovation Council has recommended the state government to create two knowledge cities where people can live and work at the same place,\" Pitroda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16964489", "title": "Boy killed after TV actor loses control over car during shooting of serial", "text": "HYDERABAD: A six-year-old boy was killed in a car accident during a television serial shoot here at the city outskirts on Friday.The mishap occurred when a Telugu television actor lost control over the vehicle while shooting and hit Satvik Reddy, killing the minor on the spot, Chandanagar Police said.\"Some people had gathered to watch the shoot. The actor lost control over the car and hit a road divider before hitting the victim who was watching the shoot,\" a police official said.Another girl, who was injured in the accident, has been admitted to a private hospital, police added.The actor was not identified and further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965640", "title": "Frames on life and times of a visionary", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Neeraja Ramankutty, granddaughter of former chief minister C Achuta Menon, seemed deeply moved by the huge collection of photographs of her grandfather. \"These photos tell me a lot about my grandfather, which I had not known before. It was surprising to see my parents' wedding invitation written by him,\" Neeraja said.She came along with her mother Meena Ramankutty to the VJT Hall on Thursday to watch the photo-cartoon exhibition 'Jeevitha Mudra' organized by C Achuta Menon Foundation as part of the birth centenary celebrations of Menon, who is considered one of the best chief ministers the state had.\"The photographs are well arranged in chronological order. I feel that I just took a short walk through my father-in-law's life. He was a great man. His honesty, incorruptibility and integrity of character have always been beyond question,\" said Meena. The photographs include 480 photos selected from the collection of Menon's family, friends, media and institutions he founded. \"Achuta Menon had found 42 institutions. All these institutions contributed photographs for the exhibition, some are from the party archive, some we took from his family members and some were given by EMS' daughter Radha,\" said secretary of C Achuta Menon Foundation Dr K Ramankutty.The exhibition chronicles the visionary statesman's life and activities and his contribution in moulding the socio-political history of Kerala. The photographs of Menon presenting the first budget of Kerala on June 7, 1957, prime minister Indira Gandhi serving tea to Menon and photos with AKG and EMS tell more about the iconic personality who was one of the chief architects of modern Kerala.\"These pictures remind me of all the political reformations happened in Kerala in the early 60's and 70's. The younger generation can learn a lot about the socio-political developments that took place in Kerala decades ago,\" said K P Damodaran, a visitor.The major highlight of this three-day photo-cartoon exhibition is the live political satire cartoons drawn by artist P V Krishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16961093", "title": "Indian loses online bid to buy Brazilian student\u2019s virginity", "text": "NEW YORK: A Japanese man fended off strong competition from an Indian to secure a date with a 20-year-old Brazilian student, who sold her virginity for a $780,000 after putting it up for online auction for \"charity\".Catarina Migliorini, sold her virginity to Natsu who won against a big-spender from India, Rudra Chatterjee and American bidders Jack Miller and Jack Right.The physical education student \u2014 who said she will use the cash to build homes for poverty-stricken families in her home state Santa Catarina\u2014 was the subject of 15 bids, the New York Daily News said.Migliorini's move sparked outrage across the globe as she revealed that she would be followed every step of the way by an Australian crew for a documentary film called 'Virgins Wanted' .\"I saw this as a business. I have the opportunity to travel , to be part of a movie and get a bonus with it,\" she said.The intercourse itself will not be filmed. Sex toys will be banned and a condom will be compulsory, with Migliorini saying she is ready to prove to any sceptic that she's a virgin. Natsu will be tested for sexually transmitted diseases prior to the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16962950", "title": "Two arrested for accepting bribe", "text": "PUNE: The State Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB), Pune on Thursday arrested a supervisor of a multipurpose squad of Pune Municipal Corporation and his associate for allegedly accepting Rs 10,000 as bribe from the residents of Malwadi in Hadapsar by threatening to take action against them.The arrested supervisor has been identified as Bharat Kundalik Thube (43) of Lohegaon and his associate Sahebrao Narayan Khutwad (36) of Phursungi. The complaint against them was lodged by Tushar Sudam Paigude with the Anti-Corruption Bureau.Speaking to TOI, the assistant police commissioner (ACB) Rajendra Galande said that the complainant's his relatives were suffering because of disruption of water supply in the last few months. \"They found the pipeline damaged and got it repaired from a private plumber,\" Galande said.When Thube, who is a supervisor of the multipurpose squad of PMC came to know about it, he threatened the residents to action against them, as they had done the work without the knowledge of the municipal corporation. \"Thube had demanded Rs 25,000 from them,\" Galande said.Paigude then approached Thube on behalf of his uncle and requested him not to take action. \"Later, Thube agreed to accept Rs 18,000 from Paigude's uncle,\" Galande said.Galande said after receiving the complaint, the ACB laid a trap at Hadapsar on Thursday and nabbed Thube and Khutwad while accepting Rs 10,000 from Paigude. Inspector Kanchan Jadhav is investigating further in to the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16958840", "title": "Save those early pearlies", "text": "BANGALORE: Soumya Sridhar has been paying visits to the dentist for over a month as one of the three upper front teeth of her little girl has developed decay. Incidentally, Soumya's daughter is only 16 months old.This is not a stray case. Tooth decay is affecting children less than three years old with alarming regularity. And there are many reasons for this - food products rich in sugar content, letting kids sleep overnight with milk bottles in their mouth and avoiding breast feeding.City paediatric dentists are getting over 10 such cases every week, which, they say, is alarming. Regretting that these cases are not identified by mothers in early phase, they warn that if unattended they can lead to serious dental issues in future.Dr C Jagadeesh, president, Indian Dental Association, Karnataka chapter, says, \"Dental cavities are seen in children as young as a year old. This is mainly because they are not taught how to brush teeth and how many times to do so in a day. Also, junk food and drinking sugary beverages can cause cavities. If ignored, this can result in the loss of permanent teeth at the age of 30-35 years.\"Dental care predates birth. As dentition begins when the child is still in the womb, expecting women need to have a nutritious and calcium rich diet. Once the child cuts teeth, the mother should keep the kid's mouth and teeth clean.\"The biggest culprit is the habit of allowing the child to keep the milk bottle in its mouth for a long time. Sugar in the milk causes bacterial infection around gums and teeth leading to decay,\" explained Dr Salim A Khatib, consultant pediatrician and neonatologist, Columbia Asia Hospital, Hebbal.\"It's a myth that children's teeth can't be cleaned before they are able to brush teeth on their own. The mother must clean the child's teeth with cotton soaked in lukewarm water. Even a drop of toothpaste can be used,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16965007", "title": "Crowds throng Ashwa Klanta temple for a glimpse of Assam\u2019s \u2018bou\u2019", "text": "GUWAHATI: The arrival of Bhupen Hazarika's long separated wife in Guwahati has generated a lot of excitement among people here. The city is waiting to have a glimpse of the famous 'bou' or sister-in-law of Assam, who has set foot in the state after almost a decade and a half. The homecoming has generated anticipation and enthusiasm alike.Priyamvada Patel Hazarika, accompanied by son Tez Hazarika, is in the city for her husband's first 'punyatithi' (death anniversary) and 'shraddha'. Her arrival almost a year after Hazarika's demise on November 5 has set the grapevine abuzz. Her absence during her husband's ill health and demise had raised many eyebrows in the traditional society of Assam.On her arrival on the occasion of her husband's first 'punyatithi', the octogenarian stated that being back in Assam is like revisiting her old days here.Priyamvada, Tez and other members of the Hazarika clan went to the Ashwa Klanta temple on Thursday for Bhupen's 'shraddha'. For the people of north Guwahati, it was an opportunity to catch a glimpse of Assam's 'bou', resulting in a swelling crowd at the spot. The crowd even thronged the small room where Priyamvada was seated, while others chanted slogans in praise of the doyen, to touch her feet.Bhupen married Priyamvada on August 1, 1950. She is not only a distant relative of India's Iron Man, Sardar Vallabhai Patel, but was also friends with Robert Kennedy's wife Ethel. It was during his stint in the US that Bhupenda met Priyamvada and fell in love with her. But their marriage was shortlived and resulted in a separation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16958362", "title": "Youth in Thakurganj killed by sorcerer", "text": "LUCKNOW: A youth died at the hands of a sorcerer claiming immense power to heal anybody of any ailment. Police found the body of 24-year-old Sarvesh Chaurasia, resident of Thakurganj, from Unnao on Thursday, murdered allegedly by one of his distant relatives who claimed to be curing Sarvesh's ailing mother through occult activites.Sarvesh's family had lodged a case of abduction on Tuesday evening after his sudden disappearance. The police was informed by their counterparts from Unnao district about body of a young man found at Wednesday midnight. The body was discovered on a Ganga bank in Unnao by shepherds who were returning from that spot in the evening.Ramakant Chaurasia from Unnao, the accused in the case, is a distant relative of the victim and had been visiting Sarvesh's home frequently for the past six months. Ramakant convinced Sarvesh he had the power of occult to cure the latter's mother, who often complained sudden body pain and was also suffering from depression. Ramakant kept extorting money from the deceased every now and then, a fact that led to animosity between the two.\"While the condition of Sarvesh's mother was not improving, Ramakant continued extorting money from Sarvesh,\" said SK Yadav, Thakurganj police in charge.On realising he was being duped, Sarvesh threatened Ramakant with dire consequences. Ramakant convinced Sarvesh to take a dip in holy Ganga, as the last step of the treatment, and assured him that his act will end the misery of his mother forever.Sarvesh left for Unnao along with Ramakant on his two-wheeler on Tuesday. On reaching a secluded spot near the Ganga river, Ramakant asked Sarvesh to eat sweets the former had laced with naphthalene balls.After consuming the sweets, Sarvesh fainted on the spot and Ramakant, allegedly, strangled him with a stole around 2pm on Tuesday and left his body on the riverbank. Ramakant then fled the scene riding Sarvesh's two-wheeler. The police later interrogated Ramakant when they learnt he was from Unnao and was known to the deceased.\"Ramakant has confessed his crime and we have pressed charges against him under IPC sections of 364, 302 and 201,\" said Yadav. Sarvesh used to assist his father at a betel shop in Kapoorthala area of Aliganj, owned by the family. He was a student of BA second year and is survived by three siblings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16960550", "title": "26-year-old molested, beaten by bag snatchers in Civil Lines", "text": "GURGAON: A 26-year-old woman, working with an IMT, Manesar-based automobile company as a quality engineer was molested and physically assaulted by two bike-borne snatchers before snatching her purse in the upscale Civil Lines area on Wednesday evening.The bikers assaulted her and punched her several times on the face when the woman resisted them during their first attempt to snatch her purse, which contained her two ATM cards, a credit card and other valuable documents. She informed her bank by SMS that her ATM card was used for shopping Rs 400 worth of goods and got her ATM card and credit card blocked.When the victim called the police control room at No. 100 after the incident, a PCR van did reach the spot but only suggested that she take treatment for her injuries in the Civil Hospital and no case has been registered so far. \"After getting information from the control room, a police officer went to the Civil Hospital for taking the statement of the victim, but she had already left the hospital. After that we have not yet received any complaint. We will lodge an FIR only after receiving the woman's complaint,\" Inspector Naresh Kumar, SHO, Civil Lines police station, told TOI.The incident took place in front of John Hall near the residence of the deputy commissioner in Civil Lines around 7.30pm on Wednesday. Sushmita (name changed) a native of Uttar Pradesh have living in the government working women's hostel in Civil Lines for the past two-three years.\"I was going towards my hostel, when two youths on a bike passed by and returned after seeing that I was alone. They started molesting me and tried to snatch my purse. When I resisted them, one of them hit me on my face several times but I held on to my purse. They then hit me on my head and fled with my bag,\" Sushmita said.When the cops came, they just told me to undergo treatment in the Civil Hospital and ensure the filing of a medico legal report (MLC) and left the spot. As I was bleeding profusely, I needed someone by my side.So I informed my hostel warden and roommate, who came and took me to the hospital,\" she said.\"I was in tje hospital for one and a half hours but no policeman was there for my statement. I am on painkillers and am unable to talk properly. In my purse there were two ATM cards and one credit card along with some money, PANn card, voter card and some valuables. The snatcher has used one of my ATM cards at a car care shop in Sadar Bazaar for shopping a Rs 400 item,\" Sushmita told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16964752", "title": "Don't implicate family members in dowry case just on FIR: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Family members of a man should not be implicated in a dowry case just because their names have been mentioned in the complaint without any specific allegation levelled against them, the Supreme Court has said.The apex court said that courts should be cautious in implicating family members as the wife sometime wants to settle scores arising out of teething problems or \"skirmish of domestic bickering\".\"...if the FIR as it stands does not disclose specific allegation against accused more so against the co-accused specially in a matter arising out of matrimonial bickering, it would be clear abuse of legal and judicial process to mechanically send the named accused in the FIR to undergo trial,\" a bench of justices T S Thakur and Gyan Sudha Misra said.The bench said that family members should not be implicated unless FIR discloses specific allegations against the relatives who are prima facie not found to have indulged in physical and mental torture of the complainant-wife.\"The courts are expected to adopt a cautious approach in matters of quashing specially in cases of matrimonial dispute whether the FIR in fact discloses commission of an offence by the relatives or the FIR prima facie discloses a case of over-implication by involving the entire family at instance of the complainant, who is out to settle her scores arising out of teething problem or skirmish of domestic bickering while settling down in her new matrimonial surrounding,\" it said.The court passed the order on an appeal filed by family members of a man against whom FIR was lodged by his wife in a dowry torture case.The court, after going through the allegation made in the FIR, came to the conclusion that no specific instance were mentioned in the complaint in which they had tortured the woman for dowry.It dismissed the criminal proceedings against them and cautioned the police and court not to proceed against family members just because their names have been mentioned in the FIR.\"It is the well settled principle laid down in cases too numerous to mention, that if the FIR did not disclose the commission of an offence, the court would be justified in quashing the proceedings preventing the abuse of the process of law,\" the apex court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16960793", "title": "Work on Gorakhpur nuke plant to begin in August next", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Construction work of the much talked about country's largest 2,800 mw nuclear power plant at Gorakhpur in Fatehabad district of Haryana will start from August 2013.As per draft of the proposed power plant, a copy of which is with TOI, construction of the project will be taken up in two stages, having two units generating 700 MW each. The first stage project will be commissioned in 60 months from the \"zero date\" as August 2013, and subsequent two units are expected to be four years later.During construction stage, a maximum of 8,000 persons (when construction of stage-I will be nearing completion and construction of stage-II will start) will be temporarily deployed. On completion of the final stage of the project, a regular manpower of about 1,700 persons will be required (covering technical and general administration).The main plant units of the Rs 23,502-crore project will be set up in 608.5 hectares, including the exclusion zone of one km around the reactor building.The draft plan of the project prepared by Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL), has made provision for a residential colony for about 1,700 employees in which adequate parking space for about 1,500 cars, light commercial vehicles and community facilities -- including hospital, community centre, school, shopping centre, recreation club, sports complex, playground, bank, post office, petrol pump, etc., -- will be created.In a bid to minimize energy consumption, NPCIL has decided to use CFL, low pressure sodium lights and solar streetlights with automatic time control system in the project area.NPCIL has also planned a ten-foot high fencing around the project and a green belt cover within and around the plant, covering about 33% of the project area to ameliorate the fugitive emissions and noise from the project operation.All the units would have a lifetime of 60 years after their commissioning and on completion of the operating life of 60 years, these will be decommissioned.A detailed decommissioning plan will be worked out as per Atomic Energy Regulation Board (AERB) to bring the land to its original use, which will ensure that no radioactive releases exist in the environment, the draft envisages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16958434", "title": "Prisons dept plans victim relief fund", "text": "The prisons department is mulling setting up a victim compensation fund which would render financial assistance to the families of the victims of crimes. A convict in jail earns more than Rs 1,500 a month by way of wages of labour.The idea is to set apart some of these earnings for the fund from which families of crime victims would be paid compensation. The thinking here is that if a person has been found guilty of a crime, he or she does suffer punishment in the form of a jail term but the victim, or the family of the victim, has to invariably suffer the consequences of the crime.The proposed fund would serve to provide some compensation to these victims to help them along. The compensation though will be given mainly to the victims of grave crimes. Prisoners in Andhra Pradesh earn their wages by working in factories in various jails or engaging in agriculture at some of the open air jails.\"During my recent visit to Tamil Nadu , I found out how the Victim Compensation Fund is organised and operated. We are proposing something similar for Andhra Pradesh,\" prisons department director general TP Das told TOI. In Tamil Nadu, 20% of the wages earned by a prisoner is deducted and put in the victim compensation fund.According to Das, prisoners who are convicted for a certain number of years may end up collecting a tidy amount of money. After thoroughly studying the system in place in Tamil Nadu, a decision will be taken on what percentage of a prisoner's wages should be deducted and put in the fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "16960032", "title": "Two killed in bison attack", "text": "JALPAIGURI: Bisons straying out of the adjoining Moraghat forest is a usual sight for people of Gandrapara. But little did they know that their enthusiasm to catch a glimpse of the animals would turn fatal on Thursday.Two persons, including a woman, were killed and four injured after a bison attacked the crowd in the tea estate at Banerhat. Foresters were forced to tranquilize it after all efforts to scare it away failed.Locals said that the bisons strayed out of the forests early on Thursday. It was around 8am when they spotted the two bisons. Word soon spread in the village and people converged on the spot. Though forest department officials reached Gandrapara in no time, all their attempts to disperse the mob failed. Some even jeered at the bisons.While one of them slowly moved back into the forest, the other one charged at the mob. As the people scampered away to their homes, Batulia Bania, 50 and Sahon Indwar, 55, stumbled and fell down. The angry animal then started pricking the duo with its horns. While Batuli died on the spot, Sahon breathed his last at Jalpaiguri sadar hospital. \"All our efforts to drive the animals back into the forest failed due to the huge presence of people. When the bison started chasing the people, they were frightened and started pelting stones to scare away the animal. But instead some villagers were injured,\" said a forester. Some people even attacked foresters and police, blaming them for not taking action. Sources said that police had to lathicharge to bring the situation under control. Later the bison was sedated by foresters which led to its death. However, this is quite common in bisons as they can seldom withstand sedatives.\"We were left with no alternative but to dart the animal. It had already killed two people and had injured many. We had to decide before it was too late,\" said a senior forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965237", "title": "Krishna and Nakul in Vallinam", "text": "Director Arivazhagan whose maiden venture, Eeram became a big hit, is now busy with the shoot of Vallinam, which has Nakul in the lead. The latest news is that Krishna, who was last seen in Kazhugu will also play a prominent role in the film.The shoot of the film had slowed down and Arivazhagan had admitted that the film got delayed due to many reasons. At the same time, he admitted that he is extremely happy with the way the film is shaping up. All the songs have been completed and the director is all praises for the high energy levels of both the actors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16958449", "title": "Painter kills wife, hangs himself", "text": "BANGALORE: A painter from Andhra Pradesh allegedly strangled his wife to death before hanging himself from the ceiling of his house in South Bangalore on Thursday.Vijay Bhaskar Reddy, 42, and his wife Krishnamma Reddy, 30, a garment factory employee and mother of a girl and two boys, were staying at Beereshwaranagar in Subramanyapura. The three children were visiting their grandparents at Chittoor for Dasara, police said.Vijay's younger brother Harikrishna Reddy said Vijay called him at 1.30am to tell him that Krishnamma had committed suicide. \"I was in Chittoor. Vijay seemed upset. He did not answer properly and cut the call,\" Harikrishna told police.Harikrishna immediately called Narayana Reddy, Krishnamma's elder brother. \"I was at a construction site on Magadi Road whenI received the call around 2am. I rushed to the house and kept knocking on the door. With help of police, we broke open the door and found both of them dead,\" Narayana told.A plastic wire suspected to be used by Vijay to kill his wife was found at the spot. According to Narayana, Vijay's body was hanging, while Krishnamma's body lay on the bed. \"They had differences over many issues. Vijay was trying to stop Krishnamma from going to work,\" Narayana said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959433", "title": "Maharashtra government may invite fresh bids for Mantralaya makeover", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government may invite fresh bids for the controversial multi-crore Mantralaya makeover project if negotiations with the prospective contractors fall through.A high-level committee headed by chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia on Thursday categorically told the three bidders\u2014Unity Infraprojects, Larsen &amp; Toubro and Shapoorji Pallonji\u2014to revise the quotations and meet government estimates or face an exit. \"We may be forced to explore the option of retendering even as we want quality work done in very limited time. Inviting fresh tenders will take some more time, but with such high quotations it is difficult for the government to afford this work,\" the the chief secretary.The panel could also explore the option of breaking the tenders into two to three parts and stagger the work in phases. For this, the major component of the project work could be broken into pieces, such as separate phases for electrical and plumbing, said officials. \"This could possibly result in reduction of cost,\" said an official.The committee has been in the process of negotiating terms of the tenders with three bidders ever since the trio quoted bids at least 50% more than what was estimated by the public works department (PWD). The lowest bidder, Unity Infraprojects, has quoted 48% above the project cost estimate. The other two have also quoted \"abnormally\" high bids.Sources in the government say negotiations are dragging as both sides are sticking to their claims.While the bidders are attributing the high costs to the \"complicated\" nature of the work, which involves deploying a 1,000-strong labour force in a residential area, carrying out work for only few hours of the day as it is in a sensitive residential zone and completing the entire exercise in eight months. \"Even as security remains a concern, lesser known firms would have taken at least two years to complete the same work at the cost the government has estimated,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16960534", "title": "Medical university raises the bar for students to clear examibnation in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Raising the bar for medical education in Tamil Nadu, the state medical university on Thursday made it mandatory for students to score minimum 50% marks in each paper to clear examinations. Armed with a nod from the Medical Council of India (MCI) for raising the standards, Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan said the university was the first in the country to raise the minimum marks.The university had withheld the first year MBBS results, which were to be announced on October 8, as it was awaiting MCI's opinion on whether it can increase the minimum marks required to clear the examination. Earlier, a student only needed an aggregate score of 50% in each subject. From now on, a student will have to score 50% in each paper. For example, a first year MBBS student will need 50% marks in each of the two anatomy papers to be promoted to the second year.A senior university official said the first year MBBS results will be declared on Friday and said at least 40% of the students have failed to clear the examination. \"But this time it is unlikely that we will revise the results,\" Dr Natarajan told reporters.The rule was first introduced in 2011 and only 60% of the students managed to clear the examination. The failed students petitioned chief minister J Jayalalithaa and moved the Madras high court . After CM's intervention, the university decided to go back to the old system. Legal experts had advised the university to equip itself with permission from the MCI. On Thursday MCI secretary Sanjay Shrivastava wrote to the university registrar saying while all institutions are to stick to the guidelines set by the regulatory body, they are free to set a higher standard.Dr Natarajan soon called a press conference to announce the new rules. \"MCI has said we can frame higher standards. Raising the pass marks is one way to make medical training more rigorous. They can't say I failed in the anatomy first paper but scored high in the second paper,\" he said. \"By 2013, the university will increase the minimum pass marks to 60%,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16960826", "title": "UK keen to learn Gujarat's e-governance initiative", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the British government reviewing its stand on Gujarat, the UK is seeking further opportunities to collaborate with the state. An e-governance programme by Gujarat government has generated interest from UK's medical regulatory body.The Gujarat Food and Drug Control Administration (FDCA) is all set to impart training on the state's regulatory mechanism to Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA), UK.The state government's self-licensing software called the Xtended Licensing and Laboratory Note (XLN), developed and adopted by FDCA, has bagged the Prime Minster's Award for Excellence in Public Administration. FDCA regulates sales and manufacturing aspects of drugs, food and cosmetics and issues licenses through this software.H G Koshia, commissioner, FDCA who pioneered the e-governance programme, said, \"MHRA has sought collaboration on various fronts. The officials are impressed with the online licensing initiative and want to adopt the same.\"FDCA and MHRA will sign an agreement for training, sharing knowledge and joint inspection this month once the central government issues clearance.The software enables regulators to put a check on the activities of various stakeholders in Gujarat to ensure public safety. It also enables the registration of all the pharmacists and chemists, which prevents multiple illegal enrolment of pharmacists. Through the software, FDCA can effectively recall any drug, which is below the required standards.Drug regulators from across India - Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh , Goa, Himachal Pradesh , Tamil Nadu , Chhattisgarh and West Bengal - have shown interest in the self-licensing software developed and adopted by FDCA.Gujarat is also the first state to have started an SMS alert system for spurious drugs last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "16958794", "title": "MLA\u2019s firm in trouble for water theft", "text": "THANE: Shiv Sena MLA Pratap Sarnaik finds himself in troubled waters after the civic administration on Thursday registered a criminal offence of water theft against all office-bearers of Vihang Infrastructure Pvt Ltd, a construction company chaired by the politician.Sarnaik's firm is accused of illegally tapping the mainline to facilitate a 24x7 free flow for residents of Vihang Valley, a residential enclave built by his construction firm, along the Ghodbunder Road here.\"An FIR has been registered against all office-bearers of Vihang Infrastructure after an audit revealed that the developers were illegally drawing water from the mains and that too much in excess,'' municipal commissioner RA Rajeev told TOI. The civic chief also ordered that the illegal drawing of water by the developers should be put to a stop immediately. Rajeev also issued suspension orders against executive engineer (water works) Kailash Mumbaikar, for alleged connivance with Vihang Infrastructure.Sarnaik, however, rebutted the allegations and claimed that he had secured legitimate connections upon payment of all dues to the corporation. \"My project was granted 21 connections and the civic officials themselves connected the water pipes to the complex. As a developer, I cannot be held accountable for actions which were executed by the water supply officers,'' Sarnaik told TOI.Sarnaik, however, said he has been deliberately defamed and that he has also written to the police commissioner to probe the allegations against him. \"If the charges are proved wrong, then cops must file an FIR against those who have registered offence against me,'' he said.Water supply officials, however, said Sarnaik's project was sanctioned 21 connections of 1 mm pipe each and the water was to be drawn from a TMC pipeline 400 -500 m away from the housing complex. \"Instead, water was sourced directly from the mainline. The total water supply sanctioned for this project was 25 mm, Vihang Valley drew water from 150 mm diameter pipelines,'' an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16965047", "title": "Bihar to hold roadshow in Mauritius", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government has decided to organize a road show during the sixth regional Pravasi Bharatiya Divas convention commencing from October 27 in Mauritius. The road show is aimed at highlighting the 'Know Your Roots' campaign for the people of Indian origin (PIO). Close to 70% population of Mauritius is of Indian origin and almost 50% of Indians hail from Bihar.Before leaving for Mauritius, Bihar's tourism minister Sunil K Pintu said: \"Through the road show, we will welcome the Mauritians of Bihari origin to locate and visit their native land in Bihar.\" He added, \"Though most people of Indian origin speak Bhojpuri in Mauritius, the younger generation is getting more fluent in Hindi because of the influence of the popular Hindi film industry.\"During the road show, Pintu will extend a warm welcome to all youngsters to visit Bihar and not just try and trace the origin of their ancestors but also spend some time to visit the cultural confluence and a lifetime of memories that the state offers to every traveller.\"Mauritius and Bihar have cemented their intent to work together. We will work with the Mauritius Tourism Promotion Authority to foster greater people-to-people contact between Mauritius &amp; Bihar,\" said an official.\"We will tell the Mauritians that through our 'Trace your roots' programme, they could trace their forefathers, their native village and their family origin,\" the official said.The road show, to be conducted by the department of tourism, Bihar, would consist of a meeting and briefing session with the tour operators of Mauritius, along with a photo exhibition that has been strategically hosted at the same venue as the plenary session of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas convention at the Mahatma Gandhi Institute at Moka. The two-day exhibition commencing from October 27 would showcase 50 celebrated tourist sites of Bihar.\"Through the exhibition, we will encourage them to visit Bihar for an enchanting journey that introduces them to the culture, food, wildlife, festivals and monuments of Bihar,\" said director, Bihar tourism, D K Srivastava. The exhibition is slated to be inaugurated by Pintu and Mauritian art and culture minister Mookhesswur Choonee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16959682", "title": "Glaring security holes in Wadia hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: The snatching of a day-old baby from the Nowrosjee Wadia Maternity Hospital seems to be turning into a case of securing the stable door after the horse has bolted.A day after the newborn was stolen, the hospital on Thursday said it is going to order CCTV cameras as soon as possible and bolster security even as police investigations indicate that the security in-charge at the institution had quit a month ago after his repeated suggestions to beef up security went unheeded.The police are yet to get any lead on the stolen baby or the snatcher, described as a woman wearing an orange sari and a black scarf at the time of the incident at 5.30pm on Wednesday.Bhoiwada police have learnt that Jagdish Dekhne, the security in-charge at the hospital, quit when the management showed little interest in his plans to instal closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras and employ more guards.\"I started making the request ever since I joined on November 15, 2011. But the hospital management was unprofessional and made light of the repeated requests. This prompted me to quit,\" Dekhne told TOI on Thursday. He left in September.The hospital said Dekhne quit for personal reasons. \"We have about 20 security personnel, out of whom about four are on duty at any given point of time,\" said B P Sharma, hospital CEO. \"The incident took place during the visiting hours, when the cramped hospital is even more crowded. We have held a management meeting and are going to order CCTV cameras as early as possible. We are also in the process of increasing security.\" The hospital management has initiated an internal inquiry.As the day passed without any news on the boy, the baby's mother was inconsolable. Jasmin Naik, who had come to the city from Dubai for the delivery, kept cursing her decision to take a walk leaving the baby unattended. \"I was walking within the general ward. I had only gone about six cots away when I turned and realized that my baby was missing ,\" said Jasmin between sobs.The incident has spooked patients. \"My baby is suffering from jaundice and has been kept in an incubator. What if someone walks away with him? I hope to be discharged soon,\" said one of them in the general ward.\"Dekhne had alerted about a danger the hospital authorities did not realize. There is also shortage of guards with just 20 manning the hospital in three shifts. Many of them have left due to irregular payments,\" said a Bhoiwada police officer.Soon after the incident, four police teams had been formed to check all outstation trains and buses. \"All control rooms have been informed. We are also keeping a check on all hospitals the woman could approach to get medicines for the baby,\" said the police, who are looking at the possibility of charging the hospital management with negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16961152", "title": "In death, dog that sniffed out Taliban arms a hero in Britain", "text": "LONDON: A British military dog who died in Afghanistan has been awarded the highest bravery award for an animal for finding hidden weapons and improvised explosive devices planted by the Taliban .Theo, a springer spaniel, died from an undiagnosed seizure hours after his handler Lance Corporal Tasker was killed on March 1, 2011 in a firefight. Theo worked for five months in Afghanistan with royal army veterinary corps, searching out roadside bombs.Theo has now been recognized with the Dickin Medal by the People's Dispensary for Sick Animals (PDSA). The award is given to animals for gallantry or devotion to duty in military conflict.The PDSA Dickin medal recognizes that in finding IEDs and bomb-making equipment, Theo prevented soldiers and civilians from being killed or wounded. Tasker's mother, Jane Duffy, said she was \"so, so proud\" of the award given to Theo.Theo still holds the record for the most operational finds made by an arms and explosives search dog in Afghanistan , with 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16965031", "title": "Bihar's success story inspires Pakistan: Envoy", "text": "PATNA: The people of Pakistan are not only interested in the success story of Bihar, they also want to take inspiration from the impressive works done in the state under the leadership of CM Nitish Kumar , said Pakistani high commissioner to Delhi, Salman Bashir, on Thursday after a meeting with the CM and others at 1, Anne Marg.Bashir and his deputy, Babar Amin, who visited Patna for the first time in view of Nitish's scheduled Pakistan visit from November 9, said they discussed at length the arrangements for the visit. \"The Bihar CM is visiting Pakistan at the invitation of the chief ministers of Punjab and Sindh and he will visit Karachi, Islamabad and Lahore,\" he said.He said the visit would be an important one as people were looking forward to welcome him. \"We hope Nitish's visit will open another dimension of cooperation for mutual benefit of the people of the two countries,\" he told media after a luncheon meeting with CM, ministers, officials and dignitaries. \"Bihar is very special for us and, in Pakistan, all are fascinated by the pride Bihar has taken in socio-economic fields. We are very much impressed with Bihar model of development,\" Bashir added.To a question about Mumbai terror attack's main accused Ajmal Amir Kasab's conviction and rejection of his mercy plea, Bashir said, \"We respect the judicial process of India and have nothing to comment on it.\"The importance Pakistan has attached to Nitish's visit is evident from the arrival of the high commissioner to meet the CM. The tour is to take place following a Pakistani parliamentary delegation's visit here a couple of months back. The parliamentarians belonging to different parties had shown keen interest in Bihar and told Nitish that the senior politicians of Pakistan were eagerly looking forward to his visit.Nitish is expected to lead a 12-member delegation comprising art and culture minister Sukhda Pandey and industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha, N K Singh, MP, deputy chairman legislative council Salim Parvez, chairman minority commission Naushad Ahmad, chief secretary A K Sinha, principal secretary, home, Amir Subhani, principal secretary to CM, Anjani Kumar Singh and secretary Atish Chandra besides Khuda Bakhsh library director Imtiaz Ahmad and Upper caste commission member Farhat Abbas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16960840", "title": "Shreyas founder Leenaben passes away at 97", "text": "AHMEDABAD: She was called the reincarnation of Madame Montessori in India. The grand lady at Shreyas School, Leenaben Mangaldas, 97, passed away on Thursday morning at 8.15 am at her Mangalbaug bungalow in Parimal Garden area.Family members close to her said she was suffering from a respiratory disease for the past few days. She lived her life imbibing ideals of Mahatma Gandhi , Rabindranath Tagore and Madame Montessori.Leenaben was the founder of Shreyas Foundation experimental school which was her family and her passion for the past 70 years. It was Leenaben's mother Sarladevi Sarabhai who had brought the concept of Montessori education in India in 1924 and Leenaben later became the pioneer of Montessori schools in the country.The Montessori idea came to the Sarabhai family aboard a ship in 1914. Sarladevi was impressed with Madame Maria Montessori after a book she read on her way to England. In 1924, Sarladevi started a school in the Sarabhai home, The Retreat, which all her eight children attended including Vikram and Leenaben. In 1940, Leenaben brought Madame Maria Montessori to Ahmedabad from Adyar in former Madras. Montessori and her son Mario stayed at the Retreat bungalow in Shahibaugh and trained pre-primary teachers in the city.One of the first schools of its kind, Shreyas was founded in 1947 in Shahibaug by Leenaben with Montessori as its first president as day boarding for juniors. In 1961, Shreyas moved to Manekbaug on a small hill. Leenaben picked plants from her father Ambalal Sarabhai , the well-known textile baron's garden and other places to green the hill. Over the 28 acres of this institution, it is normal to find kids playing with a deer in the in-house park, walk through a brick maze, a tunnel, swinging on the roots of an old banyan tree, or teasing peacocks, on their way to class. Shreyas was not just a school.Vikram and Mrinalini Sarabhai's children Kartikeya and Mallika, Leena and Madanmohan Mangaldas' son Kamal and his son Abhay, are all Shreyas alumnae. Leenaben's husband Madanmohan, who died some years ago, was a textile baron. Shreyas is one of the few schools in Gujarat that still holds traditional Indian sports like malkhamb on its annual sports day. \"I would like the child to develop without outside pressure. We believe in no punishment, no humiliation for children,\" Leenaben had told TOI earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959356", "title": "Norms eased: Fewer papers needed for driving licence", "text": "NEW DELHI: Transport department officials said the changes in the licence application process was necessitated after complaints of harassment by touts.\"The affidavit had become a racket, with touts setting up offices outside RTOs and charging exorbitant fees for getting the document issued. They also misled people by claiming to get licences issued without proper documentation,\" said the official.With the latest change in rules, the transport department is hoping to tackle the menace of touts. The order, signed by special commissioner (transport) Yashpal Garg, threatens action against officials found asking for such an affidavit.The transport department has also made the process of converting the learner's license into a permanent license easier.\"We will no longer require proof of address and date of birth at the time of issuing a permanent driving licence if there is no change in the details mentioned in a valid Learner's license issued by the same zonal office,\" the official said.The department has also allowed more documents that can be submitted as proof of age and address. \"The Aadhar card will also be admissible as proof now,\" said the official.This is besides the other list of documentation that will be allowed, which includes the electoral roll or voter ID, house tax mutation order, marriage certificate issued by designated magistrate, domicile certificate/ caste certificate/ senior citizen certificate isued by district administration as well as the usual documentation like latest water bills by Delhi Jal Board or electricity bill/ telephone bill. However, only an MTNL phone bill will be valid.More than 65 lakh vehicles are registered in Delhi, of which, around 40% are estimated to be private vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16964826", "title": "Nurses demand bribe for delivery, probe ordered", "text": "JAIPUR: A complaint against some nursing staff of a government-run S K Hospital in Sikar for seeking bribe while carrying out a child delivery has left the hospital authorities red-faced.A couple made a written complaint saying their child was delivered at the hospital only after they paid bribe of Rs 1100 to some members of the nursing staff. The hospital claims to have forwarded the complaint to the ACB and said an independent enquiry has also been launched into the incident.The complaint was made by one Satveer Kumar, a resident of Rinau village near Sikar. Satveer claims that he admitted his wife to the hospital on October 22 for child delivery. The delivery was scheduled for October 23, but some members of the nursing staff of MCWC ward suddenly told the family members of his wife Sumitra that she had developed some complications and she would have to be referred to a hospital in Jaipur.As the need for referral was made minutes before the labour pain started, it panicked the family members. When they pleaded if anything could be done, the nursing staff allegedly demanded bribe.Satveer has alleged in his complaint that the staff took Rs 500 from his mother Kiran Devi and another Rs 600 from his mother-in-law Durga Devi before agreeing to carry out the child delivery.The hospital's principal medical officer (PMO) S S Chauhan told TOI over the phone that a committee has been constituted by the hospital to probe the complaint and prepare a report. \"The complainant had requested that the complaint should be forwarded to the ACB also. So we have sent a copy to the agency if they want to take up the case. We are awaiting the committee report. If the allegations are found true, strict action will be taken against the nursing staff,\" Chauhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16960133", "title": "Congress sets hope on central government's Cabinet reshuffle", "text": "KOLKATA: With talks on the possibility of a cabinet reshuffle on Sunday doing the rounds in New Delhi, speculation is rife in Pradesh Congress circles on which local leaders may finally make the cut.If Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sticks to the 2004 formula of one cabinet berth and two (or more) MoS positions for every six MPs from a state, Bengal is likely to get three ministerial positions - one among them a cabinet berth. But it appears unlikely that New Delhi's electoral compulsions would translate into largesse for a state with only six MPs to support the Congress at the Centre.For some time, Abu Hasem Khan-Choudhury and Pradip Bhattacharya's name have been doing rounds, with an addition of Mausam Benazir Noor. However, if Pradesh Congress leaders are to be believed, it is unlikely that two Malda MPs will get the minister's berth at the expense of others.Mausam is close to Rahul Gandhi and it is expected that he will play a critical role in the latest cabinet restructuring. But can the Congress choose to ignore the more experienced Adhir Chowdhury and Deepa Das Munshi? If Pradip Bhattacharya makes the cut, Adhir is likely to step into the Pradesh Congress president's shoes. A reticent Adhir then has to be coaxed into taking a larger organisational role beyond Murshidabad district.AICC general secretary and Bengal in charge Shakeel Ahmed said, \"Cabinet formation is the prerogative of the Prime Minister. Yes, during it inputs from the regional party units are taken. However, this is not binding on the Prime Minister. Also, the one cabinet minister and two MoS formula for every six MPs in a state was in vogue in 2004, not in 2009. But regional balance is imperative.\"When asked if Adhir would play a greater role in Pradesh Congress, Ahmed said: on Adhir's playing a greater role in Pradesh Congress,\"One leader one post principal is applicable to all. So, if Pradip Bhattacharya gets a ministerial berth, such a possibility remains. But we will take a call at the right time. These are speculation now.\" he said.AICC member R C Khuntia also said the same. \"It would be good if Bengal has enough representation in the Union cabinet, especially after the Trinamool Congress chose to quit the UPA. But again, it is solely the prerogative of the Prime Minister and the party president.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16958446", "title": "4 T heroes' statues on Tank Bund", "text": "HYDERABAD: Apart from Komuram Bheem, statues of another four personalities from Telangana region may come up on Tank Bund soon.Recently, the department of culture sent proposals to install statues of Chakali AiIlamma (Chityala Ailamma), Doddi Komaraiah, Shaik Bandagi Saheb Rahmatullah and journalist Shoebullah Khan.Chakali Ailamma had revolted against feudal lords to save her four-acre land when they tried to occupy it. She became an inspiration for many during the Vetti Chakiri Udyamam against feudal lords of the Telangana region. Doddi Komaraiah, a landless agricultural worker, died fighting in the rebellion against the landed gentry in Warangal district.Shaik Bandagi Saheb Rahmatullah, a revolutionary leader, had fought against Razakars. Journalist Shoebullah Khan, who had set up his own paper 'Imroze' (a spark of fire) and won people's hearts by waging a relentless battle against the Razakars, was brutally murdered.\"Though we did not receive any representations either from individuals or civil societies, based on articles in the media, a proposal and clippings have been sent to the youth advancement, tourism and culture (YAT&C;) department, a few days ago to install the statues on Tank Bund,\" department of culture director, Kavitha Prasad told TOI.The government has already permitted the installation of the statue of tribal leader Komuram Bheem Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy may unveil Komuram Bheem's statue on the occasion of his death anniversary on October 29.Meanwhile, the department of culture is making efforts to unveil 12 reinstalled statues on November 1 on the occasion of the AP Formation Day. \"Of the 12 statues, we have reinstalled the 10 statues of Krishnadevaraya, Tripuraneni Ramaswamy Chaudary, Kandukuri Veeresalingam Pantulu, Mutnuri Krishna Rao, Raghupathi Venkataratnam Naidu, Bellary Raghava, Gurajada Apparao, Annamaya, Annamayya, Sir Arthur Cotton and Erra Pragada on their respective pedestals. Statues of Brahma Nayudu and Siddhendra Yogi will be in place in a couple of days,\" the official said.Also, 10 other statues, which suffered minor damages during the Million March in 2011, were also being repaired. \"By October 30, all statues will be ready for unveiling. However, the government is yet to take a decision whether to unveil them on November 1 or not,\" the director said.The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has taken up remodeling of the 2.06 km walkway in front of the statues by spending Rs 1.05 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16963546", "title": "Gujarat poll: EVMs to be totally tamper-proof, says Ahmedabad district collector", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The EVMs to be used in the assembly elections will be 100 per cent tamper-proof, according to Vijay Nehra, district collector and incharge of the elections in Ahmedabad.\"We have, as per the instructions of Election Commission , adopted three levels of procedural mechanism which will remove every possibility of rigging EVMs,\" chief election officer, Ahmedabad said.Just before the elections begin, a mock round will be held in the presence of polling agents of all the candidates.About 50 votes would be polled and counted before the machines are sealed for the election. Votes polled during the mock round would be deleted, he said. After three levels of checking, the EVMs will be sealed in the presence of polling agents of candidates and EC-appointed observers.\"We will be using the kind of tamper-proof EVMs which have never been used anywhere in the world yet and which guarantee free and fair election,\" Nehra said.Elections are scheduled for December 13 and 17.Ahmedabad district has 21 assembly constituencies and 4,856 polling stations. \"We have 9,934 ballot units (BU) and 7,887 control units (CU) and all these have been checked and certified as fit for the elections,\" Nehra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16964009", "title": "NTR's film to have an energetic title", "text": "Harish Shankar is all poised to team up with young tiger NTR in his forthcoming project. However, the director opines that the suspense surrounding the title will soon come to an end. Harish says that they have not decided the title yet but rubbishes the rumours of MLA (Manchi Lakshanalunna Abbai) and IppudeModalayyindhi.Harish adds that he's contemplating to have an energetic and youthful title and shall announce it soon. He further says that he would share all the updates and important developments about the film on his micro blogging site. \"Am thinking of an Energetic ... Youth Title.... Will Announce Very Soon; Young Tiger NTR movie updates vl be coming soon in twitter, the title is neither MLA nor Ippude Modalayyindhi\" (sic), posted Harish.The film would be a youthful entertainer and Harish Shankar is working on NTR's characterization that would be one of the highlights of the film. His dialogues in the movie will entertain the fans. NTR will romance two heroines in the film and Samantha might be the one of the leading lady though nothing has been finalized. Dil Raju is producing the film under Sri Venkateswara Creations banner with musical scores by Thaman.Chota K Naidu handles the cinematography. This is the second time NTR is working with Dil Raju after super hit film Brindavanam (2010). The regular shooting of the film is expected to commence in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16960729", "title": "Scrap move to privatize heritage building: Congress", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Opposition Congress in Punjab has demanded immediate scraping of the government's proposal to privatize the 143-years-old Town Hall heritage building in Amritsar which at present houses the Municipal Corporation's office.The Congress legislators, led by leader of Opposition Sunil Jakhar, said an attempt is being made to indirectly usurp the prestigious heritage building by the top Akali leaders in the government. The building is built on an area of 5 acres and has a market value of Rs 1,500 crores. The Opposition has alleged that the government is trying to change the nature of use of the building by making \"back door efforts\".Jakhar said, \" The Punjab Heritage and Tourism Promotion Board, under pressure from the chief minister, has invited bids for the work of building infrastructure for vacating the heritage Town Hall. The SAD BJP alliance through their BJP mayor in Amritsar got a resolution moved as per which the Town Hall would be converted into a private hotel, food court, museum, archives, tourist office.\"Blaming chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal and his brother-in-law Bikramjit Singh Majithia, for having vested interests, Congress leader Sukhpal Singh Khaira said, \"Everyone knows that the Badal family is big time into hospitality sector. By giving out this priceless heritage building, which belongs to the people of the state, the Badals want it handed over on a plate to their front men.\"The Congress has alleged that the rules are being \"bent and broken\" to make Town Hall pass into private hands. \"An illegal document in the shape of tripartite agreement was signed between the Punjab Heritage and Tourism Board, Commissioner Municipal Corporation and Punjab Infrastructure and Development Board to lease out the Town Hall building to a private party. As per the MC Act 1976, Section 172, the commissioner is not a competent authority to lease, sell or dispose off any property above Rs 5,000,\" said Congress MLA Randeep Nabha.In another glaring \"oversight', said Jakhar, the government has also ignored bureaucrats decisions on this. \"The secretary, local government, did not approve of the faulty resolution passed by the BJP's Amritsar mayor since it was illegal and against the sentiments of the people,\" said Jakhar, producing copies of the report sent by the bureaucrat.The Congress has demanded that the government scrap the pre-bid tender fixed for October 22, failing which it will approach the ministry of tourism and the Supreme Court to save the heritage building, he added.Speaking on behalf of the government, Harcharan Bains, the adviser to the chief minister, said, \"Punjab government will protect the heritage building at all costs. Congress need not worry about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16965661", "title": "Here And There wins Best Film at 14th Mumbai Film Festival", "text": "'Miss Lovely' wins Best Film in India Gold category; Veteran actress Waheeda Rehman awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award; Spain's 'Blancanieves' directed by Pablo Berger screened as the Closing Film.Highly regarded world over by connoisseurs of cinema and considered among the most promising film festivals in Asia, the 14th Mumbai Film Festival screened a stellar lineup of approximately 230 works of cinematic genius from across the globe at five venues spanning the length and breadth of the city, establishing its credentials as the country's quintessential cinematic platform.The evening saw a grand award function hosted at the National Centre for the Performing Arts (NCPA) that witnessed the honouring of thespian Waheeda Rehman with the Lifetime Achievement Award for an Indian Personality, followed by the conferring of awards to the winners of other competition segments at the festival.\"I'm thrilled to receive this award from MAMI, a body of the industry at an international film hosted in my city Mumbai and that too during the course of the centenary year of Indian cinema\", said the acclaimed actor , \"I dedicate this award to the directors, producers, co-actors, technicians who've been a part of this journey with me.\"The results of the eagerly awaited competition category International Competition for the First Feature Films of Directors led to Aqui Y Alla? ( Here And There) being recognized as the Best Film with a Golden Gateway of India Award and a cash prize of US $ 100,000 collectively awarded to the producer, director &amp; sales agent of the film while the Jury Grand Prize of the Silver Gateway of India Award and cash prize of US$ 50,000 was won by Beasts Of The Southern Wild . The Silver Gateway Award for Best Director was given to Antonio Mendez Esparza for Aqui Y Alla? (Here And There), Silver Gateway Of India Award for Best Actor was handed to Dwight Henry for Beasts of the Southern Wild and Best Actress Award picked up by Julia Garner for Electrick Children . The Jury Award of Technical Excellence being awarded to Pankaj Kumar for Ship Of Theseus . The Special Jury Award was given to Musa Sayeed for Valley Of Saints .In the newly introduced competition section for Indian feature films 'India Gold', Miss Lovely was announced as the Best Film and awarded the Golden Gateway of India Trophy and a cash prize of Rs. 10 lakh while Shahid won the Runner's up to Best Film and Silver Gateway trophy and cash prize of Rs. 5 lakh. The Special Jury Award of a Silver Gateway of India trophy was given to Manjeet Singh for Mumbai Cha Raja . The Reliance Media Works CreaTech (Creativity &amp; Technology) Award was bestowed upon the makers of Miss Lovely , who will be entitled to utilize the resources Reliance Media Works Service Solutions for a value up to Rs.1 lakh.'Celebrate Age' competition category presented in association with the Harmony Silvers Foundation announced Night Boats (Nocni brodovi) by Igor Mirkovic as the Best Film while The Delay (La Demora) by Rodrigo Pla the was awarded as the Runner's -Up to the Best Film. Ping Pong by Hugh Hartford received the Special Mention by Jury.Dimensions Mumbai, a short film competition segment that featured works by young Mumbaikars below the age of 25 years depicting aspects of life in Mumbai announced Local by Bharat Singh Pawar as the Best Film in the category while the Runner's Up to the Best Film was awarded to Aakhon Dekha Haal by Sudhanshu Prakash Sawant. Films Bombay Kulfi by Vaibhav Hiwase and Karwaa by Errol Peter Marks and Aaditya Sawant received the Special Mention by the Jury.Best Film by Mumbai Young Critics was awarded to Beasts of the Southern Wild by Benh Zeitlin. The Hunt was selected as the winner of the Audience Choice Award and given the Silver Gateway Award and US $ 20,000.The eight-day long cinematic extravaganza concluded with the India premiere of Blancanieves , a film by renowned Spanish director Pablo Berger. The event was graced by the presence of luminaries such as Shyam Benegal , Shobha De, Prachi Desai , Goldie Behl, Ila Arun, Kaajal Agarwal among numerous others.In addition to the exquisite cinematic fare, the festival also hosted a superlative assortment of workshops, panel discussions and symposiums / seminars that were most illuminating and insightful for all attending cinephiles and patrons. Having received a phenomenal response yet again, the festival looks brightly towards another year of showing more quality cinema to a wider audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16960838", "title": "Espionage accused's brother promises to return from Pakistan", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Crime branch officials have spoken to suspected ISI agent Idrish Pinjara's brother, Aslam, in Pakistan. Investigators asked Idrish to call up his brother to speak to him.\"Aslam claims he is innocent and doesn't have any links with ISI,\" said crime branch officials. City cops have asked Aslam to return to Ahmedabad and prove his innocence. \"He promised to return at the earliest to clear his name,\" said crime branch officials. On October 13, Aslam, along with his mother and nephew left for Pakistan by train. Aslam left around the same time that Pinjara - an employee of the Jamnagar Municipal Corporation - was detained by crime branch for spying on the Indian Air Force's Jamnagar airbase. Aslam would send information to an ISI agent in Karachi - Tahir Khan. Crime branch officials also claim that Aslam had recruited some sub-agents in and around Jamnagar to spy on the IAF airbase.Before Idrish, crime branch had arrested two other suspected ISI agents, Sirajuddin Fakir and his accomplice Ayub Shaikh on October 14. During his interrogation Idrish revealed that his brother Aslam had been arrested by Pakistani police. He was then recruited by the ISI and deported to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16963771", "title": "Nullah rehabilitation policy: House owners unhappy, say demands not met", "text": "JAIPUR: Not quite happy with the state government's rehabilitation policy, the affected house owners of the Amanishah Nullah catchment area claimed that the policy leaves out many more of their demands.Many owners also claimed that they will continue to protest as the government's eviction has been a total loss for them as they have purchased houses from the housing societies after paying with their hard earned money.Jagish Chaudhary, an affected house owner and RTI activist, claimed that the owners having big houses should be provided with at least 100 square meter plot.\"The size of the plot decided is very less and not sufficient even for a medium family's accommodation.\" The state has decided on 50 square metre plots for the above poverty line (APL) families.The affected house owners also claimed that the places mentioned in the rehabilitation policy are located in far flung areas and as most of them have to travel everyday for work, staying far away would be big inconvenience to them.\"In the recent past, we have seen that rehabilitees had shifted themselves to the city and other places because the places provided for them were too far,\" a resident of Kiran Vihar, Jaganath Puri, said.The JDA has proposed rehabilitation for Jotrdawala village and Saypur village in zone- 8, Aachrawala village in zone 11 and Mundiya purohitan village in zone 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16958881", "title": "High court asks cops to investigate \u2018conspiracy\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday asked the police to probe if there was a larger conspiracy behind uploading of the controversial film Innocence of Muslims on YouTube , after it was informed that despite the videos being deleted, as claimed by cops, more were being uploaded.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and R Y Ganoo was hearing a petition by Ameen Idrisi seeking direction for registration of an FIR against three co-founders of Google Corporation and directors, actors and those associated with the film.Idrisi's advocate Ejaz Naqvi told the HC that more videos are being uploaded even while cops claim they are being deleted. He said the state has been \"requesting\" websites to remove the videos instead of blocking them.Earlier, public prosecutor Revati Mohite-Dere said 43 of 44 websites were deleted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16965311", "title": "Centre approves development projects for 16 minority dominated districts in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: With an eye on Muslim votes, the Congress-led UPA government at the centre has approved Rs 392 crore for 29 minority dominated districts in the country under multi-sectoral development programme. Of these 29 districts, 16 are in Uttar Pradesh (UP), which has 80 Lok Sabha seats, highest in the country. The move is being seen as a Congress attempt to win back Muslims who constitute 20% of UP's population and are deciding factor in 30 constituencies.The district plans of 31 minority concentration districts were considered by the Empowered Committee (EC) for multi-sectoral development programme. The EC has been formed by the union ministry of minority affairs. Of 31 proposals, 29 were approved by the EC for the 12th five year plan period. Apart from 16 districts of UP, nine are from West Bengal and four from Jharkhand. The proposals of two districts were rejected - Bahriach in UP and Sirsa in Haryana.The minority districts of UP whose proposals have been approved include Pilibhit, Moradabad, Sambhal, Muzaffarnagar, Shamli, Balrampur, Barabanki, Bareilly, Bijnor, Budaun, Lucknow, Rampur, Shahjahanpur, Shrawasti, Siddharth Nagar, JP Nagar, Meerut, Ghaziabad and Hapur. The West Bengal districts in the list are Dakshin Dinajpur, Birbhum, Burdwan, Murshidabad, Nadia, Uttar Dinajpur, South 24 Parganas, Cooch Behar and North 24 Parganas.In Jharkhand , the districts whose plans were cleared are Sahibganj, Simdega, Pakur and Khunti. In proposal of Bahraich was not approved because it was felt that more details of the estimate were required. The UP government has been asked to send these details. The proposal of Sirsa was rejected because it was not approved by the state level committee. The Haryana government has been asked to send the proposal after completing the prescribed procedure.The minority concentration districts are identified on the basis of substantial minority population and relative backwardness in terms of socio-economic and basic amenities parameters based on Census data. The multi-sectoral development programme is a special scheme for the minority concentration districts. The programme aims at improving socio-economic parameters of basic amenities for improving people's quality of life and reducing imbalances.According to the union minority affairs ministry, Muslims, Sikhs, Christians, Buddhists and Zoroastrians (Parsis) have been notified as minority communities in the country under Section 2 (c) of the National Commission for Minorities Act, 1992. As per Census 2001, the percentage of minorities in India is about 18.4% of the total population of the country, of which Muslims are around 13.4%; Christians - 2.3%; Sikhs - 1.9%, Buddhists - 0.8% and Parsis - 0.007%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16963251", "title": "Soon, SMS alerts on power bills", "text": "BANGALORE: SMS alerts on power cuts in your area or bill payments? This and other information about your power bills is likely if Bescom's new initiative takes off next year. The Bangalore Electricity Supply Company (Bescom) is only a step away from operationalising its SMS facility.The initiative taken under the Restructured-Accelerated Power Development and Reforms Programme (RAPDRP) has been failing on deadlines for the past two years. \"We have been trying to start the facility for some time now but it never worked due to the unwillingness of consumers to share their mobile numbers. We have 36,83,878 consumers under RAPDRP in Bangalore and till a few months back, only 30% of them had registered their numbers. The poor response didn't allow us to roll out the service,\" says Nagalakshmi SV, general manager, IT and MIS, Bescom.According to P Manivannan, MD, Bescom, under RAPDRP, all information on Bescom services will be available in public domain. \"All alerts regarding services will also be made available on the website. This will keep consumers updated,\" he said.Bescom officials say that the number of registered contacts has now gone up to 80%. \"So we are all set to get started. The service should begin within two months from now,\" said Nagalakshmi.The facility will update consumers on billing dates, payment received, power cuts and restoration of services among others. It will also help improve the quality of Bescom's service. According to officials, detecting power failure was earlier done manually, but now computerized system will keep check on power cuts and ensure power is restored quickly. \"With RAPDRP, the site of power cut and its reason will be found out within seconds, ensuring quality service,\" said Nagalakshmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16963565", "title": "Congress urges Parrikar to repair Panaji bus stand", "text": "PANAJI: Congress party spokesperson Sudip Tamankar has urged chief minister Manohar Parrikar to repair the Panaji bus stand, which is in a pathetic condition, instead of only making announcements of projects worth crores of rupees.Tamankar was reacting to an announcement made by Parrikar during the anniversary of the Kadamba transport corporation (KTC) at the Panaji bus stand on Wednesday.\"First government should repair the existing bus stands and then make big announcements,\" he added.Reacting to a statement made by Parrikar that he wanted to quit politics because various people were making allegations against him, Tamankar said that people have realized that Parrikar had betrayed their trust.Tamankar also alleged that Parrikar, who has opposed fancy number plates on vehicles, also drove a car with fancy number plates when he went to attend Benaulim MLA Caetano Silva's birthday.Congress party also demanded that Kala Bhavan at Mapusa, which is a long pending demanded of the people, should be immediately completed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16960491", "title": "Top Haryana government official checks security for global ministers' meet", "text": "GURGAON: Ahead of the 12th Indian Ocean Conference of Ministers of 19 countries, being held in Gurgaon, the chief secretary of Haryana held a meeting with officials of the district administration and police officers on Thursday.P K Chaudhery, the chief secretary, visited the venue of the high-profile event and discussed all the aspects relating to safety and security with the officials.The event will be held in Hotel Oberoi from October 29 to November 2 and over 100 foreign delegates are expected to participate in it.A source in the district administration said that the chief secretary went straight to the hotel to take stock of the arrangements for the event. Senior police officers gave details of the security arrangements for all foreign delegates to the chief secretary. The foreign delegates would be staying in four hotels and the local police will deploy reinforcements.\"The routes of the VVIPs have been planned and police personnel will be dotting every nook and cranny of the venue and the places where foreign delegates are staying,\" said a senior state government official.The police are also coordinating with officials of the Ministry of External Affairs for finalizing the security set-up for the event in Gurgaon. At the hotel, the senior officials saw the exact sitting arrangements for the conference, and the entry and exit points of the hotels.\"All the places have been checked from the security angle and police have been strictly instructed not to allow anyone without mandatory entry passes,\" said another district administration official.During his visit to Gurgaon, the chief secretary also held discussions about the steps taken by the civic agencies to improve the road infrastructure in the city.Last month, Chaudhery had given 30 days to the city administration to get rid of all potholes, repair pavements and make streetlights functional.On Thursday the chief secretary also visited the places where road repair work has been done by HUDA and the MCG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16965765", "title": "Pangode burglary: Police find suspicious fingerprint", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The fingerprints collected from the Pangode Residents' Cooperative Society indicate that only one person had entered the society to commit the burglary that was reported on Monday. According to police sources, all the fingerprints collected from crime scene, except one, belonged to the employees of the society.However, the police have not yet identified the print as the process of matching the prints with the database of the police would take time.A senior police officer, who is a part of the investigation team, said that this indicates that only one person might have entered the society to commit the theft.\"But this does not mean that the entire operation was a one-man job. The other members of the gang might have stayed outside and provided help,\" the officer said.The culprits had used gas cutters to cut the cross bar of the windows and also the lock of the strong room's door. Gas cutters are equipped with heavy components such as a gas cylinder that are impossible to be carried alone.\"Also, the thieves had also taken the machinery back along with the loot, which shows that more people were involved,\" he said.He also said that the cyber wing of the police has also been pressed into the probe to examine the details of the mobile phones that were used in the locality during the days in which the crime was suspected to be committed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16965137", "title": "Ashwin replaces Harbhajan in top bracket of BCCI contracts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rising off-spinner R Ashwin on Friday replaced out-of-form senior tweaker Harbhajan Singh in the top bracket of BCCI's list of central retainership contracts, while struggling pacer Ishant Sharma was also demoted from Grade A to B.Harbhajan and Ishant have spent the better part of this year out of the team struggling for form in whatever chances they have been handed.The 26-year-old Ashwin, on the other hand, has played eight Tests since making his debut in November last year, grabbing 49 wickets. In the recent home series against New Zealand, he had taken 18 wickets in two Tests.In the ODIs, he has scalped 56 wickets in 40 matches. The Chennai-bowler has 12 wickets from his 15 Twenty20 International appearances.The elite Grade A features nine players this year, three down from the last season, according to a press release issued by the BCCI.With the retired duo of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman out of the equation Ashwin was only new name in the top bracket, the players in which are paid an annual retainership of Rs one crore.The likes of veteran Sachin Tendulkar , under-fire skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni , the struggling opening pair of Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir and fading pace spearhead Zaheer Khan retained their Grade A contracts.The in-form Virat Kohli , middle-order batsman Suresh Raina and Yuvraj Singh completed the top category, all three retaining their contracts.In Grade B, the BCCI has offered contracts to eight players, three more than last season with batsman Rohit Sharma being the only one to have retained his contract.Pacer Irfan Pathan, who is on a comeback trail after quite some while in the wilderness, has been given a contract along with young players such as Ajinkya Rahane, Cheteshwar Pujara and Umesh Yadav, all of whom have been elevated from Grade C.The players in Grade B are entitled an annual retainership of Rs 50 lakh.In the Grade C list, a demoted Ravindra Jadeja has replaced off-colour pacer S Sreesanth. All-rounder Yusuf Pathan, pacers L Balaji and Ashok Dinda have come in replacing the likes of Jaydev Unadkat.In all, the BCCI has offered contracts to 37 players, which is the same as last year.The list of BCCI contracted players:Grade A: Sachin Tendulkar, M S Dhoni, Zaheer Khan, Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Suresh Raina, Yuvraj Singh, Virat Kohli, R Ashwin.Grade B: Harbhajan Singh, Ishant Sharma, Pragyan Ojha, Rohit Sharma, Cheteshwar Pujara, Ajinkya Rahane, Irfan Pathan, Umesh Yadav.Grade C: Ravindra Jadeja, Amit Mishra, Vinay Kumar, Munaf Patel, Abhimanyu Mithun, Murali Vijay, Shikhar Dhawan, Wriddhiman Saha, Parthiv Patel, Manoj Tiwary, S Badrinath, Piyush Chawla, Dinesh Karthik, Rahul Sharma, Varun Aaron , Abhinav Mukund, Ashok Dinda, Yusuf Pathan, Praveen Kumar, L Balaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16963168", "title": "A great land fraud, claims complainant", "text": "BANGALORE: Social activist TJ Abraham complained to the special Lokayukta court that in 1995, when HD Deve Gowda was the chief minister, the state government and a consortium headed by Ashok Kheny entered into an MoU for the construction of a road of international standards between Bangalore and Mysore.As per a framework agreement signed subsequently, the consortium was ready to invest Rs 522 crore of Rs 1,500 crore required for the project, while the remainder was to be raised through loans.Abraham claimed the consortium was unable to pay even the initial deposit of Rs 10 crore to the Karnataka Industrial Areas Development Board for the proposed acquisition of land for the project. He submitted that 1,931 acres were allotted on an annual lease for Rs 10 per acre.Soon afterwards, the land was mortgaged with ICICI Bank to raise Rs 150 crore, of which Rs 10 crore was paid to KIADB in 2003. By then, the acquisition of lands notified had gone up to over 4,500 acres in Bangalore alone.Of the 4,500 acres, 1,931 acres were government land and the rest belonged to farmers. KIADB acquired private land for the project and transferred it to Nice through sale deeds, Abraham alleged.\"Kheny therefore allegedly got 4,500 acres of land transferred in the name of his company without investing a single rupee from his pocket,\" the complaint alleged.For land acquired from farmers according to a 1997 notification, KIADB is paying a compensation of Rs 6 lakh per acre as per the then market rate. \"Nice is now selling the same land at Rs 3.5 crore per acre,\" Abraham alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16965551", "title": "Tediousa admission processes in schools put parents in fix", "text": "LUDHIANA: As the festival season picks up and exams of the present academic session approach closer, the worries about tedious admission processes in schools have started troubling parents. It is not just the shrinking number of seats, but also the confusion over implementation of the Right to Education Act guidelines, which has made the admission procedure tricky and unsure.While the schools are not sure if they have to reserve 25% seats for economically weaker section as per the RTE Act, they have started distributing admission forms among parents, who are eager to find a seat for their ward in the best schools and confused if the seats available for general category will be cut short. Reportedly, most of the schools will be following the last year's admission criteria as they are yet to receive a formal notification from the government, though they have agreed to follow the RTE guidelines.Gurleen Kaur, officiating principal of Ram Lal Bhasin School, said, Since we have received no orders to follow the RTE guidelines yet, we will continue with the last yeara's admission criteria.DAV Public School principal R S Patial said, The schools have still not been explained formally how to implement RTE provisions during the admission procedure, so we will go by our usual admission procedure. We have no reservations in following the RTE Act once we receive the formal guidelines though.The other concern among many parents is facing the interaction session before getting their kids admitted in any top school. We will face an interview session for our daughter's admission for the first time. I hope we don't ruin her chances for a good education because of our nervousness, said Preeti Chabbra, 26, a homemaker from BRS Nagar.Greenland Public School director Rajesh Rudra said,The implementation of RTE is still not clear with schools. We will give away admission forms on first come, first serve basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16965218", "title": "Four tokay geckos rescued in Manipur\u2019s foothills", "text": "IMPHAL: A joint team of Imphal West district police and People for Animal (PFA), Thoubal rescued four tokay geckos kept in a cage at a taxi stand in Langol foothills here on Wednesday.Following a tip-off on the sale of the rare reptiles in the Langol areas, a joint team of PFA members and cops rushed to the area. They found a cage abandoned by smugglers and poachers at the parking, police said.This incident came barely a fortnight after Thoubal cops intercepted a whooping 30 geckos during a frisking at Waikhong village in Thoubal district.In the face of the reported smuggling of tokay geckos from Manipur to some southeast Asian countries, the wildlife crime control bureau has already urged the ministry of forest and environment to include the reptile species in the endangered scheduled animals' list under the Protection of Wildlife Act, 1972.Owing to their reported medicinal value, tokay geckos are highly demanded in some of the southeast Asian countries and a smuggler can easily fetch up to Rs 20 lakh for a matured gecko, weighing 200 grams and measuring 14 inches in these countries.Wildlife experts, nevertheless, said that there is no scientific proof to substantiate the medicinal value present in these reptiles.On Wednesday afternoon, the rescued four reptiles were produced before mediapersons at Imphal police station. Lourembam Biswajit, managing trustee of PFA Thoubal told them that the rescued geckos are currently being kept at their custody temporarily.\"Within the next couple of days, we, in consultation with Manipur forest department experts, will release the four geckos into the wild,\" Biswajit said, adding that nearly fifty geckos have been rescued since the last four months from different parts of the state.Under the Protection of Wildlife Act, there are six schedules, which give varying degrees of protection. The rare brow antlered deer found in Manipur is listed in Schedule I, the most endangered species in the mammal category.Once tokay geckos are listed among the scheduled animals, more protective measures can be taken to save the reptiles, said forest officials. To check the reported cases of smuggling of the reptile species, forest authorities in Mizoram, Assam and West Bengal have been alerted, they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16963027", "title": "Get set for a laugh riot", "text": "It's going to be one comic riot this weekend as some of the ace standup comedians in the country, including Sorabh Pant, Kunal Rao and Nitin Gupta will bring the city down with their witty anecdotes and double entendres. \"This is the first time we are going to perform in Coimbatore and we are quite excited about it. It's going to be a fun-filled evening with a lot of madness and mayhem,\" says Kunal.The show will have vignettes from life in their unique brand of wit and perspective. \"Among the four of us (Sorabh Pant, Sapan Verma, Sahil Shah and Kunal Rao), we have lined up few standup acts. This will be followed by a sketch comedy, which is a series of comedy scenes called sketches. The comedians will take up the role of few personalities and weave them into small skits. It's going to be a two-hour show laced with some on-the-spot jokes.\"Sorabh, who will be essaying the fictitious characters, says, \"We will be doing snippets from day-to day life. I will also be acting like few ridiculous celebrities. For instance, one of the characters I will be essaying is that of Arindham Chaudhari, who is a de-motivational speaker. I will also be doing a comedy on Nehru's tryst with the destiny speech on the eve of Pakistan's independence and a character called Barraun Obama. I will wind up with a personality called Sorabh Pun, who is an anti-comedian and cracks the world's worst sexual innuendos.\"Though, the jokes will be primarily in English, there will be dollops of Hindi. That doesn't mean these funny men will spare south India from their digs. \"We will be ridiculing the choice of item girls in southern films and talk about misinformation including how every south Indian is known as Madrasi up north, when that's not the case. It will be melange of many facets of the south.\"That's not all. Apart from these funny men, who will make you laugh till you pass out, Nitin Gupta aka Rivaldo, will ensure that he has the audience eating out of his hands. Unlike Sorabh and Kunal, Rivaldo has performed in the city before and is excited to be back with a new bunch of witty anecdotes. \"I have been told it's a mixed audience from various spheres with a median age of 40. My show will be a little about current affairs and a little about affairs. Unfortunately, there will not be any Rajinikanth jokes.\" Nevertheless, it looks like the show will get the audience hysterical with its insane amount of energy and humour.Humour Society Coimbatore in association with The Times of India is organizing Laughathon 2012 on October 27 at 5.45 pm at Le Meridien, Avinashi Road, Coimbatore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "16960579", "title": "Back from Pak jail, depressed software engineer reunites with mother", "text": "ATTARI: The agonizing wait of seven years came to an end on Thursday for a hapless mother, Hansa Kantilal Parmar, as she embraced her son, Bhavesh Parmar Kantilal, a Mumbai-based software engineer, who was repatriated by Pakistan on completion of his sentence on Thursday, via Attari border.\"Mamma mil gayee,\" was all 32-year-old Bhavesh could say during the emotional reunion with his mother at the Attari border.Bhavesh, in a fit of depression, had boarded the Samjhauta Express from Amritsar in 2005 and was arrested in Pakistan on arrival of the train.Hansa Parmar came to know about the whereabouts of her son three years later in 2008 when she was approached by sleuths of the Intelligence Bureau (IB).Wearing a salwar-kameej and sporting a red jacket, Bhavesh later said that he had mistakenly boarded the Samjhauta Express from Amritsar and had fainted before reaching Pakistan.He said he used to communicate with his mother through letters and that he was treated well by the jail staff in Lahore's Kot Lakhpat jail.\"I am so happy. I came all the way to Attari almost crying,\" said Bhavesh.His mother Hansa, who broke down on meeting her son, said, \"These tears are of happiness. I have finally got my son back.\" However, gripped by fears about the mental status of her son, Hansa Parmar said she was worried about her son and would get to know his exact mental condition only after a medical examination.\"I am happy that I have met my son after seven years, but I wish Pakistan had deported him immediately after his arrest, since he was innocent,\" said Hansa, who was accompanied by Krishan Hegde, an MLA from Mumbai.Bhavesh, a resident of Vile Parle, used to work with a multinational company in Mumbai when his father was diagnosed with cancer. He resigned after his company refused to grant him leave.\"Bhavesh was dedicated to his father's treatment, but he passed away in three months' time,\" said Hansa, adding that after losing both his job and father, Bhavesh went into severe depression.As per local traditions, Hansa went to her parents' house after the death of her husband.\"I had told my neighbours to take care of Bhavesh, but one day I was informed that none of the lights of the house was switched on. So I came back, but didn't find Bhavesh,\" said Hansa, adding that she didn't lodge a missing FIR for her son as she thought that he might have gone in search of a job.\"We started making efforts to bring him back from Pakistan when we came to know that he had been jailed,\" said Hansa.There was immense support pouring in for the release of Bhavesh when his case was revealed.UK-based advocate Jes Uppal had reported Bhavesh's case to the UN, Amnesty International , Human Rights Watch and to Vile Parle MLA Krishna Hedge, who had been working for the repatriation of Bhavesh.In July 2012, Pakistani advocate Awais Shikh had met Bhavesh in Kot Lakhpat jail and had obtained his signature to file a mercy petition with President of Pakistan, Asif Ali Zardari .Hegde said they would take Bhavesh to Mumbai on Friday night after completion of formalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16960943", "title": "GP2 doing more harm than good to F1?", "text": "NEW DELHI: GP2 is the feeder series for Formula 1, a series where drivers are groomed for a future in F1 by racing at circuits and in set-ups that make it easier for them to adapt. But if seniors in the paddock are to be believed, then GP2 is doing more harm than good.Jenson Button , who told Lotus driver Romain Grosjean to \"sort his s*** out\" after the Japanese Grand Prix, feels there are too many accidents in GP2 that go unnoticed. Grosjean, who has been involved in nine accidents in 14 races, is a driver who raced in GP2 prior to joining F1.\"Everyone is trying to impress, especially when it's their first year in the sport or second year,\" Button says. \"Most of the drivers involved in these incidents are drivers who want to move to a bigger team that give them better possibilities, better chances. Some of these accidents shouldn't have happened.\"I think it starts in the lower Formulas, that's the problem to be honest. The cars are becoming stronger, more safer, so people take more risks. They don't think they're going to get hurt. GP2, it's a competitive series which is great and we enjoy it. But there are a lot of accidents and drivers bring that to Formula 1,\" Button, who's currently number 6 in the drivers' championship, pointed out.Ferrari's Felipe Massa echoed Button's point of view, laying the blame squarely on the feeder series. \"For sure, these drivers came from GP2. There it's very normal to see such accidents,\" the Brazilian stated.\"It's important for them to understand and learn how to race. These accidents have shown that they need to be a little bit more calm. Grosjean is a very good driver, young and quick, but he lost so many points in the first corner. You don't win a race at the start. You have more to lose than win in the first corner. It's not a one-lap race, you know,\" he adds.Nico Rosberg , who also drove in GP2 with best friend Lewis Hamilton , however came to his ilk's defence, saying: \"Young guys have to learn fast when they get in F1.\"Grosjean, who has felt the heat a lot more than usual recently, has decided to curb his enthusiasm . \"We are happy to lose a couple of places at the start to avoid accidents; it's not the end of the world. It is the first step of the approach.\"I plan to follow this approach to the end of the season,\" he grudgingly promises, before adding, \"Drivers are already starting to take advantage because they know I am under pressure. But it is alright as long as I am not involved in another incident.\"It's not just the physical crashes that Grosjean has had to deal with, but also the backlash that accompanies it.He told TOI that he used to work with a mental trainer for a couple of years and had to do that again this year.\"When you go too fast in your career there is more pressure and every mistake is given too much importance. I used to work with a mental trainer from 2005 to 2007 and spoke to one last month as well. It's a cycle, one incident and then a few but I wasn't to blame for all of them. You start to ask yourself questions and lose self-confidence after some time,\" he shrugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16963450", "title": "Loose soil delays boulevard work", "text": "BANGALORE: The landmark boulevard along MG Road will soon be back. And, this time on a firmer ground.The reconstruction of the boulevard, which had been pulled down to facilitate construction of the eastern line of Namma Metro, is taking time. The delay has been attributed to the loose and poor quality of soil at the site. The Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) is taking no chance and is reinforcing the ground so that the boulevard stands firm.The boulevard reconstruction, contracted to Rajiv Gandhi Rural Housing Corporation and Karnataka Land Army Corporation at an estimated cost of Rs 5 crore, has already missed several deadlines due to the problem. The last missed deadline was March 2012.The boulevard is coming up under Namma Metro elevated track and along the boundary wall of Field Marshal Cariappa Park. Initial tests revealed that the soil may not be able to withstand concrete structures. BMRC then took up the work of refilling soil to reinforce the ground. Yet, some independent structures like the toilet near Anil Kumble Circle are still sinking. Work is on to fix the toilet problem.A BMRC official admitted that the boulevard construction delay is due to poor condition of the soil.He said the construction of foundation structures and a walkway at the first level have been taken up in such a way that the loose soil does not have any impact on them. \"But the entire process is time-consuming,\" he added.The loose soil has been taken care of vis-a-vis the elevated structures of Namma Metro like the piers and track. Resting on a hard rock-bed, the pier foundations are tall enough so that they are visible above the ground surface.The Metro station and tracks are designed to last 180 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "karur", "code": "16961380", "title": "Three killed in car-truck collision in Karur", "text": "KARUR: Three people were knocked to death in a car-truck collision near Karur on Thursday morning. The ill-fated people - Manoharan, 48, his wife Vairam Gandhi, 46, his brother Balasubramaniam, 40, sons Kannan, 24 and Rahul, 21 - were on their way to Thirunallaur Saniswaran temple. The couple and his brother Balasubramaniam, who was at the wheels were killed on the spot, while the other two sons were grievously injured.The family of five people started their journey from Om Ganesh Nagar in Coimbatore's Veera Keralam in the wee hours of the day. When the car they were travelling, reached Karapalayam near Karur at 7am, it hit against the cement-laden truck coming in the opposite direction. Baramathi police rushed to the spot and admitted the two injured to Karur government hospital.Meanwhile, the truck driver, who has not been identified fled the scene. Police have registered a case and are on the lookout for the driver of the vehicle. Manoharan was a record clerk in the psychology department of Bharathiyar University in Coimbatore, while his wife was a former councillor in the Veera Keralam town panchayat. Their elder son Kannan was working as software engineer in a Thiruvananthapuram company while Rahul was a first year B Com student at a private college in Coimbatore. Balasubramaniam was a real estate agent.Police said the truck driver swerved his vehicle on the right to avoid a pit on the side of the road when it accidentally hit the car head-on. The truck was coming from Ariyalur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16959404", "title": "CA convicted for causing hijack scare", "text": "NEW DELHI: A chartered accountant who had caused a \" hijack scare\" aboard a Goa-Delhi Indigo flight three years ago \u2014 claiming he was involved in the Kandahar hijack and had infected needles with him \u2014 was convicted for the \"terrifying act\" on Thursday.District judge I S Mehta held 45-year-old Jitender Kumar Mohla guilty under section 3(1)(d) of the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against Safety of Civil Aviation Act of 1982 dealing with offences on board an aircraft and various other sections of the Indian Penal code. Under these offences, Mohla faces a maximum punishment of life imprisonment.While reserving its order on the quantum of sentence for October 30, the trial court judge said Mohla was aware that his hijack claims would have endangered the safety of the 160 passengers and the crew members on board.\"The intimidation of the crew by the accused, who claimed to be a DGCA official and threatened he would report against the cabin crew for allowing passengers to move about in the aircraft, and claimed he was involved in the Kandahar hijacking and terrified crew members by showing a pen to be needle, shows that he had pre-requisite culpable intention,\" the court said.However, Mohla was acquitted of charges under the Anti-Hijacking Act as nothing incriminating was found in his possession when he was arrested. \"There is no evidence on record to show that the accused entered the cockpit,\" the judge said.CA claimed he had hijacked IC-814While convicting Jitender Kumar Mohla, the court relied heavily on the statement of the crew-members, pilot and other passengers on board. \"The statements of the passenger witnesses, though not consistent on every point, cannot be overlooked... because the passengers were sitting on their respective seats and the accused was going to another seat and giving instructions... claiming he was a DGCA official, a sky marshal and godfather of aviation,\" the court said.On February 1, 2009, Mohla had sparked panic among the Goa-Delhi Indigo flight's crew members by claiming he had hijacked the plane.The prosecution claimed Mohla had also warned crew members that he was one of the accused in the infamous hijack of Indian Airlines flight 814 in 1999 and was carrying needles by which he could \"infect\" others if they resisted.According to police, Mohla's behaviour had led the pilot to send a hijack alert, leading to a panic at the Indira Gandhi International airport. The plane made an emergency landing and was kept in isolation for two and a half hours. An FIR was registered on the basis of a complaint made by an air-hostess and Mohla was arrested the next day.The court said that even if it is presumed that Mohla had no intention of hijacking the plane, he still knew he was on board Indigo flight 6E334 carrying 160 passengers and his \"terrifying act\" against the cabin crew members would endanger the safety of passengers as well as the aircraft.During the trial, Mohla's counsel had claimed he was falsely implicated as the crew members were scared that he would send a bad report against them after he claimed to be a DGCA official and scolded the air hostesses for letting passengers walk around while the seatbelt sign was on. The counsel claimed Mohla acted in good faith and that the hijack story was concocted by the crew as an afterthought.The court, however, rejected the contention saying \"what is claimed by the accused in defence is that the act done by him was in good faith and situation was normal, which does not seem to be correct\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16960515", "title": "Why not prohibit protests near government hospital, Central railway station, asks high court", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has asked the Chennai police commissioner to consider prohibiting demonstrations and road blockades at the Memorial Hall, opposite the Rajiv Gandhi Government Hospital and near the Chennai Central railway station, within six weeks.A vacation bench comprising Justice K K Sasidharan and Justice N Kirubakaran gave the interim direction when a public interest petition filed by advocate K Ashok Chakkaravarthy came up for hearing on Thursday.The PIL, pointing out that the Memorial Hall junction had important facilities like the Central railway station and the government general hospital, said more than 1.25 lakh people visited these places daily. Demonstrations at the junction impeded the movement of ambulance, patients and passengers.Faulting the city police for permitting political parties and other organizations to hold demonstrations at the place, the PIL said such avoidable events led to traffic pile-ups further choking the already busy Poonamallee High Road. While any delay in ambulance service would prove fatal to patients, many a time passengers miss their trains owing to traffic snarls, it said.Chakkaravarthy said he had sent a representation to the police commissioner detailing the hardships faced by passengers, patients and road-users, but there was no response. He wanted the court to direct police not to grant permission for any agitation, rally, dharna or protest meeting within a 100-metre radius of the government hospital.The court has now asked the city police to consider the petitioner's representation dated October 19 and pass appropriate orders within six weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16964746", "title": "Campaign is on to oppose Muda\u2019s development plan", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Grahakara Parishat (MGP) will launch a post-card campaign to prevent Muda from implementing its new Comprehensive Development Plan (CDP).According to MGP members, the new CDP has no concrete plans to tackle various problems of the city. Their first objection is about the conversion of agriculture land. Speaking about the campaign with TOI, MGP founder-member Bhamy V Shenoy said: \"This is a democratic country. People's voice has to be heard and we are uniting people to raise their voice against illogical plans. The campaign is bound to succeed.\"According to Mysore Master Plan's document 2009, agriculture land surrounding the city was 12,168 hectares, and the same will be reduced to just 945 hectares by 2031. \"Such a planned destruction to turn Mysore into a concrete jungle has still not sunk into the thoughts of Mysoreans,\" added Shenoy.MGP members complain that Muda's draft master plan has failed to consider five crises with regard to water, traffic, garbage, education and heritage, and ways to check them.MGP is interacting with other associations, institutions and people about the campaign. It is expecting to collect 10,000 people's request to chief minister to drop the current plan.Shenoy said that they want the civic authority to involve world-class engineers to plan the project. \"Let them redo the project and plan efficiently. The five crises being faced must not remain same in the coming years,\" he added. Members had contacted Muda authorities and urban development secretary Amita Prasad through mails. \"But Muda authorities were critical about our critical writing,\" he added.MGP is trying to reach people through the word of mouth, telephone and social-networking sites. Shenoy has already mailed a post card to the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16963164", "title": "Kin clueless about Dharwad doctor held in Riyadh", "text": "BANGALORE: The family members of a Dharwad doctor working in a Riyadh hospital alleged that he was illegally picked up by Saudi Arabia police in connection with the recent terror modules busted by Bangalore police.They said Dr Osman Ghani, 36, was arrested by Saudi Arabia police following a directive of the Central Crime Branch of Bangalore police. He was picked up around 2pm on October 8 from his workplace, National Guard Hospital, in the Saudi capital of Riyadh.B Dayananda, joint commissioner of police (east), said they were not aware of any such person or arrest. The family plans to file a habeas corpus petition in the Karnataka High Court.\"He was picked up from the hospital and some people came to his house and took away his laptop. My daughter-in-law, Rashida, was not told why they taking Osman or where he was being taken. I've been appealing to the Indian and Saudi Arabian agencies to release my son or at least tell us why he was arrested,\" said Osman's mother Fathima Khan.The family is also demanding consular help for Dr Osman. \"It's been 17 days since he went missing. We have no information where he is. Even if he was caught for an offence, he has the right to get legal help. Consular access was provided to Indian traders arrested in China but not Osman. Why then these double-standards?\" asks his mother.According to sources, Dr Osman was arrested based on the statement of one of the accused, Dr Nayeem Siddique from Davanagere, in the terror plot case. His family affirms he is not guilty.It's also alleged Dr Osman was arrested during the 2008 Bangalore blasts case but released after questioning. According to his brother, Musthafa Khan, Dr Osman was on the verge of losing his job as he had to skip many surgeries for these interrogations and he moved to Riyadh after he got a clean chit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "bangkok", "code": "16960875", "title": "14th century Hindu temple, Bali\u2019s largest, discovered", "text": "BANGKOK: Archaeologists believe they have discovered the largest ancient Hindu temple ever found in the Indonesian island of Bali.Construction workers were digging a new drainage basin near a Hindu learning center on Jalan Trengguli, in east Denpasar, when they struck a large stone structure one metre underground, the Jakarta Globe reported.A large stone plate was excavated , the first of many discovered at the site. The Denpasar Archeology Agency took over the excavation and uncovered an 11-metre-long structure. \"We will continue until (the whole structure is revealed),\" said Wayan Suantika , an official in the agency.Suantika told reporters that judging by the square structure's similarity to ancient temples found in east Java, it likely dates back to the 14th century, the paper said. \"The strengthener layers in between the stone plates were another characteristic usually found in 13th or 14th century (structures),\" he said.Local residents also found ceramic wares and stone plates at the site, Suantika said. \"This discovery is the largest stone temple found in Bali,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16961189", "title": "Reward to find Indian baby abducted in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Philly police continued with its search to find the kidnapped 10-month-old Indian girl, as it joined hands with the Telugu community to announce an award of $30,000 for information about the infant.Saani Venna was abducted in a Philadelphia township on Monday, during which her grandmother Satyavathi Venna , 61, was killed by the unknown kidnappers.A large number of people including those from the Indian American community attended a candle-light vigil in memory of the Satyavathi.Meanwhile, the police and the FBI continued with their intensive search operation.\"This is not a typical homicide investigation,\" district attorney Risa Vetri Ferman said. \"We also have the search and rescue operation,\" she added. She also said investigators were being guarded with information as, \"We do not want to do anything to jeopardize the child's safety.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16964326", "title": "Danapur cantt hosts 6K migratory birds this year", "text": "PATNA: Danapur cantonment located on the outskirts of Patna, the second oldest cantonment in the country after Barrackpore (West Bengal), has been a silent witness to the visit of rare species of migratory birds known as 'Asian Open Bill Storks ' since pre-independence era.Ornithologists or environmentalists visit the place every year and watch activities of these migratory birds. For army men, these birds are like their own 'siblings' as they care and nurse them with love and compassion. According to noted environmentalist Tarun K Roy, these birds are of rare species, mostly found in India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, Thailand and Cambodia. They fly down to Danapur cantonment from far-off places for centuries as they find this place safe for themselves. They come here for nesting in June, heralding monsoon every year. Once their eggs are hatched, they fly back to their native place with the onset of winter in November, he said, adding a study revealed that their number was 3,000 when they arrived in cantonment this year. However, their number has gone up to 6,000, he said.According to Roy, the Asian Waterbird Census (AWC) revealed that the number of Bill Storks could be about 59,897 in south Asia while its number was about 13,036 in India in 2006 -2007. However, the number of these species is on the increase now in the country due to better patronage and care for them at a place like Danapur cantonment, he said.According to a colonel-rank army officer of Danapur sub-area, army men have learnt to live with these birds. Perhaps it is due to their attachment to these birds that army men have carved out specific areas as an ecological park where human activity and movement of vehicles are completely prohibited. \"Army men not only protect them from hunting and poaching but also feed them by their own hands. In case of injuries to these birds, army men make special arrangements for their treatment,\" he said.Many bird lovers call them 'Siberian Cranes', which provide a visual delight to army men, civilians and bird lovers. Cantonment area is their temporary abode from June to November every year, Roy said, adding better environment, greenery and the Ganga attract these migratory birds to Danapur cantonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16962524", "title": "India's role in bringing stability in Afghanistan will be very helpful: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Emphasising on India's cooperation for developing stability in Afghanistan, US defense secretary Leon Panetta said here that India is an important country in the region and whatever India can do to bring stability in Afghanistan would be very helpful.\"India is an important country in that region. And obviously, whatever India can do to try to help develop stability in that region, both working with Afghanistan as well as Pakistan, would be very helpful to the prospects of peace in the future,\" Panetta told reporters on Thursday during a Pentagon news conference.Talking about Afghanistan, Panetta said their goal has always been an Afghanistan that can govern and secure itself and that can be a sovereign and independent country in that important region of the world and one that is sufficiently secure so that al-Qaida never again finds a safe heaven from which to conduct attacks on our country or anyplace else.\"That's the goal. And that's the kind of Afghanistan that I think we're trying to work towards and I think it's the kind of Afghanistan the Afghan people want to have for the future as well,\" Panetta said in response to a question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16959905", "title": "Biker thrown off flyover, falls on vendor, both killed", "text": "KOLKATA: A racing spree among three bikers has sent a 26-year-old youth plunging 30 feet to his death off the Lake Town-bound ramp of the Ultadanga flyover in the wee hours of Wednesday.The deceased, Indrajit Tewari, was thrown over the guard wall of the flyover after his bike, running at 100 kmph, rammed into it. An ice cream vendor, who was sleeping beneath the flyover, was also crushed to death after the biker fell on him. One of the pillion riders also succumbed to his injuries, while another pillion rider is still battling for life.Police said around 3.15am on Wednesday, Tewari, son of a trader at New Market, was driving his two-wheeler along the Ultodanga flyover. Two of his friends \u2014 Dilip Sahni (20) and Vivek Gupta (22) \u2014 were with him. Police claimed that they were drunk and the bike was heading towards Lake Town from E M Bypass at a high speed. Suddenly, it lost control and rammed into the side wall of the flyover. \"Probably in the last moment, Tewari tried to apply the disc brake of the vehicle. Both pillion riders flung around three yards away from the vehicle, but they fell on the flyover,\" said an officer at the Lake Town police station. Following the collision, Tewari was flung over the guard wall of the flyover and he fell straight on the pavement of the Salt Lake-bound flyover. Police said that none of them were using helmets.Incidentally, an ice cream vendor, Sajal Debnath, was sleeping on the pavement. Tewari fell on him. Both Tewari and Debnath sustained serious injuries,\" said an officer. On the other hand, two pillion riders were also seriously injured. All four were taken to Bidhannagar State General Hospital at Salt Lake, where Tewari, Debnath and Sahni were declared dead.In another accident, a 29-year-old S Sankar, a resident of Santoshpur Avenue, died after veering his two-wheeler on to the pavement of Santoshpur Jorabridge on Wednesday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "new delhi/ gurgaon", "code": "16960323", "title": "Power 'feeder' for city highrises soon", "text": "NEW DELHI/ GURGAON: Haryana will soon launch two key reforms in power distribution in urban areas. The state-owned electricity discoms are to kick off \"reliable feeders\" for electricity supply to condominiums, other residential and commercial zones in urban areas, particularly in Gurgaon and Faridabad. The second plan is \"bulk supply\" of power to RWAs at the entry point of residential areas and in this case the residents' bodies would be responsible for internal distribution and bill collection.While the first proposal is being mooted by the two state-owned discoms, the second one has been proposed by the state electricity regulator. Sources said that the discoms would soon submit their views on this proposal. \"Since power distribution infrastructures are already laid inside condominiums and the residents' bodies maintain them, it won't be a bad idea to supply them power from a feeder at the entry points. The billing would be at the bulk supply level and the associations responsible for bill collection cannot charge more than the tariff fixed by the power regulator,\" a senior Haryana government official said.Inthe case of \"reliable feeder\" scheme, chairman and managing director of two state-owned discoms, Devender Singh, said that the average unit cost would be higher by, say, around Rs 7 or Rs 8 per unit. \"But there would be at least 95% reliability so far as power supply is concerned. This high cost would be much less than the cost of electricity generated from gensets or even with inverter back-up,\" he claimed.At present, some of the condominiums in Gurgaon and Faridabad charge as high as Rs 14 per unit for back-up power supply. Failure on the part of discoms to ensure assured supply would invite penalty. \"We have already got requests from residents' welfare associations located on Sohna Road and in South City. Those going for open access scheme would also opt for this,\" a senior DHBVN official said. Open access scheme means a bulk consumer can purchase power directly from any part of the country and can use the distribution network by paying a certain fee.Singh said the discoms would take this proposal to the Haryana Electricity Regulatory Commission (HERC) and would invite suggestions and objections from consumers.He added that after the proposal of handing over power distribution to a private franchisee at the city level failed to take off, now the discoms have prepared a plan to try \"feeder level franchisee\" where two models would be tried. In the first case, the private players or cooperative societies can take up the entire responsibility of distribution and revenue collection of a particular feeder for a certain years. The second model would only be handing over the responsibility of revenue collection from consumers. \"In both the cases, our aim is to reduce losses,\" Singh said.At present, while each unit of electricity costs about Rs 7 to the discoms, the average revenue per unit is Rs 4.5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16961863", "title": "Dalit injured in Junagadh police firing", "text": "RAJKOT: A potentially explosive situation has been created just ahead of the assembly elections in Gujarat with a dalit youth being shot by a police officer on Thursday after community members scuffled with police over an accident in Junagadh. This will only add fuel to the already raging dalit fury in the state over three youths being killed in police firing in Thangadh last month.The latest victim, Sagar Solanki, 26, was shifted to a private hospital in Rajkot after his condition deteriorated. A mason by profession, he is the nephew of local Congress councilor Geeta Solanki. The bullet pierced him in the back on the right side close to the spine and came out through the stomach.Trouble started after a state transport bus hit a car with five dalits in it near Kalva Chowk in Junagadh town, leading to a heated argument between the driver, the conductor and the dalits. Ghanshyamsinh Zala, police inspector of B-division police station, who was passing by, intervened in the fight.\"Sagar brandished a knife and started quarrelling with Zala when he tried to mediate,\" Junagadh superintendent of police Dipanker Trivedi told TOI. \"Zala received some knife wounds on his leg. Meanwhile, a mob started swelling. Zala fired two rounds in the air to disperse the men. When this did not help, he fired one round at the mob.\" Sources said the town is tense after the incident. Many among the dalits feel they are being unfairly targeted by the police. Congress dalit leaders have already reached Junagadh.Three dalits in Thangadh were killed on September 22 and 23. The cops had opened fire after the community had clashed with Bharwads. Eight dalits have also been booked for attempt to murder in the violence. This had let to dalits organizing protests across the state. In Surendranagar, they had turned violent and set ablaze two state transport buses.Dalits, who were traditionally Congress voters, had shifted allegiance to the BJP after the 2002 riots. There is a growing fear in the BJP that the community may vent its anger against the party in the upcoming assembly election. The community constitutes 7% of the state's population, but the numbers can go up to 22% in select constituencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16965943", "title": "UP to use Italian expertise for developing leather clusters", "text": "LUCKNOW: A delegation of leather technology experts from Italy will visit Uttar Pradesh (UP) in December to help set up two mega leather clusters in the state. These clusters are being planned by the state government under a Central scheme for development of integrated leather parks through special purpose vehicles, promoted by leather entrepreneurs.\"Italian experts have agreed to help in setting up of leather clusters using latest technology in the state,\" said Infrastructure and Industrial Development Commissioner (IIDC), Anil Kumar Gupta, after his return from four day trip to Italy to study the model of leather industrial units and clusters in Italy. He also said that mega leather clusters are being managed successfully in Italy and an Italian delegation of leather industry would visit UP in the first week of December.The UP delegation lead by IIDC visited tanneries, effluent treatment plants and met officials of Italian leather Council. The delegation also visited leather cluster comprising of 300 tanneries at Vigevano. The study tour was conducted after UP government gave approval to develop two green-field mega leather clusters at Sandila in Hardoi and at Ramaipur in Kanpur last month.Proposed to be equipped with world-class infrastructure and cutting-edge technology, the leather clusters are expected to bring in an investment of around Rs 2000 crores to UP. Integrated leather parks would be developed through special purpose vehicles promoted by leather entrepreneurs under a government of India scheme for development of mega leather clusters. UP Industrial Development Corporation will make available land for these projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16961909", "title": "Many government junior doctors falling prey to TB", "text": "HYDERABAD: The packed corridors of government hospitals are turning out to be the biggest occupational hazard for doctors on duty with many falling prey to infectious diseases. As many as 22 cases of tuberculosis have been diagnosed among junior doctors in the last two years at Osmania and other state-run hospitals including NIMS. Senior physicians point out that the incidence of tuberculosis among young doctors is becoming disturbingly prevalent over the last few years unlike earlier when hardly any doctor was diagnosed with the dreaded disease.While no study has been conducted to gauge the magnitude of the problem faced by the healthcare professionals so far, TB prevalence among the medical fraternity is being pegged at anywhere between 10% to as high as 30% presently. While senior doctors are also affected, a chunk of the sufferers are junior doctors and nurses who are the first point of contact with patients in public sector hospitals. Doctors say not only are they precariously close to patients but the government has also failed in providing them with even face masks.Face masks are provided to those deputed in the acute medical care units, respiratory intensive care units and casualty. There are no masks provided to those attending to the heavily crowded outpatient departments.Last week, a junior doctor was diagnosed with cranial TB. Earlier, another young doctor suffering from pulmonary TB was admitted to Chest Hospital for two months due to the severity of her condition. \"I am one of the several victims who have undertaken treatment for TB. In my batch alone three doctors have contracted tuberculosis and taken the stipulated six to eight month treatment. In the intensive phase, they went back home,\" said a junior doctor at Gandhi hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16964537", "title": "Ranthambore tiger kills forest official in broad daylight", "text": "JAIPUR: In a blow to the otherwise friendly terrains of the Ranthambore tiger reserve, an assistant forester was on Thursday morning attacked and killed by a tiger in the Kala Peela Pani area. The forester Gheesu Singh was with a group of laborers and had gone inside the forest for repairing a road damaged in the monsoons when male tiger T-24 attacked him from behind, grabbed him by the neck and hauled him away.Singh hailed from Jaipur and had just returned to the forest after purchasing a motorbike for his son.Chief minister Ashok Gehlot has announced a compensation of Rs 20 lakh for Singh's next of kin. In fact, even UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi is said to have enquired about Singh and his family and urged the government to do all it can.This is T-24's fourth attack in three years. Earlier, the mauled body of a boy was recovered from behind the Jhumar Bawri area and it was suspected that T-24 was behind the attack. Two more instances were recalled by officers of the forest department when T-24 had probably attacked and killed a woman and attacked and injured a forester.\"Gheesu Singh along with some laborers had gone in to the forest for a road repair work near route number 1. The tiger, T-24, was sitting in a bush some 10 yards away and attacked him. Later, Singh's body was recovered from the Kala Peela Pani area. The body was not mauled but there were canine marks behind his neck and on his back,\" said state forest and environment minister Bina Kak.Kak, who has been keeping tabs on the situation, added, \"I had spoken to the CMO to keep a helicopter on stand-by mode in case we had to take Singh to a better hospital for treatment. But the forester was already dead by the time his body was traced,\" she said.Tiger attacks in Ranthambore are not uncommon with instances galore of villagers venturing into the jungle for fire wood in the morning or evening having been attacked by tigers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16960866", "title": "Court rejects time-barred complaint", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A metropolitan magisterial M N Shaikh has rejected a complaint by a company about dishonour of cheque by not condoning delay of 82 days in filing the complaint.As per case details, Brijnand Kumar had deposited a cheque of Rs 5lakh with Tamarind Info Pvt Ltd towards security of their contract as a share holder and for holding the position of director. When Kumar resigned, the latter deposited the cheque in a bank for realization. But, it bounced due to insufficient balance in Kumar's account.This dishonour of cheque led the company to issue a notice to the executive. Kumar through his lawyer K M Paul replied to the notice saying that the cheque was not issued towards any legal debt, but towards security of the contract. It was contended by Kumar that the company tried to realize the cheque to harass him.The company lodged a complaint under the Negotiable Instruments Act with the court. However, the complaint was not filed within the stipulated period of 30 days after the incident, instead it took 82 days for the company to complete the legal procedure. This led the court to reject the complaint by not condoning the delay.This was because the court did not accept the company's argument that it was waiting for a compromise to take place in the meantime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16963860", "title": "Durga consigned to water, Ravana to flames", "text": "KANPUR: Dussehra day marked the end of Durga puja and beginning of Diwali festivities on Wednesday. While idols from pandals across the city were carried in a procession and immersed in the Ganga, effigies of demon king Ravana were torched to symbolise victory of good over evil.Early in the day, it was a poignant moment of parting as Durga puja pandals prepared to carry the goddess out for immersion. 'Sindoor khela' (play of vermillion) and 'visarjan' (dispersal) marked the end of the four-day Durga puja utsav on Wednesday. Devotees to the beating of drums and chanting of 'bhajans' and praise for 'Maa Durga' bid adieu to the goddess in an entourage.With over 100 'puja samitis' celebrating the festival in the city this year, all the Ganga ghats were crowded with hundreds of devotees saying goodbye to the goddess on the last day of the four-day festival.Men, women and children, holding pots containing smouldering 'loban/guggal' and coal, danced in front of the idols in reverence to the goddess. Hundreds of trucks carrying huge and decorated Durga idols made their way to Gola Ghat and Sarsaiya Ghat to name just two.Huge crowds of devotees stood on the river banks to catch a glimpse of the immersion while others sang, danced and beat dhaks on the trucks carrying the idols.\"The puja brings such excitement and laughter! After the nonstop celebrations and special 'pujas' and rituals every day, bidding farewell to Maa Durga is difficult,\" said Pritha Bir, a local Bengali.She added that everybody felt a void bidding goodbye to the goddess. But the last goodbye has been waved with the hope that 'Maa Durga' will return again next year, to fill our lives with joy and colour.Authorities of Kanpur Nagar Nigam (KNN) had made special arrangements at various city ghats to make the 'visarjan' process as smooth as possible. But presence of several unregistered Durga puja committees gave organisers a tough time. They faced trouble managing the crowd. Devotees had to be told constantly to move away with their trucks once their 'visarjan' process was complete and make way for others in line.Meanwhile, members of local NGOs and social working organisations also urged people and Durga puja committee members to bury the idol Visarjan from next time to save Ganga from getting polluted.Later In the night as Lord Ram killed Ravana at various Ramlilas enacted across the city, effigies of the demon were burned at a number of places including at homes in different localities. Thousands gathered at various city-based Ramlila grounds and cheered when effigies of Ravan, Meghnad and Kumbhakaran went up in flames. The effigy burning was followed by a spectacular display of fireworks.Flashy lights, exciting joyrides, delicious fast foods and handicrafts that catch the eye lured residents to the Dussehra melas organised at prominent spots of the city, including Parade Ground, Lajpat Nagar, Kidwai Nagar, etc.\"The sequence of fireworks burning continuously makes me visit the mela every year. It is the first time none of the effigies was enforced with less then a thousand small and big crackers, rockets and explosions. The sight of Ravana burning was a treat to the eyes this time,\" said Mohit, a student.Huge crowds of children and elderly persons were seen at fairs in the city's 'Ramlila' ground. A large number of makeshift stalls vending toys, household goods and fancy items were the center of attraction for visitors. Another highlight of the fair were the stalls serving chaat and other edibles at the fair'.Besides the artistes enacting the epic Ramayana on stage, performance by folk artistes has been entertaining the elders, youths on the other hand have been getting pictures clicked posing against cutouts of trendy dresses and fireworks on the dome of the effigy of Ravana.\"Dussehra Mela is fun. Watching Ravana burn is good but other attractions are the colorful handicraft by craftsmen from the nearby villages displayed in stalls,\" said Mitali Mishra a housewife and local of Birhana Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16961075", "title": "Vatva lift death: Was it a Human folly or machine malfunction, experts to find out", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Was the lift responsible for the death of eight-year old Khushi Parmar on Tuesday night or was it human folly that caused the mishap? A team of lift inspector, forensic expert and policemen visited the Panchratna Residency on Hathijan road on Thursday and conducted some experiments to know whether the lift was faulty.The Vatva GIDC police have already filed a case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder against two builders, chairman of the society and elevator company that installed the lift in the residency. Officials said that steps will be taken against the accused after report of the experts.On Tuesday night, Khushi, daughter of a probationary police sub-inspector, had taken the lift from the ground floor to second floor. She might have taken the lift back to reach the ground floor when she got stuck between the second and first floor because the door opened while the lift started moving upwards, crushing her between the lift car and lift well. By the time she was taken out by the Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) half an hour later, she was dead.GV Gohil, inspector of Vatva GIDC police station, said that they are trying to establish how the accident took place.\"As per the complaint by Khushi's father, the incident took place as the lift door could be opened even when the lift was in motion. Thus, we roped in the experts to know what the reason was for the accident. If found guilty, the lift installers and flat administration can be booked,\" he said.MK Patel, the lift inspector of Ahmedabad, was not available for comment. Forensic science experts however said that quality of the lifts installed at various high-rises in the city is questionable. \"Stringent norms are necessary to avert these accidents as many multi-storey apartments are coming up in the city,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16958483", "title": "Pilgrims continue to throng Indrakeeladri", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Pilgrim rush is continuing at Indrakeeladri even on the day after Vijayadasami festivities as devotees taking 'Bhavani mala' are thronging the temple. With the turnout exceeding expectations, the pilgrims suffered in the queue as temple authorities did not make adequate arrangements. In fact, the temple authorities were ill-equipped to manage the huge rush of devotees after the festival. Temple officials, who relaxed themselves after the peaceful conduct of festivities, swung into action around Thursday afternoon and deployed additional staff to manage the crowd.Devotees queued up at the temples till the evening. Authorities are expecting the rush to continue for another day. The celestial boat ride (Teppotsavam) of Sri Durgamalleswara Swamy was conducted in the river waters on Wednesday, the last day of Navrathri celebrations.The temple priests took the processional deities from temple to Durga ghat amidst chanting of Vedic rituals and mantras around 5pm. The temple authorities and police were concerned about the weather playing spoil sport just before the beginning of the Teppotsavam. However, the officials heaved a sigh of relief with everything going as per the plan.Meanwhile, thousands of locals from Vijayawada and the neighboring Guntur district rushed to Prakasam barrage to witness Teppotsavam, keeping the police on their toes.Police had a tough time with jostling the crowd on the barrage. District collector BPM Jyothi, city police commissioner N Madhusudan Reddy, temple EO N Raghunath were on the Hamsavahanam (special boat) used for Teppotsavam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16963015", "title": "Standing panel to consider road repair and signage proposals", "text": "NAGPUR: Proposals on tarring and widening of five roads, providing proper traffic markings and dress code for health officials will be on the agenda when standing committee of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation meets on October 30.The proposals for tarring of major roads are worth Rs 1.80 crore. Of these, the patch from Kamptee road to Mecca Road is in bad shape. The civic administration has already allocated Rs 50 lakh and now requires standing panel's nod to start the work.Similarly, there was no tarring work on Ma Bamleshwari Road near Pilli River since laying of the road some two decades ago. The panel will give its opinion on administrative proposal to lay tar road worth Rs 30 lakh in Ma Bamleshwari Nagar.It will also discuss civic administration's proposal worth Rs 30 lakh to paint important traffic signages. At present, no proper signage on roads exposes the road users, particularly four-wheeler drivers, to arbitrary booking by the cops. Though these markings are mandatory at all traffic light points under Motor Vehicles' Act, it seems the NMC and traffic police are not much concerned about their absence. While NMC occasionally repairs the roads, it pays little attention to signage and markings.TOI had found that at many traffic junctions, stop lines and zebra crossings either had not been painted or were faded. The markings were absent even at such important junctions as Law College square, Variety square, Rani Jhansi square, Telephone Exchange square, Agresan Chowk, Sakkardara square, Tukadoji Putla square and Chhatrapati Square. Traffic police claimed it was NMC's duty to ensure proper markings and signages.A senior official of NMC traffic engineering department admitted to TOI that of the 140 traffic junctions, over 85 were without signages. He claimed they too were helpless as the standing committee was least interested in the matter and never allocated funds for the work. He pointed out that the amount of Rs 30 lakh mentioned in the proposal will not be enough. With that, NMC could only paint signages at around 30 junctions, he added.The proposal of dress code for health department officials will also be placed before the standing panel. Sky blue colour saree and blouse will be the dress code for women employees, while men will be provided with brown pants and white shirts. For this, NMC will spend over Rs 25 lakh. The civic body will purchase the fabric from Maharashtra State Handloom Corporation, while blouses and shirt-pants will be got stitched from Nagpur Central Jail.Following reports by TOI over Pilli River safety wall, standing committee will also mull a proposal of Rs 49.59 lakh for its construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16965062", "title": "Seasonal diseases are avoidable: Experts", "text": "PATNA: With summer making way for winter in a subtle manner, the number of people making rounds to the doctors is on the rise. Common cold , influenza, coughs, stomach upsets, allergies and reddishness of eyes are some of the most visible symptoms of viral infections rampant these days.In fact, seasonal sickness has become a spoiler amid Puja festivities. Though the weather is pleasant, this is the time when people, especially children, develop seasonal diseases.Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) director Dr Arun Kumar said, \"The instability of weather results in various respiratory disorders and viral infections leading to cold, cough and flu.\" He added unhygienic condition of various roadside eateries, whose number increases in festival season, also causes stomach disorders such as diarrhoea, dysentery and vomiting.\" He also advised that though it's not yet time for warm clothes, thick cotton clothes should be worn if one ventures outside during early morning or night.Some of the major transmitters of seasonal diseases are abro-virus, respiratory syncytial virus, influenza and para influenza virus. Noted physician Padma Shri Gopal Prasad Sinha said most of the diseases in this season such as viral infections or dengue are airborne and not due to change in temperature. He recommended avoiding cold winds and covering nose and mouth with handkerchief when around sick persons.Noted gynaecologist Manju Gita Mishra said, \"The prevalent seasonal diseases can be avoided with small precautions such as avoiding refrigerated water, air conditioners and even fans if desired.\"DOsClothe yourself suitablyShun roadside eateriesUse handkerchiefs to cover nose and mouth if unwell or near a sick personExercise to increase stamina and improve immune systemGo for a balanced dietDON'TS? Exposure to cold wind? Using air conditioners? Consuming refrigerated water? Consuming ice-cream and cold drinks? Exposure to dust and pollutants", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16963741", "title": "Health department starts campaign against food adulteration in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The medical health and family welfare department on Thursday kicked off a campaign against food adulteration and collected samples of sweets and mawa from different parts of the city.Teams of the medical health and family welfare department swung into action and inspected sweet shops and restaurants to collect samples of suspected adulterated food items.Chief medical health officer (Jaipur I) Dr OP Thankan said, \"We have collected the samples on suspicion. The samples will be sent to laboratories for testing. It will be only after the test reports that we will be able to comment whether the samples were adulterated or stale food items and not good for health. Within 14 days we will receive the report of tests of samples.\"The department officials collected samples of sweets and paneer from Aunty cafe in C-scheme, Hanuman Dairy at Ghat Gate, Ganesh Misthan Bhandar and Veer Misthan Bhandar in Moti Doongri area.In the rural part of Jaipur, the department took seven samples of sweets from Bhakrota and Bassi area. The department official said the campaign against food adulteration would continue till the end of the current festive season in mid November.Officials said the on finding that a sweetshop owner or restaurant owners are involved in food adulteration and selling food products which are adulterated and not good for health, an FIR would be lodged against such traders and vendors.Health director Dr B R Meena said there will also be a check on chocolates and biscuits imports. \"The packets of chocolates and biscuits without expiry date will be destroyed.\"The department has also made it clear that action would be taken against chief medical health officers if adulterated food items are recovered in the area under their jurisdiction.Further, the health department officials would check milk products, dry fruits, ice creams, toffees, pickles and various other food items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-10-26"}
