{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15400200", "title": "Opposition set to corner govt during monsoon session of Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has said that the government is ready to discuss all issues on the floor of the House under the rules.With the opposition set to raise the issue of Assam violence, the Prime Minister said the government will make a statement in the House.Manmohan Singh hoped that all parties would cooperate in the smooth conduct of business and that Parliament will be used as a forum for meaningful dialogue and discussion.The session will be a test for the new home minister Sushilkumar Shinde, who has been made the Leader of the Lok Sabha following the exit of Pranab Mukherjee , who was the chief troubleshooter of the government for eight years.Sushilkumar Shinde said he was ready for any discussion in the House.The monsoon session of Parliament promises to kick up a lot of heat and dust as opposition parties have announced to raise issues like communal violence in Assam, rising prices, economy and drought.The Assam issue could generate a lot of heat as Congress and the opposition are expected to indulge in charges and counter charges.The Opposition parties have also given notice that they would raise the alleged spectrum and coal bloc allocation scams as also the controversial Aircel-Maxis deal and the handling of the railway portfolio by Trinanmool Congress, especially in the context of the Tamil Nadu express accident recently.Pune blasts as also the collapse of the power grid in the north and the east are among the issues that are likely to be raised to pillory the government.With the monsoon playing truant in several parts of the country, the focus would also turn to the drought situation amid demands for a national water policy and a better deal for farmers.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396458", "title": "Plan panel wants govt to retreat from healthcare", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a move that has angered the health ministry, the Planning Commission has asked for reversal of the long-standing public health policy from the 12th plan onwards ending governments' dominant role in providing health services and transiting to greater privatization of the health sector, something along the lines of the 'managed care' system which is followed in the US and Mexico.The health ministry has taken a tough stance against what is referred to as \"corporatization of health care\" and will send a strong reply on Wednesday to plan panel deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia arguing that \"the first priority should be to strengthen the public health system and involve the private sector only for critical gap filling\".The letter from health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad says that \"the private sector should not substitute but actually supplement the public sector\".TOI accessed a draft, finalized at the end of July, of the 12th five year plan's health chapter which sketches the dramatic policy reversal that would bring in universal health insurance coverage by allowing a selected 'network' of private and other operators to sell their services on competitive basis to the government for which they would be paid on what the health industry calls 'capitation' basis or simply on fixed rates for different treatments for every person handled.The plan panel's prescription visualizes government's role in delivering primary healthcare as restricted to mere essentials like antenatal care, leaving more lucrative medical treatment to the 'managed-care' system where private players will compete with cash-strapped government-run hospitals to run the 'networks'.The commission's proposal runs contrary to what even its High Level Expert Group (HLEG) on health reforms had said as recently as November 2011.The HLEG, headed by Dr K Srinath Reddy, had recommended, \"Purchases of all healthcare services under the universal healthcare system should be undertaken either directly by the central and state governments through their departments of health or by quasi-governmental autonomous agencies established for the purpose.\"In other words, the HLEG recommended that health delivery services should be run by the government and where a need arises, the government can hire private hospitals for which they would be paid on fixed basis. Under this system, the private players would not be competing but filling the gap.The HLEG went against the 'managed care' system that the Planning Commission has now recommended.\"It becomes necessary, therefore, to either explore a completely different approach towards the use of insurance companies and independent agents - more in the 'managed care' framework, where they take on explicit population level health outcome responsibilities or invest further in the capacity of the ministries and departments of health to directly provide and purchase services from contracted-in private providers wherever necessary. We favour the latter option,\" the expert group had held.HLEG will meet on Thursday to discuss the commission's latest proposal.Dr Reddy told TOI, \"We have clearly voted for strengthening of the public sector. We will meet on Thursday to discuss where there is a mismatch between our recommendations and the commission's proposal.\"He added, \"We have clearly said that the public sector needs to be strengthened and should be the main provider of services under the UHC. Where needed, the private healthcare provider could be contracted to supplement these services through a well designed system. Both public and private providers should be monitored by an independent regulator for quality of care so that the entitlement under the UHC is properly delivered through technically competent and ethically correct health care.\"The health ministry, however, is livid. An official told TOI, \"We should not forget the exploitation of patients that goes on in the private sector every day through over prescription and over diagnosis. The health challenges in India's urban and rural areas are completely different. The private hospital chains have no presence in such backward areas facing the worst health indicators. How will they perform there?\"The ministry is also worried that such a move by the Planning Commission will take away \"the few doctors that are still practicing in public hospitals\".\"The National Rural Health Mission needs to be continued. We have invested huge amount of money and planning over the last seven years over it and are finally seeing results. A National Urban Health Mission needs to be floated for the urban poor,\" the ministry said.Sources said at stake in this controversial move is the health sector pie which is set to rise substantially as the government ups its investment in the 12th five year plan to Rs 10,85,369 crore.At present, almost all health funds provided to states are part of the flexible arrangement to help states set public health priorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15398265", "title": "Biker seen on CCTV first lead for cops?", "text": "PUNE: The investigating agencies are looking for a man who they say was moving around suspiciously on a black motorcycle on J M Road around the time of the low-intensity serial blasts last Wednesday.The lone rider, whose images were captured on CCTV, may have strapped the bombs onto three cycles and placed three other bombs by the roadside, investigators said. \"It is also possible that the man may only have placed the three bombs on the road while three more men came on bicycles with bombs,\" they said, reiterating that it was not a dry run but a full-blown terror attack, which fortunately went awry due to flaws in the design of the bombs.The investigators have formed a team to track down the rider, who was also photographed on the parallel Fergusson College Road around the same time by a passer-by, who handed over the pictures to the police. The investigators refused to identify the passer-by and were unwilling to say why he photographed the motorcyclist. They also would not reveal exactly where the CCTV which captured the motorcyclist's images was placed.A senior police officer told TOI that the motorcyclist may have taken the J M Road-Fergusson College Road route. Both roads are one-ways connecting each other at the Garware flyover at one end, close to where one of the bombs went off. Four explosions occurred between 7.30 pm and 8.30 pm that day, while two more bombs were later defused.\"This is not the only lead we are working on,\" the officer said. \"We have other good leads too. But it would not be appropriate for us to reveal the nature of the leads now.\"The state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) has taken over the probe. \"We are going through a lot of CCTV footage taken from around the city,\" a senior ATS officer said. \"Based on the footage and other information, we have questioned several people. However, none of them has been detained.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15398227", "title": "Plus II admissions start in Odisha colleges", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Admissions to Plus II courses in all 1,315 junior colleges of the state started on Tuesday.A few students, who passed their Class X from the CBSE, faced problems in admission as they failed to submit their marksheets to the college authorities. \"Since the state board has a marking system and CBSE has grades there were a few problems in admission. But we will seek marksheets from both boards for admission,\" sources in a college said.\"I had applied for the marksheet to the CBSE board as we had grades. But I am yet to receive the marksheets though the CBSE has dispatched those. We have requested the college principal to give us some time or else our careers will be at stake,\" said Anjana Jena, a student, seeking admission in a Bhubaneswar college.Principal of BJB Junior College, Subhadra Mohanty said, \"I spoke to CBSE officials and they said that the marksheets have been dispatched, so I decided to give the students a couple of days time. Otherwise, the admission process went off very well in our college.\"This year, intimations for over three lakh seats were sent online to 2.55 lakh students. According to the authorities, the process will continue till August 13 and the SC /ST students can take admission on August 18.\"From August 21, students can know about the unfilled seats in different colleges from the website, www.dheodisha.in,\" an official said. Spot admissions in colleges will take place from August 25. Last year, as many as 50,000 seats were vacant in Plus II colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397542", "title": "Engineer held for conning job aspirants", "text": "CHENNAI: Central Crime Branch on Tuesday arrested an engineer who cheated 18 job aspirants of Rs 36 lakh promising them jobs in a multi-national company on OMR. The engineer, C Parthasarathy (28) of Pattabiram, was arrested based on a complaint from P Sivashakthi Kumar of Vadapalani. Police said Parthasarathy, IT graduate, placed an advertisement on a web page inviting applications for placement in a MNC firm. Sivashakthi Kumar, the first applicant, subsequently introduced 18 of his friends. Parthasarathy interviewed them and collected Rs two lakh from each. Later, he mailed them \"appointment orders\" of a company. The victims who went there were sent back saying the orders were fake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396617", "title": "50 more gem merchants will shift to BKC on Friday", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 50 diamond traders will shift office from Opera House to the new, high-security Bharat Diamond Bourse (BDB) at Bandra-Kurla Complex on August 10 ( Janmashtami Day). This makes it the single largest bloc to move from the congested Panchratna area to the spacious, 20-acre trading centre that handles 60% of diamond exports from India.The BDB complex was inaugurated two years ago but small traders were reluctant to migrate owing to its distance from Bandra railway station. The bourse is a well-fortified operational area for the community that has become a target of choice for anti-national elements.Scores of diamond merchants, the biggest names in the business, are drafting invitations for the grand opening later this week. \"BDB is cordoned off, making it impossible for anyone to enter without biometric card validation. Even our committee president is frisked. We have 2,400 cameras trailing every vehicle, visitor, tiffin box, indeed every diamond packet. Robbery will become history,\" says member Amit Shah.Trader Rakesh Trivedi inserts a weekly advertisement in the community newspaper to promote the new bourse.He says, \"The self-contained complex has a customs clearance centre, banks, trading halls and cafeteria on campus.\"Security head Samir Jha says that 375 personnel patrol the complex.Hoping to motivate other merchants, the BDB committee has publicly listed the names of 58 companies in Khau Galli where a bomb went off on July 13, 2011. \"We have hired special buses so commuting is not a problem. Basically, each trader was waiting for the other to make the first move, so I felt it was best to mobilize a mass shift on this auspicious day,\" says trader Rajesh Sutaria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15400494", "title": "Paradesi", "text": "Paradesi is a film written, directed and produced by ace director Bala.Director Bala, who has given us films like Sethu, Nandha, Pithamagan, Naan Kadavul and Avan Ivan , brings to us his new film titled Paradesi . The film promises an unusual script in keeping with his usual style.Paradesi is based on certain real life experiences that occurred in the 1930s pre-independence India. Atharvaa Murali plays the protagonist, while Vedhika C Kumar and Dhanshikaa are the leading ladies in the film.Paradesi has been shot back-to-back in Salur and Manamadurai in Sivagangai district, in parts of Kerala- Munnar and Talaiyar and the forest areas of Kannakarai in Theni district.Director Bala comes together with a talented new team comprising: Music Director G V Prakash Kumar, Cinematographer Chezhiyan, acclaimed writer Nanjil Nadan penning the dialogues and Editor Kishore for the first time.It is noteworthy, that the entire shoot of Paradesi was completed in 90 days. The audio launch and trailer release of the film is being planned for the 19th of September in London . Paradesi will have a worldwide release in both Tamil and Telugu simultaneously in October, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396585", "title": "'Attackers out on bail, threaten my family'", "text": "MUMBAI: Anu Ranjan, president of ITA, has got donors to contribute to help acid victim Sonali Mukherjee's facial surgery. Payal Kapoor, whose husband is a senior official with Western Union Money Transfer, was among those who stepped forward to help.Last Thursday, Anu handed over the funds to Sonali's doctor Sanjeev Bagai at the B L Kapoor Hospital in New Delhi and will monitor her treatment to the end. \"Sonali will be admitted to hospital on August 14 and after a few days of pre-operative care, her first surgical procedure will start on August 19,\" she said.The victim, now 27, is forced to live in a shanty in New Delhi even as she makes frequent visits to hospital. She vividly recalls the night of April 22, 2003, when the family was sleeping on the open terrace of the house. \"Around 2.30am I woke to a sharp burning sensation that engulfed my face and my limbs. The miscreants who had been harassing me for weeks jumped over from the neighbour's roof and doused me with acid. I suffered 70% burns while my sister who lay nearby suffered 20% burns,\" Sonali told TOI over the telephone.\"My life has come to a standstill while the three men who attacked me are out on bail despite having received a prison term. In fact they continued to threaten my family, forcing us to move to another village 50km away,\" she said.The estimated cost of Sonali's treatment is about Rs 30 lakh, of which Rs 7.5 lakh includes the hospitalization charges which the doctors have agreed to waive. The remaining Rs 22.5 lakh will take care of surgeries spread over a period of one year as well as rehabilitation. Sonali requires to be lodged in a single-occupancy room to lessen chances of infection.Mehul Choksi of the Gitanjali Group who pitched in with a sizeable amount of Rs 10 lakh said he was taken aback by the magnitude of Sonali's injuries.\"We were at a meeting to discuss how to take BETI forward when Anu informed us about Sonali's plight. I was horrified to see that even in this modern age, women continue to be subjected to such violence. I felt this was a fit case to contribute to,\" he said.Ramesh Taurani made light of his donation, instead giving credit to Anu for taking the initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15398452", "title": "Zilla panchayat CEO raps officials over delay in water supply schemes", "text": "HUBLI: The officials of the zilla panchayat (engineering division) came under fire at the monthly general body meeting here on Tuesday for not expediting drinking water supply schemes. Egged by the complaining members, chief executive officer P A Meghannavar took the engineers to task for the delay in executing the drinking water supply scheme under the task force project even as the district was facing drought condition.Condemning the attitude of the engineers, Meghannavar said of the Rs 490 lakh released under the task force project, the officials had spent Rs 360 lakh.The remaining Rs 130 lakh had been left unutilized for long.Of the 256 works under this project, 57 were under different stages of construction and 27 works were yet to start. \"The officials have not yet uploaded the information of expenditure on the website. This is negligence to the core\", he said. The CEO instructed the officials to take up the works on priority basis. He also pointed out that the officials of agriculture and statistics departments had not given correct information to the government about crop failure which had resulted in farmers getting lower insurance amount in the district when compared to those in other districts. He asked the officers to collect correct data of crop loss visiting the fields and see that the farmers received maximum possible benefits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15395748", "title": "Fire officer caught taking Rs 50,000 bribe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Tuesday caught a fire officer while taking bribe from a hotel owner in Rani Bagh area for giving fire clearance.CBI sources said Delhi Fire Service officer Rajmal Khokar posted in Rohini had allegedly demanded Rs 1.50 lakh from the owner of one Royal Mirage hotel in the Rani Bagh area. After getting complaint in this regard, CBI officials laid down a trap.When Khokar was allegedly accepting an installment of Rs 50,000 from the hotel manager, he was caught red handed by the team of CBI officials.When contacted, owner of the hotel Vijay Pal Singh said Khokar was allegedly demanding the money for fire clearance from August 2 .\"He demanded Rs 5 lakh from me despite my hotel having a clearance valid till 2014 earlier,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15396752", "title": "3 die as Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology wall crashes on shanties", "text": "BHOPAL: Three persons died, including two minors after a boundary wall and an electricity pole came crashing down on shanties in Durga Nagar slum area in the rain-battered capital on Tuesday morning. About a dozen persons sustained injuries, some grievous ones in the incident that took place in the morning around 8 close to the boundary wall of the Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT).Angry slum-dwellers also held a demonstration against the incident and demanded action against MANIT authorities and compensation. Agitators alleged that earlier also they have pointed out the wall could anytime lead to an untoward incident.Water pressure on other side of the wall after overnight rains perhaps triggered the wall collapse. A few out of a dozen that came under debris of wall, swept away to some distance, but were fortunately saved, an eyewitness said. There were complaints about passing of current in the area after the electricity pole fell with a live wire.The injured were rushed to the hospital, where three were declared dead. The deceased were identified as Kesar Bai, 60, Pankaj, 5 and Shubham 7.The injured included Sunita, Raju, Rekha, Vinod, Puran, Mamta, Anand, Rajesh and Parvati. A newborn boy, who was trapped in debris, is being treated in the Intensive Care Unit.All injured, including those with serious injuries were admitted to district JP Hospital and Hamidia Hospital. Residents of Durga Nagar staged a chakka jam near the Kolar tri-junction. The situation remained tense for some time as the police and representatives of the district administration reached the spot and pacified them.A protest was staged at the link road No. 1 near the state Congress office.The local residents alleged that the administration was slow to react. They alleged officials of the electricity department turned up late after \"the complaint of electricity current\".However, the administration denied allegations, saying all possible help was extended to victims.Home Minister Uma Shankar Gupta later visited the spot and ensured action against those responsible for the incident. Compensation of a lakh of rupees was also announced to kin of the deceased. The local administration also announced to give immediate relief to the injured.\"Temporary shelters have been provided to victims, whose shanties washed away. The investigations are on to fix responsibility of the incident,\" said SP North Anshuman Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15396984", "title": "Childcare centre falling apart, officials turn a blind eye", "text": "COIMBATORE: It's noon. The 30 odd tiny tots under the age of five have just finished their lunch. They are shocked out of the reverie by the sound of hoofs. Ten to 15 goats run in through a hole in the compound wall. They scamper around and turn to the heap of plates kept at the corridor and leisurely start slurping the plates left by the children. which will be used the next day to feed these children.The frightened children watch the animals from a corner.Welcome to the anganwadis on DB Road. Four of these childcare centres run from a corporation-owned plot here are in a pathetic condition. The hole on the wall serves as an entry point not just for goats but also for anti-social elements to sneak in and party at night. For many passersby, the compound is just a convenient spot to relieve.The poor little children who spent the day here have no choice but to bear the stench. They sleep, eat and play inhaling it. In fact, they too contribute to the stench since the ayahs too ask them to relieve in a corner of the compound when they want to pee. Well, they have no other choice because there is no toilet facility at the centre. but the intruders do not have to bother to be subtle and gross sight of human excreta could be sighted near the open windows of the Anganwadi along with broken beer bottles.However, ward councillor K Rangaraj is least bothered about the plight of these children. According to him, money is not to be wasted on the anganwadi. Instead, the corporation should spend it on some commercial venture. \"I am aware of the issue and condition of the children is pathetic. Perhaps, the corporation should start thinking of building a commercial complex on the site which would fetch revenue to the civic body,\" he said. K Rangaraj, councillor ward no 24, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.The anganwadis were started as part of the World Bank-assisted Integrated Child Development Services scheme.Nearly 100 children under the age of five depend on the centre. There are four rooms and each function as a separate childcare centre. The corporation has already fenced out a part of the compound and turned it into a pay-and-park facility. An elementary school that functioned out of the complex was closed down a few years ago.\"Since this is close to my home I leave my son here. But now I plan to shift my kid to a private day care centre,\" said N Murugan, one of the parents. whose two and a half year-old son M Arun Krishnan is one of the kids who come regularly to the Anganwadi.Senior corporation officials have promised to take the necessary steps to improve condition of the anganwadis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396483", "title": "Politicization of festivals irks HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday admonished the \"politicization\" of religious festivals and said they must be celebrated in the proper spirit.\"Our idea of a religious festival is where all communities come together and jointly organize it,\" said a division bench of Justices Sharad Bobade and Mridula Bhatkar. The court was hearing a dispute about Dahi Handi celebrations to be held at Kanoji Jedhe ground in Dombivli.For many years, the festival has been organized by Sena MP Anand Paranjpe. In 2011, after news of Paranjpe edging closer to the NCP, the local Sena sought permission to organize the event this time. The commissioner initially refused permission to both partiesSena as well as Paranjpe's group, Samarth Mandal. However following a letter from the MP, the commissioner on August 5, allowed the Paranjpe's group to hold the function on the ground.It is a religious festival. Amicably settle and jointly organise the event, advised the court. When the parties told the court that there may be a law and order problem, the court said: Don't give threats about law and order problems. the police and the commissioner have enough powers to deal with it.'' The court has asked the commissioner to visit the ground and submit a report to the court whether the permission granted needs to be revoked or modified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15395505", "title": "Noida shooting: Critical driver gets just Rs 5k reward", "text": "NOIDA: Nineteen-year-old Mukesh Kumar, the brave autorickshaw driver who helped police nab two of the three robbers at Great India Place Mall on Monday, is battling for life in the ICU of a private hospital.Mukesh, one of the three persons injured when the robbers opened fire trying to escape, has sustained injuries in his abdomen, kidney, liver and intestine.While the Gautam Budh Nagar police lost no time in announcing a cash reward for constable Giriwar Singh, a cash reward of Rs 5,000 each for Mukesh and the guard Rajesh Mishra was finally announced on Tuesday. Mukesh's family and friends say the compensation is \"too meagre compared to the horror that he is going through.\"\"He is the only son and has three younger sisters to look after. Mukesh's father works in a motel in Rajasthan and his mother and sisters live in their village in Bihar's Samastipur district on their paltry earnings. Mukesh came to Noida a year ago,\" said Ram Prakash, an auto driver and Mukesh's friend.\"While the constable and the guard injured in the incident have sustained minor injuries, Mukesh is critical. Moreover, while it was the constable's and guard's professional duty to nab the goons, Mukesh showed extreme courage in helping the police. The police should show more appreciation and help Mukesh and his family tide over this crisis,\" he said.\"Mukesh's family is very poor. His father is old and makes little money. That's why he had to start working at a young age. His family is distraught at the news and his mother has not spoken since the time she got the news of the shooting,\" said Manoj Yadav, Mukesh's uncle.Mukesh was shot near his right rib by one of the robbers when he refused to let go of him. He was operated upon last evening but doctors say his condition remains critical. \"He has fever and we are keeping a close watch on his condition. He may need another surgery,\" said Dr Saurabh Gahlote, medical superintendent at Vinayak hospital, where Mukesh is admitted.Rajesh Mishra (29) the mall guard was injured in the arm but his condition is stable. He is under observation at the hospital. His wife and three children live in Chapra district of Bihar.Times ViewThe price of courageThe district administration and the government of the state needs to do a lot more for this brave autorickshaw driver. For starters, he deserves it for what he has done. More importantly, leaving him to fend for himself at this stage or offering him or his family token assistance will send out a very wrong signal that the state is not willing to take care of those who go beyond the call of duty and put their lives on the line to serve the greater good. Surely that is not the signal any government or administration would want to send out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15397027", "title": "Cash-flush couple aroused suspicion", "text": "BANGALORE: 'Bhaiyyaa ne maara'. These words of 5-year-old Priya Sharma were the only clues police had in the Cottonpet double murder case.And they knew that Priya called her parents' new employee, Karthik, 'bhaiyyaa' and he was missing.According to senior police officer, sleuths began examining Pavan's cellphone records. They noted the numbers frequently called during the week before the murders when Karthik had joined work. \"Based on some other clues, we narrowed our probe to a few numbers and began monitoring them,\" he said.One lead took police to a bus stop in Chandra Layout from where transgender PK Thammaiah alias Kiran and his companion Ramesh alias Ravi were picked up. The couple had huge sums of money with them. Intense grilling ended in Kiran and Ramesh spilling the beans -- the money was part of Rs 48,300 they'd looted from the Sharmas' hotel after killing them.Kiran and Ramesh told police Syed had left them after the incident and gone to some other city. But police suspect he's still here.SN Sidramappa, deputy commissioner of police (west), said two teams will be dispatched on Wednesday to both Bihar and Assam as Syed is suspected to be from one of these states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396493", "title": "Ex-judge to probe Kirori Mal College principal case", "text": "NEW DELHI: The governing body of Kirori Mal College met on Tuesday morning and \"unanimously decided\" that the charges against KMC's suspended principal, Bhim Sen Singh, will be enquired into by recently-retired Supreme Court judge Justice A K Ganguly.\"We want to ensure everything is above the board. We only want to put this college back in order,\" said a senior university official. Earlier, university officials had said they were going to sue Singh for defamation.Protests at KMC against the suspension continue with students and teachers sitting in dharna from 12 to 2pm every day. But the classes are said to be following the schedule.The staff association members of KMC were to present their case at a Delhi University Teachers' Association (DUTA) meeting on Sunday. That meeting was adjourned and DUTA will now meet on August 9.Singh was suspended on August 1, a day after he held a press conference to discuss charges against the chairman of KMC's governing body, Baleshwar Rai, as well as a court case which, he claimed, involved the registrar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15397357", "title": "August month has not raised hopes of good rain", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A comparison of the amount of rainfall this week with that of the first week of August 2011, shows how deficient the rains have been. Last year it had rained 26.2mm on the second day of the month itself but this time the total rainfall till August 7 has been 6.4mm. Last year August 7 was comparatively cooler than this year with the maximum temperature being 34 degrees celsius and the minimum temperature being 28 degrees celsius.However this year the maximum temperature on August 7 was 36.5 degrees and the minimum temperature was 34.6 degrees celsius.Rains have remained deficient this year but people had been hoping that August would bring heavy rains. However the present trend does not indicate heavy rains as from August 1 to 7, the city received a total rainfall of just 6.4mm whereas in the first week of August 2011, the total rainfall recorded was 49.8mm.The meteorological department has stated that there is a possibility of a cloudy sky and rain and thunder showers in the next 24 hours.\"I was optimistic that August would not let us down but with such meager rainfall till now, all my hopes have been shattered,\" said Raman Chadha of Sector 32.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15397976", "title": "No case yet against professor who damaged doctor's car", "text": "TRICHY: Even after six days of investigation, the Trichy police are yet to register a case against an associate professor for damaging the car of his colleague and vice-principal of KAP Viswanatham Government Medical College (KAPVGMC). However, the Tamil Nadu government doctors' association (TNGDA), Trichy branch, have blamed the dean of the college for preventing the police from registering a case.The row between Dr Somasundaram, associate professor of microbiology, and Dr T Gomathi, associate professor of pathology and vice-principal of KAPVGMC, over downloading of MBBS question papers brought disgrace to the medical education fraternity. The issue gained momentum after Dr Somasundaram damaged the windscreens of her car on August 2 in the college premises following heated arguments between them.Despite taking up the issue with the dean of the college, Dr A Karthikeyan, he was unwilling to take the issue to the police to \"protect the image of the college\". However, the affected doctor lodged a complaint with the police against Dr Somasundaram on August 3. TNGDA also met police commissioner Shailesh Kumar Yadav seeking action against the doctor. But the police are still reluctant to file a case.\"We are perplexed as to why the police are yet to file a case against Dr Somasundaram. We condemn the attitude of the dean for trying to protect the erring doctor by not allowing the police to act despite a complaint by the victim Dr Gomathi,\" Dr S Selvapandian, president of TNGDA, Trichy, told TOI.He also said, \"Dr Somasundaram was always disturbing people in the college ever since he joined the institution six years ago. Despite being aware of the nuisance created by him, the dean never took up the issue with the director of medical education. A women's protection committee was also not constituted so far in the college. The same situation prevails in most educational institutions across the state. If the police do not initiate legal action against the doctor, TNGDA will go in for an agitation,\" he added.Commenting on the charges, Dr Karthikeyan said, \"A three-member committee comprising senior professors submitted their report on Monday after enquiring with the two doctors, a few students who witnessed the scene and clerical staff of the college, on Saturday and Monday. I have forwarded it to the director of medical education (DME), Chennai. Apart from that, I cannot do anything if the police have not filed a case.\"When contacted, CK Gandhi, assistant commissioner of police, told TOI that a case would be filed as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15396533", "title": "Welcome to Bholabhai Chowk!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: He passed this crossroads almost every day for 25 years while he headed Hindi department at the School of Languages of the Gujarat University (GU). Now, the same crossroads has been dedicated to Bholabhai Patel for his contribution to Gujarati literature.The crossroads \u2014 connecting Gujarat University Library, Cept University and Gujarat University Law Bhavan \u2014 has been named Padma Shri Bholabhai Patel Chowk by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ).\"The gesture is a small tribute to the senior essayist and popular travelogue writer Bholabhai Patel's vast contribution to the Gujarati literature,\" says Rajendra Patel, chief secretary of Gujarati Sahitya Parishad.\"Bholabhai used to take poetry-analysis sessions for the students of MA at a roadside tea stall near the crossroads. Many of the students who pass by this junction are naturally reminded of his novel and unique ways of imparting teachings. Keeping these in mind, this crossroads has been rightly dedicated to him,\" added Patel.Bholabhai is best known for his travelogues, translated works, essays and has received several national awards for his memorable and unique contributions to literature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15398512", "title": "Rain inundates low-lying areas in DK, Udupi", "text": "MANGALORE: Torrential rain inundated several low-lying areas in Uppinangady and Subrahmanya and submerged many bridges in Dakshina Kannada district on Tuesday. Heavy rain also caused a landslip between Yedakumeri and Siribagilu stations coming under Mysore division of the Southern Railway leading to cancellation of trains.The landslip at Siribagilu, which had closed the mouth of a tunnel, was restored by 2pm on Tuesday. However, train services are not resumed. Sources said the landslip occurred at 9pm on Monday night and three excavators were deployed to remove the soil from the tracks.The train services will start only after the technical team of the railways inspects the track alignment. Earlier, landslips on the route had disrupted train services for two days. Train no.16518/16517 Kannur -Yeshwantpur - Kannur express via Mangalore Central and trains no.16516 Karwar - Yeshwantpur Express via Mangalore Junction was cancelled on Tuesday.In Uppinangady, low-lying areas were in knee-deep water and water level in Nethravathi-Kumaradhara Rivers was inching towards the danger level. Police control room said at 5pm the water level was a feet below the bridge. The water level in Nethravathi River near Bantwal touched 8.2 meters. The danger level of water in the river is 8.5 meters. On Monday, the bridge over Kannadi Holey on the Subrahmanya Puttur Road was submerged from 2am to 6am and the Kumaradhara Bridge at Subrahmanya from 6pm to 2pm on Tuesday. In Udupi, Seetha River was overflowing at Brahmavar-Handadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15397729", "title": "E Singhbhum health officials on alert after 3 malaria deaths in district", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Three casualties in the past 48 hours have put the district health department on alert with malaria officials trying to rein in the spread of viral brain malaria disease in the district.\"According to the available reports, two persons died of brain malaria in the Tata Motors hospital and one in MGM College Hospital so far,\" said district surveillance officer Swaran Singh adding that adequate measures were being taken to check the spread of the disease.Manisha, a college student, and her brother Ranjit, a school-goer, residents of Patel Nagar, Govindpur died of brain malaria in Tata Motors hospital while a 45-year-old man succumbed to the same disease in the government-run hospital on Monday.The Steel City, which experienced abnormal rise in vector-borne disease in 2011, caught unawares on Monday when three death cases of brain malaria came to the light.The malaria officials on Tuesday said they were carrying out awareness campaign to explain the people about anti-malaria measures along with the cleaning exercise at malaria-prone sites.\"Polluted water is the favorite breeding ground for the cerebral malaria so we are paying more attention to this point immediately,\" said an officer in the malaria cell of the health department.\"The effective way of preventing oneself from falling victim to brain malaria is to keep ourselves and the surroundings clean,\" said casualty ward doctor at MGM Hospital Sandeep Singh.The health department has appealed to the citizens to keep their air coolers clean regularly and ensure there is no garbage piled up in their surroundings and also to see that water does not get accumulated in potholes, petty wells and drains. Suspected cases of brain malaria are coming to MGM Hospital since the incessant rain began last week, said hospital sources.\"Certain zones in the rural areas have been outside the cleaning sweep. Several places under Mango and Jugsalai notified areas (in urban periphery) continues to be prone to malaria diseases,\" said JMM district president Ramesh Hansda, who submitted a memorandum to the district administration on Tuesday, seeking special cleaning drive in the malaria prone zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "15398469", "title": "BIET gets Rs 30 lakh to study herbs", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Bapuji Institute of Engineering and Technology, a Davanagere-based college, has been allotted Rs 30 lakh to carry out a research on 'pharmacological screening of traditional medicines'. The state-run Vision Group on Science and Technology (VGST) has sanctioned the funds under the Centres of Innovative Science Education (CISE) scheme.Bapuji Institute of Engineering and Technology (BIET) is one among the ten colleges identified by the VGST to take up such innovative and indigenous research work, according to BIET director Prof Y Vrushabhendrappa and project adviser Prof S Manjappa. Under the project, chemical engineers Prof CM Kalleshappa and Prof BM Kulkarni will study unexplored traditional plants for a period of three years.The researchers will work towards manufacturing new herbal medicines as an alternative to synthetic drugs which have adverse side-effects.Isolation of active pharmaceutical ingredients to investigate antibacterial, anti-diabetic, anticancer, anti-tuberculosis, antioxidant properties from unexplored herbs will be done on a phased manner, the researchers said. It has been planned to procure a high-end fluid extractor, developed by IIT-Mumbai, at a cost of Rs 20 lakh, to isolate active individual components from the traditional herbs. An intensive survey for unexplored herbs will also be done with the help of ayurvedic practitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15397466", "title": "Civic panel sets revenue target at Rs 639 crore", "text": "NASHIK: The standing committee of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), which had revised the revenue target for 2012-13 by Rs 399 crore earlier, decided to revise it further by Rs 240 crore on Tuesday, thereby increasing the total revision in revenue target to Rs 639 crore.The panel's suggestion has increased the civic budget presented by former previous municipal commissioner P Velrasu, from Rs 1,170 crore to Rs 1,810 crore. The revised Rs 1,810-crore budget is to be presented at the NMC's special general body meeting shortly.The commissioner had advocated a loan of Rs 200 crore for the civic body in the budget. The standing committee has suggested an additonal Rs 100 crore be added to the loan increasing the total loan amount to Rs 300 crore.The committee has presumed that the NMC would get Rs 195 crore as compensation from the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) which is handling the highway widening.The committee has suggested levying of charges to earn a revenue of Rs 100 crore per annum from 24 properties to be developed by the NMC for commercial purposes on build-operate-transfer (BOT) basis. The committee has also suggested revising the rents of its properties as per the market rates to and that will increase the civic body's revenue its the revenue of NMC by an additional Rs 20 crore.On the issue of hoardings, the panel suggested a hike in taxes that would increase the revenue from Rs 56 lakh to Rs 15 crore. Moreover, the provision of Rs 50 crore has been made in the budget to make the Godavari river pollution free.Apart from this, the budget also includes the provision of Rs 35crore for playgrounds, Rs36 crore for the schemes of Woman and Child Welfare schemes and Rs 1crore to conduct a Metro rail survey..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "15397778", "title": "Amravati civic body submits fabricated report to Maharashtra Pollution Control Board", "text": "AMRAVATI: In an indication of its apathy towards environment, Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC) has apparently submitted a fabricated Environment Status Report (ESR) to Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB). After MPCB objected, AMC sent a revised report, which is now under the scanner.The ESR is submitted by every municipal corporation to the state government, which then finalizes funding for development projects. AMC is yet to formulate the ESR for this year, while in May 2012 they submitted ESR of 2010-11, which was copied from earlier versions. TOI has a copy of the ESR submitted to MPCB in May 2012. It does not mention locations of green zones in the city. In fact, officials have copied information from ESR of 2008 and added some fabricated information.After environment officer M Deshmukh was sent on deputation, veterinary doctor Dr Sudhir Gawande was given charge of environment officer. AMC had given the work of drawing up the ESR to Vidarbha Environment Protection Ltd, a Nagpur-based company.It observed that ESR of 2010-11 was copied from the report of 2007-08. In fact, environment officials did not even change the dates while copying information. Some pages were left blank. In May 2012, AMC submitted the copied report to MPCB, which rejected it and asked AMC to submit a revised report. Now, AMC has submitted a report on July 25, which too is under scanner.TOI compared the revised and earlier reports, and found no major changes. A cross check of information from various department of AMC revealed glaring mistakes in ESR, which also does not mention green zones. The data on solar lights installed by AMC in 2008-2011 does not match data given to TOI by various departments. Similarly, ESR mentions 51 employees working in fire department while there are only 46 employees currently.MPCB deputy regional officer BJ Kale said, \"Earlier ESR was bogus so we asked for a revised report. We have received a revised report, but are yet to check it.\" Some municipal councils in Amravati district have not even bothered to submit ESRs for two or three years, he added.Environment officer Dr Sudhir Gawande had no explanation for mistakes in ESR.Environment activists are stunned by this apathy. Vanrai's Madhu Gharad, member of AMC tree authority, said the civic body doest not understand seriousness of ESR. \"AMC appointed a veterinary doctor as environment officer, who has nothing to do with environment issues.\"President of Satpuda Foundation Kishor Rithe said, \"Government should stop funding municipal corporation and councils that do not ensure compliance with ESR.\" Nishikant Kale of Nature Conservation Society of Amravati too said it was shocking that AMC fabricated the report.AMC commissioner N Nawin Sona said the environment officer is on deputation, so a veterinary doctor is holding additional charge. \"We need an expert with technical knowledge to compile ESR. But government is not responding. We will make changes in the report with help from experts,\" he said.He also argued that the government rarely considers ESR while sanctioning funds. \"MPCB too hardly interacts with AMC. It is supposed to sensitize staff and hold training sessions on environment issues, but that never happens,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397540", "title": "CCTV cameras must in all public spots", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Tuesday made 24x7 closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras mandatory in all public places in the city. The security measures have to come up within a month.Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak issued the orders which apply to shopping malls, cinema halls, commercial buildings, shops, company offices, auditoriums, markets, religious structures, hotels, important tourist attractions, exclusive business buildings and historical buildings.\"Owners will have to install CCTV cameras which will store footage for at least a month. All such property owners should install them in a month from August 7 and submit report to ward officers, who in turn will report to the municipal commissioner,\" the press statement issued by the PMC said.The civic body approved the Development Control (DC) rule amendment, according to which commercial places would have to install CCTV cameras and make changes in their structures to improve fire safety and security on their premises. However, there is no compulsion on housing societies to put up cameras.The state government had appointed an experts' committee under former principal secretary of the public works department, M V Merani. It suggested certain regulations to ensure security measures. The special regulations envisaged security outposts, approach roads with sufficient restraints to prevent direct movement of vehicles towards structures, a control room for security and electronic surveillance operations, light controls, fire-safety requirements and buildings with blast-resistant designs.\"Following the German Bakeray and recent JM road blasts, it is necessary to initiate steps to implement proactive measures to avoid disasters. As per the Disaster Management Act 2005, the civic body can initiate steps to protect lives of citizens and hence the PMC has taken this step,\" the PMC's statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15395734", "title": "Moti Bagh flyover to be closed after rains", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Moti Bagh flyover on Ring Road, one of the major links between west and south Delhi, will be partially closed for repair after monsoon. The repair is expected to take two months, with one carriageway being closed to traffic for a month.The public works department (PWD) will change the expansion joints on the flyover, which was built 12 years ago in 2000.With over a lakh vehicles passing over the flyover during the day, partial closure of the flyover for two months is expected to drastically affect commuters along Ring Road and surrounding stretches.Commuters will not have much of an alternative, as other possible routes - Rao Tula Ram Marg and Sardar Patel Marg - are too narrow and choked to accommodate additional traffic movement. The ensuing snarls on Ring Road, which is a lifeline for commuters, is expected to trigger off jams in outer Ring Road, DND, Nizamuddin Bridge, Barapullah and Chanakyapuri, fear traffic officials.PWD has approached traffic police for permission to close the flyover for repair work. \"We have asked PWD to not begin work til the monsoon is over. We are working out possibilities to minimize traffic dislocation. We are considering allowing the one carriageway which will be open to cater to traffic on the direction that has a heavier load. So in the morning it may be open for one direction and on the opposite during the evening ,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.The repair work will entail the changing of the current expansion joints of the flyover. \"These joints had a guarantee of 10 years, while the bridge itself is built for 100 years. The tender for the repair work has been awarded to the same Bhopal-based company that built the bridge,\" said a senior PWD official.The repair process will include changing of the expansion joints and placing concrete on the repaired portion. It usually takes 14 days for the concrete to dry and strengthen and traffic movement to be allowed on it. \"However, we are trying to acquire fast-setting concrete that will dry faster, so that the entire repair process can be accelerated and cause minimum inconvenience to commuters,\" added the official.Currently, the Moti Bagh flyover witnesses heavy traffic movement throughout the day, and despite best traffic arrangements possible, the diversion of traffic is expected to trigger jams from Dhaula Kuan till Nizamuddin Bridge and DND bridge every day.Commuters will have only two options to bypass the Moti Bagh flyover - through Sardar Patel Marg, which is only two-laned and already congested during peak hours and Rao Tula Ram Marg, which is choked with traffic due to the RTR flyover.\"The traffic diversion will possibly affect Ring Road traffic right up till Nizamuddin Bridge and DND. Other surrounding roads are expected to be affected. Last year, when the flyover was being re-carpeted, there were severe jams even though we had restricted the work for the weekends,\" said a senior traffic police officer of the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15398961", "title": "Contractors-officers nexus dodges upgrade", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC's increasing reliance on technology to bring in more transparency in its rank and file and rein in errant contractors, has sparked fear among its ground-level machinery. For, it threatens the nexus between officers and contractors at the ward level. A senior civic official told TOI, \"For years now, contractors have been literally looting the city. The logbook entry maintained at the ward level is a joke. The same entry is duplicated over and over again to ensure that the contractor is supplied with a constant income.\" Corruption at the lower level has always hindered progress, the official said. For instance, before the pothole-tracking software, junior engineers at the ward level had the last say when it came to the quality of work. \"Often contractors would get away with shoddy work and civic officials were not held accountable.\" A former roads engineer told TOI, \"Corruption starts on the ground. No matter how small the work, there always exists an element of corruption. Junior officers are easily bought over by contractors who are allowed to get away with sub-standard work. Unless this nexus is broken, there can be no progress.\"Corporators have similar apprehensions . Samajwadi Party leader Rais Shaikh told TOI, \"The corporation is hitting junior engineers where it hurts. This technology does have the potential to root out corruption at the ward level.But, at the same time, the corporation must ensure that these technologies are implemented well and citizens are motivated to use them. Additionally, the administration should take its corporators into confidence and work with them to rid the system of corruption.\"Congress corporator Asif Zakaria from Bandra said, \"These new technologies are good in principle, but how well can they be implemented? The official at the ward level always manages a way to dodge the system. At the end of the day, the only thing that can help the city is making each and every official accountable, or else all this technology will be reduced to paper tigers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15397531", "title": "Scaling Central tower", "text": "The Chennai Central railway station is a piece of art but is not as secure as authorities claim. Just a day after a 'mentally unstable' man climbed up the spire of its iconic clock tower, a TOI team on Tuesday found there is not a single guard to stop intruders.Entering the 19th century in Gothic Revival style, this correspondent and a photographer climbed to the first floor but then seemed to have reached a dead end. Later, some clerical staff led them to an obscure opening.It was only 4.30pm but the area was completely dark. The flashlight on the correspondent's mobile phone revealed a set of spiral stairs, each just about a foot wide. After a climb of about 15 steps, a spectacular view of the city unfolded. From the entry to the base of the clock tower, not one official had stopped the team.There the fun ended. After Monday's fiasco authorities had put a shiny new lock at the entrance. However, the door looked like it would give way under the slightest pressure. On Monday, a 25-year-old man climbed the clock tower around 2.30pm and remained there until fire and rescue services officials finally got him down at 6.50pm.On Tuesday, railway officials said they had taken measures to prevent another incident of the kind. \"We told the station master to block all entries to the tower,\" divisional security commissioner S R Gandhi said.However, traffic police at the entrance of the station were clearly not amused. \"Even a day after the incident they can't block the entries,\" said one officer. As part of the preventive measures, RPF personnel have rounded up a few old and mentally unstable people from a few stations in the city. \"We rounded up 20 people from Chennai Central and other suburban railway stations,\" said a Southern Railway press release.Security officials said these people were not dangerous. \"The man from Nepal who climbed up the clock tower yesterday did not have harmful intentions to do so. But it is important to block these entries,\" said Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "15397418", "title": "Bareilly officials prohibit usage of loudspeakers", "text": "BAREILLY: In a meeting held, divisional commissioner K Ram Mohan Rao said that the use of loudspeakers were one of the reasons behind the communal tension in the district. Keeping his words in order, the district administration banned its usage in religious functions. Addressing a press conference, DM Abhishek Anand said, \"Playing of heavy duty loudspeakers and DJ systems must be strictly prohibited in religious functions as it could result into communal tension.\" The district magistrate also ordered the law enforcement agencies to take strict action against the people who are found flouting the norms. And acting promptly over the new orders, the administrative and police officers have started preparing the list of shop owners so that they could be informed about the order. He also directed the officials to prepare a list of the localities that are vulnerable to such clashes. ]]", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396237", "title": "AP high on environment index, finishes No 2", "text": "HYDERABAD: Andhra Pradesh could have lost an alarming 281 square kilometer of forest cover (State of Forests Report- 2011) in just a few years and its capital city could be consuming 'C' grade water (as per Central Pollution Control Board) that's not fit for drinking unless treated extensively. Yet, the Planning Commission of India has concluded that AP's environment is among the best kept in the country and its drinking water quality better than most other states in India. In fact, AP is ranked No 2 on the commission's Environment Performance Index (EPI)-2012 compiled last month. The top slot is bagged by Himachal Pradesh.As stated in the survey report, conducted across all 28 states and seven union territories, the EPI is an indication of the \"environmental well-being of a state\". The rankings, the report added, have been decided based on five broad parameters: air pollution, forests, water quality, waste management and climate change. \"All these categories carry a net score of 1. The closer a state gets to this mark, the better is its environmental conditions,\" explained B S S Prasad, special secretary to government (environment). In the case of AP, these scores range between 0.4 and 0.9.Interestingly, the state has bagged the highest mark in the 'air quality performance' category with a near-perfect score of 0.94. It is AP's water that, however, seems to be among the best in the country, according to the Planning Commission. The heaps of sewerage and industrial effluents in its water sources notwithstanding, the state has bagged the fourth rank in this category. It's average 'surface water quality' score is also an impressive 0.74.While AP's 'forest management' and 'climate change initiative' rankings are a relatively poor 10 and 14 respectively, they have not impacted its overall rank. \"This is because the states that precede AP in these two categories are way down the ladder in the other segments,\" said Prasad insisting that, contrary to popular perception, AP's environment is healthy and well maintained. As a case in point he said how the industrial zones of Pantancheru, Jeedimetla and even Visakhapatnam have now been removed from the list of 'critically polluted areas' by the central ministry of environment and forests.While such assurances or fetes fail to cheer residents of the state, it clearly gives the government a reason to smile. This, as AP (because of its high ranking) now stands a better chance of winning itself a larger share of the Rs 1.4 lakh crore approved by the commission for use by states in India. Over and above this, the state is also likely to receive a grant of Rs 182 crore from the government of India, under its environmental scheme, to spruce up its historically polluted sites. The Noor Mahmad kunta (Hyderabad) and the municipal solid waste site (Kadapa) are among them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397783", "title": "Supreme Court again succumbs to corporator's pressure and on pay and park", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite High Court orders on starting a pay and park system at Sitabuldi, the standing committee of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) once again deferred taking any decision at the meeting held on Tuesday following opposition from a corporator.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said that a decision will be taken after holding meeting with corporator Ganesh Pokulwar and shopkeepers. \"We do not want to create panic by implementing the scheme without resolving the issue,\" he said.Confirming about the poor quality of road work done on Subhash Road, Tiwari said he has issued directive for action to be taken against the contractor, RR Constructions. \"Executive engineers will have to face action in case they fail to take action,\" he said.Tiwari added that directives have been issued to spread awareness among citizens about saving water. \"The water works department is not spending single penny despite allocation of Rs5 lakh per year for the last four years for this purpose. Slum-dwellers will be exempted from paying Rs600 for new connections under 24X7 water supply project,\" he said.The other proposals passed in the meeting included increasing the funds to Rs49.72 for beautification of Police Line Takli lake, increase in nature of work and charges to the consultant appointed for rejuvenation of rivers and lakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397736", "title": "Deshmukh leads drive to oust Thakre", "text": "NAGPUR: The campaign seeking removal of Manikrao Thakre from the post of state Congress chief is intensifying with teams from Vidarbha, Kolhapur and Jalgaon gearing up to reach New Delhi to plead their case with party president Sonia Gandhi.On Tuesday, former MPCC president Ranjit Deshmukh sought an appointment with Gandhi on August 9 or 10. He told TOI he had written to over 100 party leaders seeking their support to the demand. \"Of them, at least 50 have agreed to join me in a delegation that will discuss the matter with party president,\" he said adding that teams from other regions were also joining him.Last week Deshmukh had convened a meeting of loyal Congress workers from the region which was attended by MP Marotrao Koswase, MLA Gopal Agarwal and 40 others. At the meeting it was decided that there was need to support chief minister Prithviraj Chavan for standing firmly against the challenges posed by the Nationalist Congress Party and giving clean governance in the state.Deshmukh alleged that Thakre had tried to mislead the party leadership in Delhi by using a letter written to him by some MLAs to present a picture of growing discontent against Chavan within the party. \"The move was nipped in the bud by leaders in Delhi and Thakre beat a hasty retreat. However, there are many in party who want Thakre should be replaced for this act,\" he said.Among those Deshmukh has written to include some ministers and AICC officials. None of them have responded. One of the ministers, in fact, said Deshmukh was desperately trying for his own rehabilitation within the party. State Women's Economic Development Corporation chairperson Prabhavati Ojha said she would not be going to Delhi but is supporting the move for Thakre's removal as the latter had tried to weaken Chavan government. Several MLAs who has signed the earlier letter to Thakre are likely to be in the delegation to clarify their position. Some ministers are expected to depute supporters as they do not want to associate with the anti-Thakre campaign openly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397436", "title": "Woman pays for bid to stall hospital work with false allegation", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman who approached the Madras high court to stall the construction of a hospital in Ashok Nagar has been fined 25,000 for furnishing unverified and false statements. Citing Supreme Court rulings, the first bench of Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam on Monday said parties coming to court must come with clean hands.P Rajeshwari had sought a direction to the Chennai Corporation and the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority to demolish a building being constructed at Block No. 39 in Ashok Nagar and restrain owners from continuing with the construction. She claimed the building was being constructed without obtaining planning permission from civic bodies. The owners had not obtained permission for converting the residential building into a non-residential one, she said.After the court issued notices, civic officials inspected the building and verified records, which revealed that due permission to build a stilt-plus-two-floor structure, had been obtained from the corporation. The authorities told the court that barring minor deviation, the building was as per the planning permission.Irked by the false affidavit, the judges said: \"We have found that in many cases, petitioners make statements, which upon inquiry, are found to be not true to their knowledge, information or belief. This conduct of persons filing writ petitions needs to be checked in order to curtail the practice of filing of malicious petitions.\"Stating that she had filed the petition without any responsibility, the judges said: \"While dismissing the petition, we impose a cost of 25,000 for making a false statement. She shall pay the costs to the member-secretary, Tamil Nadu State Legal Services Authority, within two weeks from today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15400819", "title": "CIC warns SSC chairman for 'utter disregard' of panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief Information Commissioner Satyananda Mishra has issued a stern warning to the chairman of the Staff Selection Commission asking him to send a \"right and relevant\" officer during hearing in a case pending since 2009 failing which he may be personally summoned.Mishra was hearing the plea of Gwalior-based Amit Kumar Jain who sought some information in October 2009 and did not get it within the mandatory one month period following which he filed a complaint before the CIC in December 2009.After delay of nearly three years, when the case came for hearing before Mishra in January, a retired employee appeared on the behalf of SSC who claimed he was superannuated in July 2009 and had no knowledge about the RTI application.Mishra issued notices to the present official, dealing with RTI applications at SSC, Central Public Information Officer, to appear before the Commission and explain the delay in furnishing the information.In the next hearing on February 13, another officer appeared who did not have any knowledge about the case.Irked at the behaviour, CIC issued notice to Chairman SSC to depute the officer concerned having knowledge about the case to appear for hearing. But in the hearing once again same retired officer appeared.\"It is both sad and surprising that, once again, the same officer who has retired in 2009 was directed to appear. This shows complete lack of application of mind and utter disregard of the CIC. We cannot go on hearing this case indefinitely to identify the officer who is guilty of not providing the information in time,\" Mishra pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397296", "title": "Vacant engineering seats on rise in TN", "text": "CHENNAI: There are just 10 days left for the engineering counselling to end and more than 100 engineering colleges in the state have filled less than 10 seats so far. More than 95,000 seats in self-financing colleges are yet to be filled, indicating that the supply has completely overshot the demand this year.No electronics and communication engineering seat has been taken in 57 colleges and all electrical and electronics engineering seats in 129 colleges have gone abegging. About 95 colleges have not filled up a single seat in IT, while 67 colleges have no takers for computer science and engineering seats. Not a single seat has been filled in at least two branches \u2014 industrial engineering and management and material science and technology.Experts following trends expect around 60,000-65,000 government quota seats to go vacant this year, and around 90,000 seats to remain unfilled by the end of the admission season. The counselling absentee rate, which had come down steadily after touching a peak on day one, has again started climbing and is now at 27.71% with an average of 23.53%.\"Students and parents are becoming more brand conscious and look for quality now. Unless colleges make efforts to improve value in these two areas it's going to be very difficult to survive,\" said educational consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi. All but eight seats, including one seat each reserved for SC Arundathiar students and six for ST students, have been filled in government and aided colleges, while in the university department and constituent colleges little more than 1,000 seats remain unfilled.Self-financing colleges are trying to get around the issue by spending lakhs of rupees on advertisements and freebies. \"They request school heads and teachers to recommend their college to students who passed out of Class 12 and offer an incentive. Many a time students and parents seek career counseling from school teachers. Some colleges waive tuition fee for students with low cut-off marks. Some even offer to reimburse the 5,000 students have to pay to take part in the counselling process if they pick their college,\" said educational consultant P Moorthy Selvakumaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15398582", "title": "Patna Medical College and Hospital alumni stand tall", "text": "PATNA: With three Padma Bhushans and at least eight Padma Shri to its credit, the Patna Medical College and Hospital Alumni Association stands tall as one of the most illustrious such associations of the city.The college, which boasts of 125 years of learning and is one of the oldest colleges of the country, had the alumni association formed in 1932. It has over 10,000 registered members.The association is involved in a variety of activities. The most important among them is holding of Continuous Medical Education (CME) programmes. \"Our alumni are spread far and wide and have done some quality research. Here, we in PMCH are also dedicated to research. So, during CME programmes, our alumni gather in PMCH where we share the research with one another, so that everyone can benefit from it,\" said Dr Rajiv Ranjan Prasad, a professor in PMCH and convener of the association. Prasad added the association also organizes various memorial lectures which are addressed by medical experts from across the world.The association also finances the MBBS studies of those 10 students in every batch whose parents are unable to bear the expenses. \"Because of this initiative, the lower strata of society can also dream of pursuing education at such a prestigious college,\" Prasad said. \"However, we sponsor studies on the condition that on getting job, the student will return the money to the association. The student too is so thankful that he returns the principal amount. So, the fund corpus remains intact.\"Apart from gathering for annual reunion, the alumni from across the world also gathers in large numbers on the foundation day of the college on February 25 every year. \"Such is the enthusiasm of the alumni that they don't want to stay in the posh hotels arranged by the association, but in the hostels of the college where they had spent their college days,\" said Prasad. Also, some batches celebrate their silver, golden and diamond jubilees, which see large assembly of PMCH's pass-outs.The association also organizes college week, in which, under the aegis of various societies of the college, extra-curricular competitions are organized, so that the students can relax.Many of the college alumni have been winners of civilian awards. Late Dr M A Hai, Late Dr Dukhan Ram and Late Dr B Mukopadhyaya had been awarded Padma Bhushan. Eight others have received Padma Shri. It was Dr Dukhan Ram who had founded the famous Dr R P Centre for Ophthalmic Sciences of AIIMS, Delhi. Dr. D Priyamvada Tiwari, an alumna of PMCH, recently retired as director of the Institute of Medical Sciences, BHU.Many of the PMCH alumni have also held top posts in the medical wing of the armed forces. Dr C P Thakur, state president of BJP , is a famous alumna of the college. Dr Rajiv Ranjan Prasad himself has been designated as president-elect of the Bihar chapter of IMA for the session 2013-14. \"We just want to contribute as much as possible to the hospital and students' education and hope that the proud legacy is carried forward by the coming generations as well,\" said Dr Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397152", "title": "Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon : Rs 27 crore due from outdoor advertisers", "text": "GURGAON: The Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon has prepared a draft of the reply that it would submit to the district court in the matter relating to outdoor advertisement tax.While hearing a petition filed by mall owners, the court has asked the MCG to file a report on how much money these firms owe to the municipal corporation in form of advertisement tax. MCG commissioner Sudhir Rajpal then constituted a commitee consisting of chief engineer; chief town planner and joint commissioner (headquarter) to prepare the report.According to sources, ever since the MCG was formed four years ago, a majority of private mall and building owners who display wall wrap advertisements on the building have not paid the tax. ,\"According to the calculations, these owners owe MCG over Rs 27 crore in the form of advertisement tax that they have not paid all these years. We hope that the court would direct them to pay this amount immediately,\" said an MCG official.Some of the owners had approached the court claiming that the advertisement charges imposed by the MCG are exorbitant and sought relief from the court. Even though the enforcement wing of MCG regularly conducts drive to remove the illegal advertisements displayed on these buildings, the owners install them time and again. Last week, the corporation team had carried out such a drive at Ambience mall.\"Advertisement tax is one of the biggest revenue generators for MCG and we have not been able to achieve the set target in the budget because the building owners do not pay on time. We don't think our rates are exorbitant and we want the court to resolve the matter once and for all,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15398170", "title": "Odisha rapped for poor energy conservation", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Centre has come down heavily on the Odisha government for poor implementation of Energy Conservation Act, 2001, which makes use of solar water heating systems in buildings mandatory in all states.Though the Union ministry of urban development had in April 1999 asked states to amend building bylaws for mandatory use of solar water heating systems in \"functional\" buildings, the order is yet to be implemented. Sources said the Centre had served several reminders to the state government for its implementation.\"The ministry of new and renewable energy has sought compliance report of its instruction. We have urged the urban local bodies to incorporate the norm by amending the bylaws. The compliance report would be presented at a national-level workshop later this month in New Delhi,\" senior housing and urban development officer Dilip Routray told TOI. The directorate of town planning has been entrusted with the task of coordinating it with the municipal corporations and municipalities in the state. \"The building bylaw is being amended and would be completed soon. We will surely abide by the central directive,\" director, town planning, P K Patnaik said.\"Solar water heating system can help save electricity and other fossil fuels. It can also prevent load shedding during peak hours,\" said a letter addressed to the principal secretary of Odisha housing and urban development department.The Centre has engaged two consultancies which would help urban local bodies in implementing the Energy Conservation Act. The two agencies will also guide municipal corporations in modifying the model regulations and bylaws, sources said. The agencies would visit Odisha soon to organize workshops and sensitize stakeholders about the significance of solar energy .Meanwhile, the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation is in the process of implementing another Centre-sponsored project to develop Bhubaneswar as a solar city for promotion of renewable energy and its usage. Bhubaneswar is among 60 cities identified for it in the country. The entire cost of the Rs 37.37 lakh project would be borne by the Union ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE). The solar city project aims at reducing at least 10% of the projected demand of conventional energy through renewable energy installations. The project would be implemented by categorizing the buildings into residential apartments, commercial complexes, industries, individual houses, corporate establishments and government buildings, sources said. Recently the civic body has launched an environment-friendly LED street lighting system at some parts in the city to cut down on energy expenses by 40%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "15398520", "title": "Complaint lodged in chief judicial magistrate court against MLA", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Thakurganj JD(U) MLA Naushad Alam has been caught in a pincer. Though the district police have given him a clean chit in respect of a complaint filed against him with the Kurli-Kot police station, charging him with demanding 'rangdari' and assault of a road construction contractor's 'munshi'(clerk) and not registering the FIR against him, the aggrieved 'munshi' lodged a complaint case against the MLA in the court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM) and slammed the same charges on the legislator on Tuesday.The contractor's 'munshi' Dinesh Kumar had lodged a complaint with the Kurli-Kot police station in Kishanganj district on Sunday after the MLA, along with his supporters, reached the construction site at Gulshanbhita and demanded 'rangdari' and assaulted him.Kishanganj SP Ranjit Kumar Mishra, addressing a news conference here on Tuesday, said the SDPO Poonam Kesri , who was asked to inquire into the allegations of 'rangdari' (extortion) and assault on the contractor's clerk, had trashed the charges levelled against the JD(U) MLA in the report submitted to him.Besides, the medical report sought by the Kurli-Kot SHO in the wake of filing of the complaint petition with the police station on August 5, also indicated that there was no 'external injury', the SP told.Furthermore, two villagers, Mohammad Shahbaz Alam and Shabbir Hussain, had complained to the PWD executive engineer as well as the local MLA Alam about the irregularities in the construction of 7.5 km long road from Jumangiri petrol pump to Gulshanbhita, the SP added.The MLA, along with his supporters, had gone to the site in connection with the complaint on Sunday. Besides, the law-maker had conveyed to the DM as well as the SP about the irregularities in road construction on Sunday itself, the SP asserted.The SP, therefore, maintained that there was no basis for lodging an FIR against the law-maker. However, finding the police virtually buckling under pressure, the road construction contractor Ravindra Kumar's munshi, filed a complaint case against the MLA and four others in the court of the CJM Manoj Kumar Sinha on Tuesday and slammed charges of extorting 'rangdari' and assault on him. The complaint case was filed under non-bailable sections 323, 147,327 and 384 of IPC.The complainant's lawyer, Pramod Kumar Sinha, expressed surprise that though the Kurli-kot SHO had himself forwarded and sought a medical report on the complainant's injuries, the police dug their heels and refused to lodge FIR against the legislator and his four supporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397229", "title": "Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam should focus on power infrastructure: Residents", "text": "GURGAON: In response to Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam's (DHBVN) scheme to voluntarily disclose load of power connections, residents have demanded that the discom should augment power infrastructure.\"At the time of construction of the house, DHBVN gives power connection after knowing the size of the plot and number of floors,\" said Anil Kumar , a resident of Sector 5. The DHBVN has launched the scheme to get the correct assessment of the power load in the city. The discom claimed that the consumers are drawing more than the sanctioned load and this is resulting in tripping of transformers.The residents, however, blamed the crumbling power infrastructure for tripping of the transformers. \"Ideally the power infrastructure should be installed keeping the future power demand in mind. The consumer is billed for every power unit consumed. If there is any mismatch in power drawn and sanctioned than corrective measure should be taken,\" said another resident.The DHBVN's scheme is open for next two months and the discom is expecting a large number of consumers to submit the details of power load mismatch. \"Instead of finding faults with the consumers, the DHBVN should ensure better power supply in the city. There are several colonies which face voltage fluctuations throughout the day because of poor infrastructure,\" said Rajesh Khurana, a Sector 56 resident.The disclosure scheme will cover all domestic and industrial consumers in rural as well as urban areas. As per the scheme, the consumers will have to declare the extended load by submitting an application and an agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15396796", "title": "Posters warn girls of acid attacks if seen in jeans in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: Posters warning of serious consequences like acid attacks if women wore jeans and tops created panic across the city on Tuesday but police refused to react to the threats and had made no arrests throughout the day.Written in red ink, these posters by a group calling itself Jharkhand Mukti Sangh were seen at Albert Ekka Chowk, outside the office of the registrar and St John School at around 9.30am. They were deliberately penned in red ink to give the impression that they were the handiwork of a rebel group, said police.\"We are not taking the posters seriously as we feel some miscreants are behind them. But we will investigate,\" said DGP G S Rath, adding to the insecurity created among the city's women.\"The police should immediately look into the matter and take action. If they are not booked, it will be very difficult for us to move around freely,\" said a girl student of St Xavier's College. She was furious with the group. \"They are behaving like the Taliban . Recently a khap panchayat also decreed that girls would be punished for wearing jeans. I don't know why they have started this moral policing,\" she said on condition her identity be kept secret for fear of reprisal.The chairperson of the State Women's Commission, Hemlata S Mohan, was shocked. \"There is no justification for such posters. We cannot allow the girls to be targeted in this fashion,\" said Mohan.The posters also warned of violence against job seekers in Jharkhand who are not domiciles of the state. \"Outsiders\" planning to buy land in the state have also not been spared, just as companies have been warned about the backlash if they displace people.The police said \"attacks\" and warnings to \"outsiders\" is nothing new. Sometime back, activists of the Adivashi Mulvasi Chhatra Morcha (AMCM), roughed up a high school teacher, Avadh Bihari, who hailed from Samastipur, Bihar.\"I was called by the District Education Officer to join as a 10+2 teacher. AMCM members asked me to leave the state or face violence,\" said Bihari over phone.AMCM president, Kamlesh Ram, said no leniency would be shown while dealing with outsiders. \"Outsiders cannot enjoy the fruits of the state at the cost of the tribals.\" He added that the tribals had fought for their rights and a separate state. Now that they have it, they should be the first claimants over its resources.Senior BJP leader, Raghubar Das, said the Constitution grants Indians the right to live anywhere they want. \"Any attempt to challenge this right is condemnable. The police should immediately launch a probe. It might be the handiwork of some antisocial elements,\" said Das.Rashtriya Janata Dal state president, Girinath Singh, did not turn down the possibility of the involvement of some splinter group. \"I want immediate action. The government's failure has caused the people to stand up in protest. It is in fact a fallout of the domicile policy,\" remarked Singh.The efficacy of the intelligence system was also questioned. \"It shows that the intelligence system has failed,\" said Singh.Times ViewThreats of this kind are an unpleasant surprise anywhere, but even more so in a city like Ranchi which has long had a cosmopolitan culture. The government should not take such threats lightly, because they do tend to intimidate people even if those issuing the threat are only a fringe group. Outfits that take it upon themselves to do 'moral policing' must be dealt with firmly by the state. Firm action by the government at this stage can nip the menace in the bud. Any laxity shown in this respect is likely to encourage not just this group but other potential vigilantes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15397589", "title": "Metropolitan Transport Corporation buses have blood on wheels", "text": "With two people killed in accidents involving Metropolitan Transport Corporation buses on two consecutive days, the top brass of the corporation went into a huddle on Tuesday to discuss safety issues. Emerging from the meeting, some officials pointed out that the MTC's overall accident rate had come down. Buried under the pile of statistics was the fact that its buses were involved in accidents that claimed 63 lives this year so far.On Sunday, C Rekha, 37, was riding pillion with her husband when their bike was knocked down by an MTC bus at the Luz Corner signal. Only the previous day, 12-year-old Vignesh, who had hopped off a bus, was run over by the vehicle.\"Following these accidents, we dug out statistics on the number of accidents our buses have been involved in,\" said an MTC official who did not want to be named. \"The number of accidents has almost halved this year till July, compared to the same period last year,\" he said.According to their numbers, major accidents have come down from 18 last year to 10 this year. For the number of people with grievous injuries, the figure has come down from 97 to 45. However, when it comes to fatal accidents, there is only a marginal decrease in the first seven months of the year, from 76 last year to 63 this year.Officials say the corporation has been organising yoga camps and refresher courses for erring drivers. \"Drivers involved in fatal accidents are made to attend a 90-day refresher course. Here, a driving instructor analyses the mistakes the driver makes and tries to rectify them. Only then is he let back on the road,\" said an official. The next batch starts on August 25.In Delhi, however, the correction course is more severe. \"We have increased the number of prosecutions against bus drivers involved in accidents,\" said Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner of police (traffic), Delhi. Delhi, which has 5,700 city transport buses, killed 83 people in 2011. Bangalore with 6,500 buses killed 69 people.The latest National Crime Records Bureau data show that Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation leads the pack in the number of fatal accidents every year.In 2011, 1,317 were killed in accidents involving 21,000 buses. Andhra Pradesh Road Transport Corporation came a distant second with 704 deaths last year.Keeping hair to lose headThe numbers are startling. Yet, bikers seem unmoved. Neurologist K Ganapathy, who has seen hundreds of cases of head injuries in bikers who don't wear a helmet, calls it the it-can't-happento-me syndrome.According to data from the city traffic police, almost half the number of deaths on roads can be prevented by just wearing a helmet. This year, 869 people lost their lives on the roads. Of this, close to 45% were motorcyclists. \"Of the 389 motorcyclists who died this year, 380 were not wearing a helmet,\" said a senior police officer. That's 97.6%.Experts say there is no alternative to stringent enforcement of the rules, but bikers often think they can break them with impunity. \"There are certain spots where police constables are present. If I am careful at these places, I don't have a problem,\" said R Arvind, a college student. In 2011, the police booked 2.74 lakh people for not wearing a helmet. Chennai has about 28 lakh two-wheelers. In Mumbai, a city with just 9.68 lakh bikes, the police booked 2.23 lakh cases in 2011. With rules not being strictly implemented in Chennai, a large number of people do not wear a helmet. Some of the ridiculous reasons given by bikers include \"helmet makes me lose hair.\"Dr K Ganapathy said a survey he did found 97% of respondents knew helmets were necessary, yet did not wear one. \"There should be no sympathy for bikers not wearing a helmet. We need to be harsh to save their lives. Anyone caught not wearing a helmet should be made to spend a week in a head injury ward,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15398045", "title": "800m road in mayor's ward in poor condition", "text": "NAGPUR: Motorists travelling on the stretch between Bajaj Nagar and Shankar Nagar square are suffering a lot due to the inordinate delay in the construction of cement road. The road along this stretch has developed pot holes.NMC had decided to strengthen and upgrade 26km roads of Nagpur by repaving them with cement. This stretch of road had also been selected for upgradation. As per the work order issued in June 2011, the contractor Unity Infra Projects was to complete the first phase of 26km with in one year.The residents of this part of the city were happy a lot after the project was announced. \"But the delay in carrying out the work has increased trouble for the motorists as the 800 meter stretch of road has developed many potholes,\" said Sunil Gharde, a resident.According to residents, the road was not in such a bad shape some couple of years back. However, after NMC and MSEDCL dug up the road for works it has developed pot holes. Today, this patch that connects South West Nagpur to West Nagpur, is in a pathetic condition.\"This stretch has no semblance of a road. It is just a stretch of earth and rubble. The civic agency isn't doing anything about it. At least for last three years I haven't seen any repair work taking place,\" said a resident.\"The lack of asphalt on the surface has left the road with a lot of potholes. The poor condition of the road has caused several accidents,\" claimed a traffic police deployed at Shankar Nagar. Even the outlets of storm water drains are blocked due to rubbles that were dumped by the NMC and MSEDCL after completing their works. As a result, the road gets waterlogged whenever it rains.Residents claim that the area comes under the ward of mayor Anil Sole. \"If the mayor's ward is neglected by the civic administration then what will be the situation in the wards of other corporators, wondered the residents.\"I personally know about the problems as I use the road,\" admitted a senior official from Dharampeth zone. He said that the work to repair the road was delayed due to concretization of the patch. He assured that NMC's public works department would carry-out the patchwork at the earliest. He, however, remained silent over the issue of when the cementing of the road will start.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396590", "title": "Boost for traditional medicine", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has mooted a proposal for universal coverage of Ayurveda , Yoga &amp; Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy (AYUSH) under the country's flagship National Rural Health Mission (NRHM). The move will be a major push for the country's traditional medicine, which will not only be made available in all public health facilities \u2014 primary and community health centers and district hospitals under the 12th five year plan \u2014 AYUSH doctors will also be posted in these centres along with their allopathic counterparts.So far, only 24.6% of the public health facilities have availed central assistance for AYUSH medicines and 8.7% PHCs, 5.8% CHCs and 13.9% district hospitals used the centrally-sponsored scheme for setting up the infrastructure required for co-location of AYUSH facilities.The department of AYUSH is also looking at putting together a composite National Essential Drug List containing both allopathic and AYUSH drugs. Clinical management protocols or a \"joint behaviour change plan\" incorporating AYUSH-based lifestyle guidelines for adolescent health, geriatric care, mental health, non-communicable diseases, anemia and nutrition are also being developed. \"Standardization of classical formulations, AYUSH therapies and yoga practices to be given due focus,\" the steering committee on AYUSH said.Plans are also afoot to establish a permanent national museum to showcase India's rich medical heritage. The museum will look at \"the sociology, practice (oral traditions, codified traditions, surgery, pharmacy, therapy, dietetics and prevention), literature, music, botanical art and martial arts involved with traditional medicine,\" going deep into the streams like ayurveda, unani, siddha, yoga, sowa-rigpa and folk medicine.The steering committee has called for the introduction of a National Eligibility Test (NET) for AYUSH teachers /research fellows/ young post-graduates.\"Persons who have qualified NET should be preferred for various research schemes,\" said the recommendation.The department estimates that there are around a million village-based, traditional AYUSH community health workers who possess knowledge related to various streams like midwifery, primary healthcare and bone setting.Experts say the AYUSH system can play a major role in promotive, preventive, rehabilitative and community healthcare as AYUSH medicines play a significant role in developing the immune system and increasing resistance to diseases.\"The strength of AYUSH lies in non-communicable diseases like diabetes and preventive cardiology, care of older persons and health problems/issues related to women and children. The 12th Plan strongly advocates mainstreaming of AYUSH so that it can contribute to achieving the national health outcome goals. An enabling framework for integrating AYUSH in medical education, health research and health services should accordingly be developed,\" the panel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15397716", "title": "Police promise security", "text": "RANCHI: Girls in Jharkhand can't wear jeans and T-shirts and remain safe, if warnings of Jharkhand Mukti Sangh (JMS) are to be taken seriously.Reacting to the posters, Jharkhand women and child development minister Vimla Pradhan said, \"Girls should avoid wearing vulgar dresses. Parents have a role to play. They (parents and girls) should exercise enough discretion in wearing dresses,\" she added.Asked whether the JMS diktat was right or wrong, Pradhan said, \"It's wrong and shows a negative mentality of the group.\"Ranchi City SP Viupl Shukla assured the said girls not to worry. \"Girls can wear what they find comfortable to wear. All police stations in the city have been asked to exercise alertness,\" said the SP. He has also appealed to girls to exercise restrain. \"The girls should feel free to call the police if they feel any suspicious activity or person around them,\" he added.In three large posters, written in red letters like the Maoists did, the JMS has threatened girls with acid attacks if they do not stop wearing jeans and T-shirts after August 20, 2012. The warning should also worry the girls who wear salwar kameez because the posters have clearly warned of a similar attack to those who would be found wearing salwar and kameez without dupatta.The posters surprised hundreds of schoolgirls, most of who wear and find wearing jeans and T-shirts comfortable, outside St Xavier and St John's School. A large poster was pasted outside the school which has the girls panicked. One poster was pasted at Albert Ekka Chowk and one near the registrar's office.All the JSM posters had a separate note which read, \"The message must be taken seriously, else be ready to face the worst.\" It also warned that those who will tear these posters would be punished. The JMS has claimed that the diktat was issued to protect the culture and customs of the state.In the poster, the miscreants have also warned that houses of the girls would be attacked if they do not follow the warning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15398194", "title": "Parts of Puri raths to be sold", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The devotees of Jagannath can now keep dismantled portions of the chariots, used in Rath Yatra as souvenirs. The temple administration has decided to sell parts of the chariots to generate revenue from this year. The chariot wood was used as fuel in the shrine kitchen, touted as the biggest kitchens in the country.\"While a small quantity of plain dismantled logs would be used as fuelwood, we will sell attractive portions of chariots, like wheels, artifacts engraved on the chariot, handicrafts and side deities to devotees. It will not only generate revenue, but also popularize Jagannath culture outside,\" senior bureaucrat and chief administrator of temple Arvind Padhee told TOI.The shrine administration has constituted a sub-committee for price fixation of the chariot parts. \"District collector and temple officials are part of the committee to fix base price of portions of the chariot. Devotees can voluntarily pay more than the base price as a token of donation to the temple,\" Padhee said. \"We urge buyers to worship the chariot parts. They should not misuse it,\" he added.Padhee, also the revenue divisional administrator (central range), said he would apprise the temple managing committee of his reformative decision. The committee consists of representatives of different priests' organizations. \"Such costly timber should not be solely used as fuel. I hope priests would cooperate with us,\" he said.\"We apprehend that the chariot parts would be misused by foreigners, who always want to enter the temple, which is off limit to non-Hindus. I do not think it wise to use it for commercial purpose,\" said priest Daitapati Ramakrushna Dasmohapatra.Every year, the Odisha government supplies a whopping 13,000 cubic feet wood worth over Rs 65 lakh for construction of three chariots for the millennia-old Rath Yatra. Not less than 1,000 trees of different species are felled for making the chariots. The temple receives nearly 810 pieces of logs from Nayagarh and Khurda forest divisions. Non-sal logs like asana, dhaura, phasi, mahi and simili are largely used for chariot-making. The carpenters construct 45 feet high Taladhwaja chariot for Balabhadra, 45.6 ft Nandighos chariot for Jagannath and 44. 6 ft high chariot Devidalan for Subhadra. After the festival ends, the chariots are broken to pieces and the logs are taken to the temple kitchen.Worried over large-scale tree-cutting, the state government had attempted in the past to use permanent chariots for Rath Yatra. But priests vehemently opposed the proposal citing it as a violation of tradition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15398071", "title": "OMG! It was first used nearly 100 yrs ago", "text": "LONDON: The popular phrase OMG, colloquial abbreviation for 'Oh My God' does not have its origins in modern-day chatrooms but was first used in 1917 in a letter to former British PM Winston Churchill .It has emerged that the British admiral John Arbuthnot Fisher first penned the acronym in a letter to Churchill as far back as 1917, the Daily Mail reported.Lord 'Jacky' Fisher, as he was known, used it in a letter to Churchill before he became prime minister. The letter mentioned the \"utterly upsetting\" World War I newspaper headlines.He wrote, \"I hear that a new order of Knighthood is on the tapis \u2014 O.M.G (Oh! My! God!) \u2014 Shower it on the admiralty !! \" Lord Fisher began his career during the Crimean War and ended it during the First World War.The phrase OMG, added to the Oxford English Dictionary last year, is generally used in conversations to express surprise, embarrassment, excitement and disgust, according to the Urban Dictionary. However, OMG is not the first modern day phrase which seems to have surprising historic routes.LOL, now defined as 'laughing out loud', was first used in 1960 to denote 'little old lady'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15397092", "title": "Foresters' strike had hidden agenda: Activists", "text": "COIMBATORE: A group of environmental organizations in the region issued a joint statement on Tuesday urging the state government to initiate disciplinary action against forest guards and watchmen of Anamalai Tiger Reserve, who went on a flash strike a few days ago seeking disciplinary action against \"a forthright\" assistant conservator of forests on the basis of a \"fabricated case\".The protest which took the form of a gherao resulted in the violation of the rights of the officer, the statement said. \"Like police, forest officials are also binding to organize their protests within the limits of service rules. They have no right to organize flash strikes and that too wearing uniform and boycotting duty,'' the activists stated. \"The strike work was organized at a time when wild elephants had entered human settlements in Valparai. There was nobody to chase the elephants back to forests. The strikers were in fact causing a human-animal conflict,'' the activists alleged.The statement also went on to allege that the protest against the officer was aimed at hushing up the scam that involved the felling of 1,400 teak trees in the Topslip region and its illegal transportation outside the tiger reserve at the behest of timber mafia. The illegal strike was organized flouting all rules to cover up a massive crime committed by a section of guards and watchmen, the statement noted.It also urged the government to speed up the probe into the teak tree felling issue and initiate stern action against the violators. It urged guards to be more responsible and work for the protection of forests, animals and local communities. \"It must be the duty of the government to ensure that guards and watchmen are working in a way beneficial to save the remaining green cover,'' the statement said.Among the signatories are Suraj Kumaar, managing trustee of Discover Wild Foundation, Mohammed Saleem, President of Environment Conservation Group, N I Jalaluddin, president, Nature Conservation Society, M Yoganathan, president, Mattram, K Mohan Raj, secretary, Save Coimbatore Wetlands and S Jayachandran , joint secretary, Tamil Nadu Green Movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397345", "title": "Akhilesh, Ram Gopal to unveil Yamuna Expressway on Aug 9", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will inaugurate the Yamuna Expressway on August 9 from his official residence in Lucknow. Instead of driving down to the Agra-end of the highway himself, Akhilesh will remotely unveil the plaque for the Agra-end of the expressway project. Senior Samajwadi Party leader Ram Gopal Yadav will also participate in the inaugural process by unveiling the Delhi-end of the project on Thursday. The entire programme will be connected through a two-way video link, a senior bureaucrat said.The 165-km six-lane, access-controlled, elevated expressway was meant to be inaugurated in December 2011. However, due to the assembly elections in the state and some part being still incomplete, the opening was delayed. After the Samajwadi Party took over in March, the project got further delayed due to a massive bureaucratic reshuffle.Now, with additional technicalities of maximum speed and toll tax also fixed, the state government has officially decided to throw the expressway open to the public. A comprehensive inspection of the Yamuna Expressway was recently undertaken by Rites, the transport consultancy, for opening the expressway to traffic. A report of the consultancy's findings was submitted to the chairman of the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority, Rakesh Bahadur last month.Earlier, the Jaypee group, the developers of the Yamuna Expressway project had been pushing for an early launch date of the Rs 11,000-crore expressway. Now, to ensure that the state government officially declares the project open without further delay, the developers have also agreed to forego approximately Rs 1,000 crore as compensation from the state government, for not charging any toll tax between the Noida and Greater Noida stretch. Confirming the development, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner AK Gupta said, \"The government has welcomed the Jaypee group's decision to forego the compensation that was agreed upon in the 2003 agreement signed by the previous government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15400529", "title": "Goa govt to consider ban on use of mobiles by constables on duty", "text": "PANAJI: Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar has said that his government is thinking of banning use of mobiles phones by constables on duty.Replying to demands for grants to police in the Goa assembly, Parrikar agreed with members that constables, instead of regulating traffic or doing their assigned duties, are seen talking on mobiles. A member also pointed out that even lady constables put on traffic duty, are seen using mobile phones.The chief minister said his government would seriously consider issuing an order restricting the use of mobile phones for constables while on duty. \"I am thinking of not allowing them to use mobiles on duty\", Parrikar who is also the home minister said.The chief minister also stated that the government would soon recruit around 700 constables and 105 police sub-inspectors. Stating that the police would take the help of Home Guards, he said around 1500 of them would be recruited by December. \"This would also create employment to youth who have passed Class VIII and are unemployed\", he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "15398163", "title": "Ponda council's garbage woes pile up", "text": "PONDA: The Ponda Municipal Council's (PMC) waste woes keep piling up. A group of locals from Usgao deflated the tyres of the council's truck that was loaded with garbage to be dumped in a plot at Mharvasaddo in Usgao at midnight on Monday.A civic body official said that the PMC is currently facing hardship in disposing of garbage within its jurisdiction as the site where the council was previously dumping garbage has withdrawn permission for the same.Thus, the PMC sought permission from a private land owner at Mharvasaddo, Usgao, to dump its garbage.In a bind over the situation, the PMC on Tuesday decided to revamp its compost pits erected in almost all the wards from Wednesday and to treat the garbage generate in those pits.PMC chief officer Pradeep Naik said that efforts are on to have their own garbage treatment plant in a plot at Kerye in Khandepar village located in the Curti-Khandepar village panchayat jurisdiction. Naik said the PWD has nearly completed the construction of the compound wall around the plot but that the plant would take a year for completion.\"The PMC generates about 5MT of garbage per day and the proposed plant would have a capacity of about 30 metric tonnes. After the plant is commissioned, Ponda will be free of the garbage problem. Till then, we have to face the people's ire,\" Naik said.About three years ago, the high court of Bombay at Goa permitted the PMC to construct a garbage treatment plant at the Kerye plot admeasuring 18,200 sqm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15396852", "title": "No new quota without OBC panel's nod: Justice Israni", "text": "JAIPUR: Any new quota benefits to any community in the state would require prior clearance from the Other Backward Classes (OBC) Commission, the commission's chairman Justice IS Israni (retd) clarified on Tuesday.\"Now that the commission has come into existence, quota benefits should be granted on the basis of its recommendations and the state government should avoid taking solitary decisions,\" said Justice Israni.The commission's clarification on the reservation issue could have an impact on the 1% quota that is being given to the special backward classes (SBC), including Gujjars, allegedly without any official order existing to the effect.A petition pending before the high court argues that though 1% SBC quota was announced and granted through an order dated May 6, 2010 (before the OBC commission came into existence), the order ceased to exist after a public interest litigation (PIL) titled G Sharma versus the State was decided on December 22, 2010.The May 2010 order of the department of personnel read: \"This order (about 1% SBC quota) shall remain in force till the Rajasthan High Court passes any further order or decision in the DB civil writ petition (PIL) No 12810/09 G Sharma V/s State of Rajasthan.\" The PIL was later decided with the direction that the stay on quota above 50% shall continue and the SBC quota demand be got examined by the OBC commission in accordance with the Supreme Court directions.Sources said the state government was examining if it was required to issue another order to continue granting the 1% SBC quota. At the same time, the government would have to examine if the fresh order could be issued without the recommendation of the OBC commission that has come into force.In response to a query, Justice Israni said that the OBC commission would examine the possibility of sub-dividing the 21% OBC quota to meet the Gujjars' demand for increased quota for the community, if such an application were moved before it. \"No one has approached the commission with such a demand till date. If the demand is made, we will examine it and also consider the views of those who oppose this demand,\" Justice Israni said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397351", "title": "PNB rolls out its six 'pragati' branches", "text": "LUCKNOW: Usha Anatha- subramanian, executive director, Punjab National Bank launched six branch offices of the bank at Gomtinagar, Vikasnagar, Indiranagar, Ram Ram Bank Chauraha, Munshi Pulia and Aliganj under 'PNB Pragati' on Tuesday. Vinod Kumar Joel, general manager, VP Jain, circle head, Lucknow, senior officers of the PNB and customers were present on the occasion.She said that besides providing state-of-the-art ambience, the 'PNB Pragati' branches will have a dedicated self-service area with ATM, cash deposit machine and automated pass book printer to provide uninterrupted customer service without requirement of any human interface.In addition, each 'PNB Pragati' branch launched on here on Tuesday has been provided with 'premium customer lounge' with dedicated customer relation officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15397149", "title": "Now, women's college bans mobiles", "text": "ROHTAK: The government college for women in Rohtak has banned the use of mobile phones by students from the new academic session. Principal Lakshmi Beniwal Dalal announced the blanket ban on mobiles on the first day of the session on Monday. College authorities have designated two teachers to keep track of students and have also installed CCTV cameras in the campus to catch violations.The college has around 5,000 students, pursuing various undergraduate and post graduate degrees. The students, however, said mobile could only be banned inside classrooms or library. \"We should be free to use cellphones outside the classrooms or in the canteen,\" said a student.A fresher said she had thought that the college campus would provide her freedom but the ban has come as a shock. \"Such a ban is justified in schools, but in college we are all adults,\" she said. A college teacher said that the step has been taken to ensure discipline in the college as it had become an instrument of disturbance in the college. But she agreed that instead of a blanket ban, authorities should issue instructions to students as well as teachers that mobile phones be switched off during classes. \"With mobile phones in their hands, students could not concentrate on lectures during classes. Moreover, they exchange SMSs during classes.\"Another college in Rohtak, Jat Heroes Memorial College, however, has decided not to imposed any ban on mobile phones. A college teacher and spokesperson, Dayanand Singh, said: \"We just tell the students to switch off their mobile phones in classes. There is no need to ban mobile phone on campus,\" he said.Another college teacher said \"though we discourage the use of mobile phones in the college, we have not taken a decision to ban it. Students are difficult to discipline and even if we take such a decision, it would be tough to enforce it\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15396815", "title": "Released on bail, but Nigerian is still in jail", "text": "JAIPUR: A 34-year-old Nigerian, convicted in a drugs case, is stranded in Jaipur jail even after being released on bail by the Rajasthan High Court in March 2012. After his release, he was re-arrested and brought back to the jail allegedly for 'breaching peace', a bailable offence which he says he never committed. This time, a local court asked him to furnish surety bonds which he could not do. The court then ordered a judicial custody of six months.In a letter written to TOI, Micheal Azanweza has sought the intervention of Nigerian Embassy to help him out on September 9, 2012 when his six months sentence for 'breaching peace' ends.Talking to TOI, Sanjay Verma, counsel for Micheal, said: \"He was arrested by Jalupura police in Jaipur under Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act in 2009. On August 26, 2011 he was sentenced to five years in jail by a local court. Later in December, we moved an application in the high court seeking suspension of his sentence and bail. He was granted bail by the court in December 2011 itself and the court had suspended his sentence with a condition that he will not leave India without prior permission of the court.\"However, he could not be released in the absence of surety bonds to be furnished by two local persons in the court. \"Finally we urged the court to release him on a bail bond of Rs 30,000 which he did and was released on March 22, 2012.\"Micheal said what happened next:\"In the same night, just after stepping out of Jaipur central jail, I was re-arrested when Lal Kothi police framed false cases against me under Section 107, 151 and 116 of CrPC. The plain truth here is that I did not fight with anybody on that particular night. I was brought back to Jaipur jail the next morning where I am still lodged.\"The concerned court again asked him to furnish a surety bond which he could not do. He was then sent to judicial custody for six months.Now, apprehending another arrest when he is to be released on September 9, Micheal has sought the intervention of Embassy of his country.Micheal's counsel Sanjay Verma said: \"At the time of his release, the court will again ask him for the surety bonds. Thus, we have also written to the Embassy of Nigeria to give a written guarantee that whenever the accused is summoned by the court, he would be produced in the court and also he will not leave India without permission of the court.\"Micheal summed up his apprehensions in his letter: \"I do suspect that the same event might re-occur to me on September 2012 when I am expected to walk as a free man. I am now left fearing that police might re-arrest me with fresh and unfounded allegations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397549", "title": "It's ammonium nitrate, say police", "text": "PUNE: Pune Police, after consulting experts, have finally concluded that ammonium nitrate, wax and hydrocarbon oil were used in the low intensity bomb blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road on August 1.A police officer said, \"The bombs also contained detonators and digital wrist watches used as timers for triggering the blasts.\"The officer said, \"The police and experts from the forensic science laboratory had collected samples from the blast sites the same night. The samples were sealed and handed to the FSL the next day for opinion along with a questionnaire like why was the intensity of the blast low and why two bombs had not exploded.'The laboratory has analysed the samples and its experts have met in Mumbai. \"We will get a report on Wednesday,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396658", "title": "CM has the power to transfer cops, says R R Patil", "text": "MUMBAI: Seeking to distance himself from the latest circular which withdrew powers of the director general and commissioner of police to transfer junior cops, home minister R R Patil said on Tuesday the prerogative instead rests with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. \"I never intended to keep these powers since they were always with the CM until a circular to delegate them to the DGP and CP was issued in 2006,\" Patil said, adding withdrawal of the 2006 circular only means reverting to the status quo ante.A latest directive from the home department took back powers from the DGP and CP to transfer class two and three police officers-inspectors, assistant inspectors and sub-inspectors. The powers were delegated by way of a department circular issued in 2006. The circular did not have any legal standing and got challenged legally on several occasions. including in the Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal (MAT).Citing cases where transfers were challenged in the Maharashtra Administrative Tribunal, Patil said there have been instances when two officers have ended up in the same police station leading to chaos. \"This just showed the entire police department in poor light,\" Patil said, adding that it is for this reason the circular was withdrawn and now any non-routine transfer would have to be stamped by the CM. The state is working to come up with a permanent solution to the problem by streamlining existing transfer laws. \"A state-appointed expert committee has already submitted its report on this,\" he said.The NCP minister has been facing heat from several quarters including his own party following the recent blasts in Pune and government's failure to install CCTV cameras at public locations. The delay and anomalies in the tendering process has even been criticized by NCP leader Sharad Pawar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396589", "title": "BJP takes on ally Sena at civic meet", "text": "MUMBAI: BJP city unit president Raj K Purohit and his party colleagues criticized many Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) policies at a meeting with civic chief Sitaram Kunte on Tuesday.Dilip Patel (BJP) said, \"In a democracy, each party is entitled to its views. Our corporators too have a right to express their views.\"With roads being a key issue discussed on Tuesday, Purohit told TOI, \"Despite being one of the richest civic bodies, Mumbai's streets are in a sorry state. The civic body spends large sums on advanced technology to track potholes, but if the commissioner himself undertakes a survey, he will do a better job.\" Rahul Shewale ( Shiv Sena ), chairman of the civic standing committee, had played a pivotal role in the introduction of the technology. Kunte promised to visit the trouble spots.The BJP also flayed the BMC for the 10% water cut. Kunte said they would take a call on cloud-seeding in four to five days. BJP corporators also complained of an increase in dengue and malaria cases.Meanwhile, Kunte ordered an audit of trees cut for development projects and for building residential complexes. Ameet Satam (BJP) had protested against the move to allow a developer to chop down 481 trees in Goregaon (E).Deputy mayor Mohan Mithbaokar said the builder had cut trees before he got permission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15397511", "title": "Police turn heat on landlords for tenant records", "text": "NASHIK: Sounding out warning bells for landlords who have failed to provide do not have not are not providing tenant information of their tenants to the police, deputy commissioner of police (DCP), deputy police commissioner of police, Sahebrao Patil on Tuesday said that the landowners flat or shop owners who fail to provide information about their tenants to the police would face police action at the hands of the police under Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).Zone 1 of the city Nashik police commissionerate had called a meeting of political leaders of all the parties and corporators at the Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture (MACCIA), Nashik to sensitize them on the security concerns over the issue political leaders and discuss measures to gather the information, especially in light of the steps to be taken in light of the on backdrop of the serial bomb blasts in Pune recently.During the meeting, DCP Sahebrao Patil, said that soon action would be initiated against landlords who are not providing information about their tenants. He also said that as part of awareness, boards would be put up at colleges and schools about security precautions and appealed to the corporators to put up close circuit television cameras (CCTVs) in their respective wards by following up the issue with the civic administration.Speaking to TOI, DCP Sahebrao Patil said that the police will also appeal to bigger commercial establishments such as malls, to use CCTV cameras not just within their malls but also at the entrances of such public places. Lodges and hotels have also been directed to put up the CCTV cameras in the common areas to keep a check on suspicious activities.Meanwhile, the corporators voiced security concerns within their wards. There was an appeal to increase combing operations in particular slums, many also pointed out the lack of police chowkies in important areas.Burglaries and the menace of hooligans topped the agenda of corporators and other political leaders. Many corporators in the meeting also requested to enhance patrolling in their respective wards and efforts on part of the police to control the menace of house break-ins and vehicle thefts.ACP Ganesh Shinde and senior police inspectors of the Sarkarwada, Gangapur, Bhadrakali and Panchavati police stations were also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15400843", "title": "Non-compliant Iran transaction only $14m and not $250bn: Stanchart", "text": "Standard Chartered PLC has said that only 0.01% of its Iranian transactions representing $14m were non-compliant with US regulations on 'U Turn' payments and not $250bn as claimed by US authorities.'U turn' payments refer to Iranian transactions for which the US government had given special exemption as they are routed to the US financial system only for dollar clearing. The exemption for these transactions were subsequently withdrawn.\"The Group does not believe the order issued by the DFS presents a full and accurate picture of the facts. The analysis, that the Group shared with all the US agencies, demonstrates that throughout the period the Group acted to comply, and overwhelmingly did comply, with US sanctions and the regulations relating to U-turn payments. As we have disclosed to the authorities, well over 99.9% of the transactions relating to Iran complied with the U-turn regulations. The total value of transactions which did not follow the U-turn was under $14m\" the banking group said in a statement.The Group said that it believes that the interpretation reflected in the DFS' order, of the U-Turn exemption - a federal regulation administered and enforced by federal authorities - is incorrect as a matter of law. The Group's review of its Iranian payments also did not identify a single payment on behalf of any party that was designated at the time by the US Government as a terrorist entity or organization, it said. Standard Chartered ceased all new business with Iranian customers in any currency over five years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15396107", "title": "Half of Gujarat scarcity-hit", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: A high-level cabinet sub-committee on Tuesday declared more than half of Gujarat - 152 talukas out of 225 - scarcity-hit.The committee, headed by finance minister Vajubhai Vala, concluded that scarcity condition prevailed in all these talukas as they have received less than 150 mm rainfall . A government resolution (GR) declaring these talukas as scarcity-hit is being prepared.Relief work for the affected population will begin in these talukas, where cheaper fodder and agricultural subsidies will be provided. The list of scarcity-hit talukas includes all the talukas of the seven districts of Saurashtra region, Kutch district, north Gujarat's Banaskantha, Patan, Mehsana and Gandhinagar districts, and Ahmedabad, apart from 19 other talukas in other districts.\"The list of talukas is being sent for consideration to the Union government's empowered group of ministers (EGoM). The EGoM, headed by agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, will meet in Delhi on Wednesday to assess drought conditions in western India,\" a senior official said.Meanwhile, the state's cabinet sub-committee on scarcity finalized a new memorandum demanding Rs 18,000 crore from the Centre. \"One-third of the amount - nearly Rs 6,000 crore - is for short-term measures, while the rest for long-term measures. The memorandum will reach GoI before the GoM meeting,\" said an official.The memorandum has following major demands: Relief work under National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) should begin in the scarcity-hit talukas and fodder should be made available to farmers at a concessional rate, especially to maldharis and panjrapols.\"We also plan to demand 15,000 new out-of-turn farm power connections to save crops, crop loan at concessional rate and interest waiver for farmers who lose their crop. Water supply grid should be strengthened in areas which still do not have pipelined Narmada drinking water supply.\"The decision to declare half of Gujarat as scarcity-hit comes close on the heels of Pawar's statement in Gandhinagar on August 3 that the state government hasn't yet carried out scarcity assessment of any part of Gujarat while demanding relief worth Rs 14,600 crore from the GoI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15397881", "title": "25-year-old compounder killed over love affair", "text": "VARANASI: Amarnath Chauhan, a 25-year-old compounder at a clinic was murdered by unidentified miscreants in Nizamuddinpur, in Dullahpur police area, in Ghazipur district on Monday night.Amarnath, a resident of Churamanpur, was returning home after closing the clinic around 9.30 pm on Monday when someone gave a call on his mobile phone and called him near a madarsa in Nizamuddinpur. After reaching there, Amarnath contacted his brother over phone and informed that he had been held captive by some persons who were threatening to kill him. Later, he gave similar information to the gram pradhan. When gram pradhan reached Nizamuddinpur, he saw the body of Amarnath lying in a pool of blood. The killer had slit his throat with an axe which was also lying at the spot. Police reached there and sent the body for postmortem examination. Cops suspected that the killing had taken place over love affair.Woman killed: Aarti Devi, a 70-year-old woman of Puraenu village, falling under the jurisdiction of Baksha police in Jaunpur district, was killed in a group clash on Tuesday. Ramji Mishra, a native of Sultanpur district, lives with his in-laws in Puraenu village. On Tuesday, he was busy in repairing a drain outside his house. In the meantime his relatives, who live in the neighbourhood, reached there and opposed him. It led to clash between the two groups. Aarti and other family members reached there to save Ramji were also attacked. The seriously injured Aarti, Ramji and his son Dinesh were rushed to local hospital where she died.Two died in lightning: Two persons, including a woman, died when lightning struck two villages in Lalganj police station area in Mirzapur district on Tuesday morning. Prabhavati (60), a native of Kaunia village, had gone to the fields with her cow and calf when lightning struck her. The woman and her cattle died. Ramjiyavan of Dubarkala village also lost his life while working in his field.Thief nabbed: The Sarnath police, on Tuesday, succeeded in nabbing a thief from Sarang Talab with cash and valuables stolen from the house a joint development commissioner on Monday night. On Monday night, when the official and his wife were sleeping inside their house in Tulsi Nagar Colony, thieves entered the place and decamped with Rs 25,000 and ornaments worth over Rs 2 lakh. During the checking drive, cops caught a suspicious looking youth with a bag near Sarang Talab. When the bag was checked, all the articles stolen from the official's house were recovered. The thief was identified as Vivek Yadav .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15398510", "title": "Three arrested on charges of prostitution", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore city police on Monday raided an apartment at Subashnagar under Mangalore South Police Station limits and arrested three persons on charges of prostitution. Those arrested are Sandeep Shetty, 27, of Kote House, Uppinangady, Durayya, 37, of Nadu Palli, Kudroli, and Heena Dildar, 40, of Pandeshwar. Dildar is the owner of the house, said police. According to initial reports, police reportedly arrested seven persons; a charge strongly refuted by MN Shashidar, in-charge police inspector of Mangalore South police sattion.Shashidhar said police on receipt of information raided the apartment and nabbed the three. \"There were few other women in the apartment at the time of the raid, who claimed were the relatives of Heena,\" Shashidhar said, adding their antecedents have being verified. City police chief Seemant Kumar Singh told TOI that there was no confusion with regard to the incident and police have arrested only those involved. \"There is no question of letting off anyone based on their political leanings,\" he said. A case under Prevention of Immoral Trafficking Act has been registered in Mangalore South PS in this regard. The accused were produced before the jurisdictional JMFC court, which has remanded them to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "15397199", "title": "Molester gang stabs girl's parents in Malda", "text": "MALDA: A man and his wife were stabbed in an English Bazar home while trying to save their 13-year-old daughter from drunken goons who were dragging her away to \"have fun for the night\". An aunt of the girl was also hacked when she ran to her rescue. All three are in hospital with critical injuries.What's worse, the English Bazar police station allegedly refused to take the victims' complaint on Monday night and the family could lodge an FIR only on Tuesday when they were accompanied by Trinamool youth leaders.In the evening, while a Manasa gaan sabha was being held, the drunken lot barged into the house and tried to take the teenager away with them.\"They were armed with sickles and daggers and were pulling at my daughter's hand.They were all drunk and kept laughing that they wanted my daughter 'for the night',\" said the mother. When she and her husband tried to resist them, the goons started stabbing them repeatedly. When the couple collapsed, the aunt tried to block their way but the gang stabbed her, too.Their screams for help drew neighbours to the spot. This frightened the gang and they fled, but not before warning the victims not to go to the police. The girl's father needed six stitches for his head injuries and the aunt took five. They have been admitted to Malda District Hospital. The traumatized teen has been sent back home, said sources.On Tuesday, the aunt alleged that the police repeatedly turned down their pleas to file a complaint.However, inspector-in-charge of English Bazar police station, Jahar Jyoti Roy, denied the allegations levelled against them police. \"The complainants were bleeding profusely. So, the officer on duty suggested them to go to the hospital first,\" English Bazar IC Jahar Jyoti Roy said.The news spread quickly in town and the Trinamool Youth Congress was the first political party to react to it. Trinamool leaders Anirban Das and Krishna Das accompanied the victims to the police station on Tuesday morning and a complaint was finally lodged, naming three youths of the locality.Malda SP Jayanta Pal assured immediate arrest of culprits. that the culprits would be arrested soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15396009", "title": "Water level of Ganga and Yamuna recedes", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The water level of the Ganga and the Yamuna on Tuesday showed a receding trend in Phaphamau, Chatnag and Naini areas. The water level of the Ganga at Phaphamau and Chatnag was recorded 77.78 and 77.34 metres respectively while that of the Yamuna at Naini was 77.9 metres.Officials at control room said the receding levels of the Ganga at Phaphamau and Chatnag showed a fall of 0.35 metres and 0.60 metres respectively as compared to Monday. Similarly, the receding level of the Yamuna at Naini was reported 0.33 metres.Police posted at Sangam have advised boatmen to take safety measures while taking pilgirms in the Ganga.\"We have first time noticed the rising water level of the Ganga and the Yamuna in the past two years,\" said Anupam, a pilgrim who has come from Kanpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396084", "title": "Man steals from employer, killed by friends for booty", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old manager of a jewellery manufacturing unit was murdered by five of his friends after he told them that he had stolen gold ornaments worth Rs 20 lakh. The victim's friends as well as two jewellers who had purchased the stolen gold from them have been arrested.The victim, Prashant Rahatwal, worked at a gold manufacturing workshop in Rose Villa, Dahisar (W). He was responsible for assigning work to craftsmen and had a set of keys to the workshop. On July 30, Mayur Khandeshwar (32), who owns the workshop with his partner Manoj , lodged a complaint with the MHB police about 700 gms of gold ornaments being stolen. Rahatwal was the suspect as he had stopped coming to work.\"The theft took place on July 28. We went through Rahatwal's call records and found that his Alibaug-based friend, Surendra Patil, had called him the most,\" said investigating officer Santosh Dalvi of the MHB police.The cops quizzed Rahatwal's fiancee, Kavita, and learnt that Surendra had offered to make Rahatwal a partner in a bar he was planning to purchase and had asked him to arrange for Rs 8 lakh in cash or gold. Surendra planned to show these as a guarantee for taking a loan to purchase the bar.When Rahatwal agreed, Surendra called him to Alibaug on July 29. But Surendra had hatched a plot to bump off Rahatwal and steal his gold. He roped in four of their friends-Yashwant Patil (38), Jitendra Damugade (31), Manohar Patil (38) and Raju Malak (24)-to carry out the crime. First, they took Rahatwal out for drinks. On the pretext of showing him the bar to be purchased, the accused took Rahatwal into a forest, where they had already dug up a pit. They beat up Rahatwal with iron rods, strangled him with a wire and buried his body in the pit.\"When we interrogated Surendra, he claimed he was in Thane on the day of the incident. His cellphone was switched off between 11am and 6pm that day.We nailed his lie through the location of his phone. Eventually, Surendra admitted to the murder and led us to the spot in the forest where they had dumped Rahatwal's body on August 4,\" an officer said. Surendra nd the other four accused were arrested by the Revdanda police in whose jurisdiction the murder had taken place.Surendra led the cops to two Alibaug-based jewelers-Ashok Jain and Dilip Jain-who had purchased the gold from him despite knowing that it was stolen. \"The Jains gave Surendra an initial sum of Rs 25,000 for the gold and were to pay the remaining amount later. Meanwhile, the Jains came to Mumbai and sold the gold at Zaveri Bazaar for Rs 12.5 lakh. We are trying to recover the stolen gold,\" the official said.All the accused have been remanded in police custody till August 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15397015", "title": "Haryana begins new scheme for personality development", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana higher education department has started a new scheme for over all development of personality of students, Education Minister Geeta Bhukkal said on Tuesday.It has been implemented under Human Resource Development Scheme in all government colleges of the state during current academic session.She said that under the new scheme, various cultural activities including activities related to music, dance, short play, skit, mimicry, folk and classical dance would be organised and prizes would be given in each category.She said professional artistes would also be invited in government colleges to hold concerts and programmes to inspire the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15398486", "title": "Patna lady Kavita, 68, skydives in US", "text": "PATNA: Kavita Verma, a housewife and freelance writer from the state capital, recently became the first Bihari woman to skydive at the age of 68. She achieved the feat near Ellington airport, Connecticut, US. Earlier, she had never attempted any such act in her life. She cannot even swim.On a visit to US last month, her youngest son, who is a doctor there, took her to an airport, a skydiving centre, and asked her to do skydiving just in fun along with him and other professional divers. \"I anyhow mustered courage and became attempt the feat,\" she told TOI.\"My husband N P Verma, a former principal of Patna College, was also there who discouraged me from doing it because of my age and the risk factor involved,\" she said. Kavita is the grandmother of many children.Interestingly, her husband was asked to sign a declaration that he would be the person to collect her body in case of any mishap. But this did not deter her; she went ahead and boarded the aeroplane for skydiving. She was not aware that in April, a man who was skydiving at the same spot fractured his leg after a parachute-related error sent him falling to the ground.\"I jumped from a height of about 20,000 feet and remained in air for about 10 minutes. I enjoyed very much the thrilling experience,\" she recalls. \"I was amused to see myself in long pants and a comfortable long- sleeved shirt. We were given a jumpsuit, helmet and goggles - everything that one needs to skydive safely,\" she said. On her next US trip, she intends to have an undersea encounter with sharks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15396823", "title": "Widespread rain brings hope for farmers", "text": "JAIPUR: After a dry spell widespread rain was witnessed in the state on Tuesday when almost every part of the state got its share of rain. Intermittent rain that started from wee hours continued throughout the day in almost every part of the state including western Rajasthan where rain activity has been elusive this season. Tuesday's rain has also given hope to the farmers who were praying for a good rainfall.Jaipurities woke up to an overcast sky with pleasant weather. Following the intermittent rain in early morning and some in the evening, Pink City witnessed a drop in its maximum temperature as Jaipur witnessed a maximum temperature of 30.5 degrees Celsius, almost a degree below the normal maximum temperature. Moderate showers were witnessed in Jaipur, especially in areas including Jagatpura, Malviya Nagar, Tonk Road and some portions of the Walled City. Till 5.30 pm on Tuesday Jaipur witnessed a rainfall of 28 mm.\"Since Sunday Jaipur has received rainfall of almost 156 mm which is satisfactory so far. The Jaipur division as a whole covering the nearby villages has recorded an aggregate rainfall of 5 cms in the last three days,\" said an officer with the Jaipur Met office.However, normal life and vehicular traffic was affected at many places including Jodhpur, Banswara, Udaipur, Rajsamand, Nagaur, Chittorgarh and Barmer.Many places in the state witnessed rain in cms. Pratapgarh recorded a rainfall of 11 cms, Baseri 9, Thanagazi 8, Chipabarod and Mahwa 7, Bamanvas and Kapasan 6, Choti Sadari, Badi Sadari and Gangapur 4, Manoharthana, Rajakhera, Sapotara and Sikrai 4. Likewise, many places in the southern and western Rajasthan also witnessed between 1 cms and 1 cms.Met office, Jaipur said that Tuesday witnessed maximum rain activity in the state as the rains were widespread. \"For the first time in this season since the onset of monsoon on July 5 many places in the state witnessed maximum rainfall above 7 cms,\" said an officer with the Jaipur Met office.Attributing the revival of monsoon in the state, the Met office said that the ongoing spell will continue for the next 48 hours when mild to moderate showers would be witnessed in eastern and western Rajasthan while heavy rain is likely to occur in southern Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15398701", "title": "Assam Rifles GOC takes stock of situation in Dima Hasao", "text": "SILCHAR: Lt-Gen A K Sahni, the general officer commanding (GOC) of 3 Corps, visited the Haflong-based Assam Rifles sector headquarter on Tuesday. This is his maiden visit to Haflong after assuming command.Lt-Gen Sahni was briefed by Cdr 22 Sector Assam Rifles on the current security situation in the area of the sector headquarters, which encompasses all four districts of south Assam, including Dima Hasao, Cachar, Karimganj and Hailakandi. Inspector-General, Assam Rifles (East), was also present during the briefing. Thereafter, the visiting dignitary interacted with prominent citizens, including important community leaders, civil administration and police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15396900", "title": "Cop receives anonymous threatening call", "text": "INDORE: After civilians, police personnel too are at the receiving end of anonymous phone callers. In an incident, a policeman was threatened by unknown persons.A constable Piyush Bhati attached with the traffic police lodged a complaint at the Central Kotwali police in which he has reported that an unknown caller with number 9589500636 is threatening him. The accused has not only been threatening him but also abused him without any purpose. The 20-year-old policeman resides at Samajwad Indira Nagar.Police have registered a case under the Section 507 of the IPC and are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15396999", "title": "Man poses as cargo firm exec, arrested", "text": "GURGAON: A man has been arrested for pretending to be an executive of a cargo company. Goods booked for transfer to Jammu did not reach the purported destination and police recovered the goods from Bijwasan in Delhi, where the alleged fraudster, Mukesh Kumar, was living in rented accommodation.DLF-II police arrested one Mukesh Kumar, resident of Morka village in Bhiwani district, on Monday. Police had earlier lodged an FIR on the complaint of the victim, Kunad Khajuria, a native of Jammu.In his complaint, Khajuria told police that when his company, Lumata Digital India Pvt Ltd in Udyog Vihar Phase V, had transferred him from Gurgaon to another place and he had sent his goods to his native place. He had got the number of Safe Packers and Movers, DLF III, from Just Dial.\"Mukesh came on July 29 and took away his belongings from his house in K Block, DLF III, saying that they were being sent to Jammu,\" said Khajuria. On August 4,when Khajuria's goods had not reached Jammu and Mukesh could not be contacted, he lodged a complaint with the police.On Monday, police arrested Mukesh and recovered the goods from his possession. \"We produced him in a city court on Tuesday and he was sent to judicial custody. The cargo firm by the purported name of Safe Packers and Movers could not be found,\" said a cop. After the arrest, it was learnt that the fraudster had also cheated another person in Faridabad. A N Gopalkrishan Nayyer, a retired employee of National Hydraulic Power Corporation, lost the goods he had sent in June from his house in Sector 33, Faridabad. Mukesh had taken Rs 22,000 fror the service and switched off his phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15400550", "title": "Busy days ahead for Narain", "text": "It's busy days ahead for actor Narain. Even as he is awaiting the release of his big Kollywood debut, 'Mugammoodi', where he plays a superhero villain the first time in his career, the actor has bagged a couple of interesting projects in Malayalam, including 'EMSum Penkuttiyum', 'Jewel Thief' and 'Ezhamathe Varavu'.\"In EMSum Penkuttiyum , I play this character called Selvaraghavan, who fights for the cause of Sri Lankan Tamils. It feels great to have bagged the role, for, this is the first time I'll be playing a Tamilian in a Malayalam film,\" says Narain. The film will start rolling in September.Jewel Thief will see the actor team up with producer Sabu Cherian, whose For The People paved the actor's way to filmdom. The film will be directed by Sajan. The actor also has in his kitty the much-delayed M T Vasudevan Nair-Hariharan flick, Ezhamathe Varavu . \"I'll be playing a historian in the flick,\" Narain informs. The film also stars Indrajith in a prominent role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15397672", "title": "We are happy with Yuvraj's recovery: Shukla", "text": "NEW DELHI: IPL governing council chairman Rajeev Shukla said the BCCI is satisfied with Yuvraj Singh's improvement and is hopeful of his availability during the World T20.\"He has been practising hard at the National Cricket Academy for one month. The physios and the trainers are keeping a close watch on him,\" Shukla said at the promotional event regarding Champions League T20 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15398505", "title": "Casinos will be moved out of Mandovi: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said he would ensure that all floating casinos would be out of the River Mandovi before his term ends and emphasized that he doesn't need the revenue from casinos to run the government.The floating casinos would be moved out of the river in a targeted manner. \"I will ensure that but it will take some time,\" Parrikar said.Taking a strong line against gambling, he refuted allegations made by Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco that BJP has shown double standards on the issue. \"I am strongly against gambling. I don't mind, we can close it,\" he told the Goa assembly. He challenged the opposition to support setting up a house committee to inquire into the casino issue. \"I can prove how kickbacks were taken,\" he said.Asserting that he is personally against gambling, Parrikar said he gambled once to know how it operates. This was when he, during a visit to the US, went to Las Vegas. He said he played with one cent to see how it is played.Parrikar tried to explain the situation by stating that \"there are principles of life\" on one hand and \"administrative problems\" on the other.He said casino money would be utilized for homes for the aged, to treat people suffering from Alzheimer's, etc. \"We don't want to use the money to buy computers for students,\" he said.To a question by Fatorda MLA Vijai Sardesai whether the boat Maharaja has a licence, Parrikar said he would place the matter before the regulator to be appointed as per the amendment bill to the Goa Gambling Act.He said that if a promoter decided to transfer the license, then the government cannot be blamed. In the amendment to the gambling bill, it will be done officially by paying a fee, he added.The chief minister also made a mention of Gopal Kanda who had to resign as Haryana home minister in connection with the suicide of his former employee Geetika Sharma. On the issue of transfer of licence, Parrikar wondered how Kanda had got a license to run an offshore casino.Referring to Reginaldo, Parrikar said it was the Congress, of which the MLA is a member, that brought casino gambling into the state. \"Who gave licences to the offshore casino operators? I've never given a single licence,\" Parrikar said, pointing out that four months after his government came to power, the number of casinos have reduced. Only four are operating in the River Mandovi and 12 onshore, he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15396842", "title": "Bhanwari trial: Defence arguments from today", "text": "JODHPUR: The CBI on Tuesday completed its arguments in the ongoing trial in the murder of nurse Bhanwari Devi in Jodhpur. From Wednesday, the defence will begin its arguments challenging the chargesheet.Senior special counsel of CBI, Ashok Joshi, narrated the entire conspiracy in the court during this period. \"We completed our arguments on Tuesday, which had started from the background of Bhanwari Devi, her coming into contact with Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi and her growing intimacy with them, incidents leading to the relationship among them getting strained and she becoming a threat for them and finally her abduction and murder,\" said Joshi.The CBI has produced all the evidences - circumstantial, concrete or documentary -- before the court.The trial had begun in the court of ACJM (SC/ST Cases) on May 14 after a number of deferments on one ground or the other. The trial stopped on account of summer breaks followed by the transfer of the then magistrate. The trial resumed afresh after two months on July 25 after the incumbent magistrate Girish Kumar Sharma assumed the charge.Meanwhile, except Mahipal Maderna, all 15 accused were present in the court on Tuesday. Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, meanwhile, pleaded exemption from appearance in the court on Wednesday on health grounds. Joshi said he moved an application in the court saying that he has an appointment with a doctor in Ajmer, which the court accepted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "15396753", "title": "Two choppers carrying food, medical team to flood-hit Uttarkashi", "text": "DEHRADUN: The Uttarakhand government on Tuesday sent over 10,000 food packets and a medical team on two helicopters to flood-hit areas of Uttarkashi to speed up relief and rescue operations.Principal secretary (disaster management) Om Prakash told reporters here that the helicopter carrying the medical team could not reach Uttarkashi due to bad weather conditions. The team was expected to attend to about 20,000 residents trapped in villages that are cut off from motorable roads and over 5000 pilgrims and travellers stranded at Gangori, Dodital and Sangam Chatti areas since July 4, he said.Prakash said 28 people have so far died due to flash floods and massive landslides triggered by three major cloudburst and other rain-related incidents in different parts of Uttarkashi districts on July 4.Residents trapped in villages in Sangam Chatti area said they are cut off from Uttarkashi and other nearby market areas in district for the past three days and don't have anything to eat. \"We are trapped and unable to go to anywhere to purchase anything,\" said Mahesh Singh Rawat of Gangori village.Teams of ITBP and National Disaster Relief Force would airdrop food packets to victims on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15396870", "title": "Setting the house in order, Jaitley's top priority", "text": "JAIPUR: A stronger organization is what everyone in the state BJP is looking forward to. Amidst rumours about a change in party leadership, legislators to office bearers of the state BJP are hoping that senior leader Arun Jaitley would be able to sort out the differences well in time for the party to put up a united front during the next assembly elections.While Jaitley is expected to hold meetings with district party presidents, former legislators among others, the state party's core committee is likely to meet this month, once former chief minister Vasundhara Raje is in town. According to sources, Jaitley would also be part of the core committee meeting which would discuss the much-needed organizational changes. Jaitley's assessment on the meetings is also expected to be discussed during the same meeting.The state BJP, for quite some time now, has been in the news for the not-so-subtle differences and tug-of-wars among the senior party members. The party high command's decision to intervene in the state party affairs is seen by political experts as timely and warranted.Senior leaders in the state claim that the message of discipline has already been spread among the members and workers, which will strengthen the party. With regular visits and a keen eye of the party high command on the state affairs, the dissidents are expected to lower their voices and repeated demands of change are likely to become lesser.Jaitley, on Sunday, had held closed door, one-to-one meeting with almost 40 party members including office bearers, national executive members and legislators. While with some the meeting did not even last over 3 minutes, with a few others the senior leader held talks for almost 20 minutes.\"Jaitley's questions were also regarding strengthening the organization. Bringing in certain changes was discussed by several workers, the senior leader concentrated on setting the house in order first. However, he did not rule out that some key changes are on the cards but the decision will not be rushed,'' said a senior party member who met Jaitley on Sunday.Sources claimed that with the mandal and district elections within the party being skipped, the selection of the party president has become crucial and is a sensitive issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15397669", "title": "Father, son electrocuted", "text": "AKOLA: The callous attitude of MSEB claimed the lives of a father and son in Gudadhi village on the outskirts of the city, on Monday night. Pyarelal More (45) and his son Pankaj (16) got electrocuted within minutes of each other.According to sources, Pankaj had gone outside the house to drink water but came in contact with a broken electric line and got electrocuted. Pyarelal who woke up on hearing some sound came outside and saw Pankaj fallen across the bicycle. Unaware that Pankaj had been electrocuted Pyarelal tried to pick him up, but he too got electrocuted.After sometime Pyarelal's wife woke up and on seeing the dead bodies alerted the neighbours. But the two were already dead.Sources said that the villagers notified the police who sent the bodies for post mortem. Later on, angry villagers took the bodies to Vidyut Bhavan to protest the callous attitude of the electricity board in repairing broken lines. On being assured by the superintendent engineer, Sharad Bhise, that action will be taken against those responsible for the incident, the bodies were taken away from Vidyut Bhavan premises for the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15400839", "title": "Sharmila Mandre's decision has finally paid off", "text": "Sharmila Mandre had decided earlier to opt for films of substance and only chose roles that gave her space to show off her talents. She preferred to wait than take up films that came her way. Though she was not seen in any Kannada films for more than year, her decision to accept films of quality has paid off.She will now be seen in Tamil film Mirattal in which she is teamed up with Bangalore boy Vinay. Sharmila had invited few of her friends and media personalities for a special show of Mirattal in PVR multiplex on the day of the release.One thing that was clear to people who knew her was that she has changed for the better. Her glamour quotient has surely shot up. She's more bubbly, more chirpy and more spontaneous. Her debut in Tamil film Mirattal has opened well and she will take up more films in Kollywood. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "15397757", "title": "No system to measure rainfall in Daltonganj", "text": "DALTONGANJ: There is no mechanism so far to record rainfall at 283 panchayats in Palamu. Sources said the absence of rainfall record at panchayats kept the district officials in dark about the agrarian activities in villages.Citing an example, an official said parts of Satbarwa block have this time bumper crop of maize. \"Here the rainfall was not as heavy as in some parts of Lesliganj block where the crop yield is far less poor in comparison to Satbarwa. Maize is wasted in huge rain. Lesliganj recorded more rainfall than Satbarwa,\" he added.But when it comes to record rainfall, the district level measurement matters.According to district agricultural officer, the district recorded 303 mm of rainfall in July. He could not give to the state agriculture director KK Soan any idea of rainfall percentage in 20 blocks having a total of 283 panchayats. \"We are helpless because there is no recording system.\"Soan also conceded that there must be some mechanism to record rainfall at panchayat levels. \"Recording of rainfall is not a very expensive affair and it can be done at the panchayat secretariat,\" said Soan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396630", "title": "Cops send Kanda notice, set to question him today", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after his ex-employee Geetika Sharma killed herself, blaming him in her suicide note, former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda was asked to appear for questioning in the case. Delhi Police sent a notice to Kanda on Tuesday and he is expected to appear for questioning today.Sources said Kanda and his employee Aruna Chaddha may be arrested in a day or two as both are accused of intimidating Geetika, who was a director with Kanda's MDLR Group. \"We have also added section 506 of IPC (criminal intimidation and threat),\" a senior officer said.On Tuesday, police questioned Chaddha, MDLR Group's legal adviser Ankit Ahluwalia and another employee, Mandeep Singh . Police, however, did not discuss Singh's role in the case.Officials said both Kanda and Chaddha would be questioned on the basis of Geetika's call details.Brother demands CBI probe, minister's arrestAnkit Sharma , Geetika's brother, has demanded a CBI probe into her death, saying she was agitated when he last spoke to her around 1am on Sunday. \"She said continuous harassment in the form of calls and messages from (Gopal) Kanda and Aruna (Chaddha) was driving her insane. She was scared,\" he said, demanding that Kanda be arrested, given the evidence of his links with Geetika and the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15395532", "title": "Taste of India now 'behind the bars'", "text": "VADODARA: Jail inmates in Gujarat can savour something more than just the bland daal and rotis. They can relish some flavoured milk and ice cream behind the bars.The state's prison department has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the country's largest co-operative Amul for starting its outlets in the jails. In fact, Amul has already started two outlets in Ahmedabad's Sabarmati Jail and one in Surat jail.And, it is getting positive response from the jail inmates and their visiting relatives.Sources in the Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) said that they are planning to open a total of 20 outlets in different prisons in Gujarat.\"Amul outlets are viable at all the places and our jail outlets are getting encouraging response from the inmates. We have already launched three jail outlets and 17 more will follow,\" said GCMMF managing director, R S Sodhi.Senior jailor of Vadodara central jail N A Desai, who was earlier posted in Surat, said, \"The inmates in Surat jail were all up for the Amul products including flavoured milk, srikhand and buttermilk. We got a positive response from them. The jail staff was also delighted as earlier they had to travel long distances for buying milk and other products.\" Desai added that plans are afoot to start the next Amul outlet in Vadodara central jail.\"It would come up near the main gate of the jail. Inmates can order the products from inside and the bill amount would be debited from their allowance or they can pay up. Even commoners would be able to buy from the outlet,\" Desai added. The joint endeavor will not only add flavour to the inmates' lunches and dinners but also work for their welfare.P C Thakur, inspector general (IG) prisons, Gujarat \"Under the MoU, two per cent of the profits from the Amul outlets in the jails will be donated to the prisoners' welfare fund. The money will be used for various welfare activities we carry out for helping the jail inmates.\"Considering the large number of prisoners lodged in the jails, it will be a completely new market for Amul. And, with the initiative getting encouraging response the milk co-operative may do brisk business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15401593", "title": "Miss Pooja and Roshan Prince at Jugni concert", "text": "Miss Pooja and Roshan Prince will be performing live for the audience of UK. Zoom Media UK, 9X Tashan UK and RT Entertainment is organising this Live In Concert tour in four cities of UK.This tour will be begin on 24th August from Birmingham and reach Manchester on September 1st for final farewell. Pooja and Prince will also be performing at Leicester on 25th August and London on 31st August.\"Miss Pooja is one of the biggest crowd puller and Roshan Prince is young heartthrob. Their fans in UK were waiting for them to perform live there. So we have planned a huge live concert 'Jugni' in UK Live Tour to quench their thirst for dancing endlessly to Bhangra beats. So peeps from UK get ready to groove with Miss Pooja and Roshan Prince!!,\" said Romy, representative of RT Entertainment. Source: justpanjabi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15397779", "title": "Kshemal scalps five; VVS Laxman slams century", "text": "BANGALORE: Medium-pacer Kshemal Waingankar took five for 76 for the Mumbai Cricket Association against Rajasthan in a rain-curtailed Shafi Darashah tie, on Tuesday. Rajasthan batted first and scored 277. In reply, Mumbai were 253-4, with Swapnil Salvi batting on 115.Meanwhile, VVS Laxman warmed up for the upcoming season at home with an unbeaten 102 while playing for Hyderabad CA against KSCA President's XI.Brief scores:At Gangotri Glades: Rajasthan CA: 277 all out in 83.3 overs (Ankit Lamba 56, Azim Akhtar 32; Kshemal Waingankar 5-76, Balwinder Singh Sandhu (Jr) 2-52, Rakesh Prabhu 2-87) vs Mumbai CA: 154/0 in 50 overs (Swapnil Salvi 115 batting, Kaustubha Pawar 34 batting). Rain curtailed play.In Bangalore: KSCA XI: 284 all out in 89.1 overs (CM Gautham 63, R Vinay Kumar 27; Enamul Hoque (Jr) 6-119) vs Bangladesh 'A': 188/7 in 62 overs (Md. Imrul Kayes 37, Md. Shamsur Rehman Shuvo 35, Mominul Haque Sowrab 52, Md. Mithun 35 batting; K Gowtham 4-59).At BGS: KSCA Colts: 279/9 in 100.3 overs (Mayank Agarwal 91, Sunil Raju 76, Pawan Deshpande 46, Anirudh Joshi 35 batting; Pirdaush Bhaja 5-90, Murtuja Vohora 2-56) vs Baroda CA. Rain curtailed play.At Mysore: KSCA President's XI: 278/9 in 90 overs (Sinan Abdul Khader 28; Ravi Kiran 4-35) vs Hyderabad CA: 253/4 in 78 overs (Akshath Reddy 105, VVS Laxman 102 batting).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397093", "title": "Canteen, housekeeping staff see bleak future", "text": "GURGAON: With no immediate signs of work resuming at the Maruti Suzuki India Limited (MSIL) plant being visible, the ones dependent on it for their livelihood are getting worried by the day. While most of the workers have fled and remain untraceable, there are others like the canteen employees and housekeeping staff who are still reporting to work daily.\"We were around 300 employees working in the canteen and we used to cook for 7000 employees. However, ever since the horrific incident took place we don't have much work. Out of the 300 employees, only 125 of us are still working. The rest have been asked to go on leave and they will return as and when plant reopens. At present we are cooking for around 2,000 cops that are stationed inside the plant. All of us are worried about our jobs because if the lockout continues for some more weeks, our contractor might ask us to leave,\" said one of the employees. Meanwhile the neighbouring villagers say that they have not been able to meet any Maruti officials yet. \"We are still waiting for an opportunity to meet the officials, however we have not decided on when to have the mahapanchayat again,\" said Moolchand, sarpanch, Dhana village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15396682", "title": "Child panel starts monitoring implementation of Right to Education Act", "text": "BHOPAL: With monsoon in full fury, the state commission for protection of child rights (SCPCR) has commenced inspection of schools which are not equipped to combat the heavy rains. Besides, random checking would also be done of schools of which the commission has received information from NGOs and other agencies.The SCPCR is entrusted with the task of monitoring the implementation of the Right to Education Act (RTE) in the schools of the state.Chairperson Usha Chaturvedi talking to TOI said, \"One of the important roles of the commission is monitoring of RTE in the state. We have commenced with the random inspection of the schools which are in a dilapidated condition. The random checking would be done on suo motu basis as well.\"On Monday, Chaturvedi accompanied with members Vibhanshu Joshi, R H Lata and block education officer (BEO) Narendra Sharma visited Nirmal Meera School near Chirayu Hospital. One building hosts two schools- girls and boys.\"The building was in an extremely dilapidated condition. The ceiling was leaking and plastic sheets were used to keep away the rain, making it unsafe for students. The walls had become damp. Besides, the contractor who was entrusted with constructing a new toilet ran away mid-way, forcing children to use the old one. The collector has been apprised of the situation,\" said Chaturvedi.The commission had prior information about the school. Also the two headmistresses of the school's also did not get along well with each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15397807", "title": "Eid-ul-Fitr: Sober dresses are back in fashion", "text": "VARANASI: Gone are the days when women, while shopping for Eid-ul-Fitra, used to choose heavy and overworked attires. If the shopkeepers of the city are to believed, the trend of smart and sober dresses is back. According to Aman-ul-Haq, owner of a shop at Nai Sarak, cotton and cotton-silk dress materials have captured the market and are selling like hot cakes this festive season.\"Women are preferring comfortable clothes with less work on them keeping the humid weather in mind. Printed cotton dress materials with embroidery and hint of sparkle are most in demand,\" he informed.With Eid just a few days away, prominent markets of the city are witnessing heavy rush of men and women purchasing clothes for the occasion.While a number of showrooms and shops at Nai Sarak, Dalmandi, Godowlia, Gurubagh have come up with the new stock, huge number of makeshift shops can also be seen at Nai Sarak and Godowlia markets catering to a particular section of customers.\"Cotton-silk dress material, ranging from Rs 800 to Rs 2000, is the priority of an average customer. There are few takers for sarees this season. Most of the dress materials are purchased from Surat and Bombay,\" informed Saif, another shopkeeper at Nai Sarak area.This year, shopkeepers are witnessing a remarkable shift from readymade garments to dress materials paving way for the tailors to earn some money during this festive season. \"Customers are buying sober dress materials and then putting in additional effort of designing from a tailor or boutique of the city.Additional attributes like matching metal beads, 'kaudi', colourful buttons are purchased to prepare stylish salwar kameez,\" informed Saif. According to Prakash, a tailor in the city, almost 40 to 50 additional customers throng in each day to get their dresses stiched.\"Women are coming up with their own designer ideas and all we have to do is stitch the dress according to their demand,\" he informed. Tailors in Dalmandi, Nai Sarak, Chetganj, Lahurabir are also confirming heavy rush of customers. While different markets of the city are selling all kinds of dresses, Dalmandi market is also flooded with huge varities of 'burqas'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397726", "title": "Panel formed to delineate Sahyadri buffer", "text": "NAGPUR: After being pulled up by the Supreme Court, the state government has constituted an expert committee to delineate the boundaries of buffer for Sahyadri Tiger Reserve (STR).STR, under Kolhapur wildlife division, was notified on January 5, 2010. It consists of Chandoli National Park (317.67 sq km) and Koyna Wildlife Sanctuary (423.55 sq km). As per the Wildlife Protection Act 1972, it was mandatory to notify buffer zone for tiger reserves.The committee was constituted on July 26. Principal chief conservator of forest (wildlife), Maharashtra, SWH Naqvi will be the chairman of the committee while chief conservator of forests (CCF) for wildlife and territorial, Kolhapur, honorary wildlife warden of Kolhapur, retired forest officer V B Sawarkar, Pune, Dr S R Yadav of Kolhapur University, Kishor Rithe, president of Satpuda Foundation, and additional APCCF (wildlife), Mumbai, will be members.The Supreme Court on July 24, 2012, had expressed displeasure on states delaying buffer notifications of tiger reserves and had imposed a cost of Rs10,000 on defaulting states. Maharashtra has already notified buffer for Melghat, Tadoba and Pench. The committee will meet on August 9 at Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396292", "title": "Driving on Vijayawada-Hyderabad national highway to cost a bomb", "text": "HYDERABAD: Travelling on the 272km Vijayawada-Hyderabad national highway is going to be fast but costly what with the contractors gearing up to complete the four-lane road project in October. While the contractors promise world class travel, the proposed toll could certainly burn a hole in the pockets of passengers.Three toll plazas would come up at Patangi in Choutuppal mandal, Korlapahad in Ketepalli mandal in Nalgonda district and at Bheemavaram in Vatsavayi mandal of Krishna district. Sources said one would be forced to shell out a toll of Rs 140, which would be applicable from October, when the 'controversial' road project would be completed.Vehicles are being classified into five categories for collecting the toll fee. Two, three-wheelers and tractors used for agriculture purposes would be exempted from the toll fee, while 25% concession would be given to vehicles travelling on both sides of the highway on the same day. Sources said the executioners of the project have the liberty to hike or slash the toll fee based on market rate indexes.A recent survey done by a private agency indicated that 28,000 vehicles, on an average, would be plying daily on the highway. As per the agreement reached with the National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI), GMR Hyderabad-Vijayawada Expressways Ltd would execute the four/six-lane works in a stretch of 181.5 km on build, operate and transfer (BOT) basis with a concession period of 25 years. As per the terms of the order with GMR Hyderabad-Vijayawada Expressways Ltd, Punj Lloyd was to develop 116.5 km stretch on engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) basis.The expansion project on the highway was taken up from Dandumalkapuram in Choutuppal mandal in Nalgonda district to Nandigama in Krishna district, covering a distance of 181.5 km.Works on the project were launched in March 2010 at a cost of Rs 1,470 crore. This route, which was known as NH-9, has been changed in the gazette as NH-65 now.Sources said works in an extent of 170km have been completed, while bypass roads at Narketpally, Akupamula, Sher Mohmmadpet and Nawabpet villages would be laid. Works on Choutuppal, Chityal, Kattamgur, Ketepalli and Suryapet bus shelters are in primary stage.\"As per the agreement, works on the highway should be completed in October. The contractors cannot charge the toll fee if the works are not completed fully,\" Sailaja, project director of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI), said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15396895", "title": "Attack on block president: FIR against ex-minister's son", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after 60-year-old Raghuveer Singh, block president of Phagi from Congress, was shot at in Vidhyadhar Nagar area; police are probing the role of former minister Hamida Begum and her son Tanveer Ahmed in the case.An FIR was lodged against Tanveer on Tuesday, but the police are not ruling out the involvement of Hamida in the attack on Singh.Singh was on his way to meet a lawyer who works from Alankar Plaza building when he was shot at. One of the bullets pierced into his right leg. The bone was fractured. Some passers-by informed the police.\"We recorded the victim's statement, where in, he claimed that he had a property dispute with Tanveer and his mother Hamida. Singh registered an FIR with the police in this regard. He claimed that Tanveer had threatened to kill him last year,\" said the sub-inspector who's investigating the case. Hamida is a former state minister.\"We sent a team to Tanveer's residence in Jhotwara. However, he could not be found there. His cellphone is also switched off,\" he said. Police said teams have been rushed to various places to search for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15397609", "title": "Parking ground work gains pace", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The work in connection with the construction of a parking ground in place of the old vegetable market here is progressing.Municipality had auctioned off the contract for demolishing the old building here a month ago and according to the agreement the work had to be completed within one month of signing the contract. Though the deadline is over, the demolition will extend for a few more days.Once the work is over municipality will convert this space into a parking ground. Public face difficulties in finding a space for parking inside the town due to the narrow roads.Municipality has also plans of converting this space into a multi-level parking plaza in the future. But the project is yet to be discussed in the municipal council. Municipal chairman Sunny Kalloor said that the cost of the proposed parking plaza will be earmarked in the plan fund of this year. \"If we get the fund by this December work for the plaza will begin from the beginning of next year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15396465", "title": "Atrocity case: High court accepts Parimal Trivedi\u2019s plea for moving case to another trial court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Tuesday allowed the plea filed by former Gujarat University vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi to shift the trial against him in atrocity case out of the city sessions court.Granting Trivedi's demand for change of court on the ground of his apprehension that the judge was biased, Justice R H Shukla has referred the issue to the Chief Justice for finalizing the court, which will try the former VC.The case was filed by a GLS Arts College faculty Pankaj Shirmali, who complained on May 3, 2008 that Trivedi hurled castiest abuse at him, on the university campus. The police investigation lasted four years and saw many twists and turns. Earlier this year, Trivedi was arrested, released on bail and then charge-sheeted. Finally the case was committed to the special judge in the city sessions court.Before the court proceeded with the matter, Trivedi moved the HC seeking change of court on the ground that he feared the possibility of conviction, if he was tried before a particular court. He demanded his case to be shifted to court other than city sessions court because the case was pertaining to dalit atrocity.Trivedi's counsel \u2014 Prakash Thakker, contended that the lower court judge did not accommodate in adjournments and cited instances showing how the court granted few days to Trivedi for filing reply. He also submitted that when Trivedi informed the lower court that he intended to move the HC for transfer of court, the judge warned him of dire consequences for such an action. \"Looking at the way the proceeding was going on, the VC felt that the court was biased,\" the senior counsel said adding that they cited the Supreme Court orders saying that even if based on apprehension, sentiments of the litigant have to be respected by courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15401695", "title": "Fiza's death becomes talking point in police circles of Punjab, Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Though the district police of Mohali have failed to make any conclusive breakthrough in the mysterious death of the controversial and high profile Fiza Mohammed, aka Anuradha Bali, former wife of ex-deputy chief minister of Haryana, the case has become the talking point in the police circles of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh.A senior Punjab police official told the TOI, \"Minutes after the recovery of Fiza's body on August 6, the first call was received from a senior police official of Haryana police enquiring about Fiza and the circumstances in which the body was recovered.\" Meanwhile, few sleuths of the CID wing of Haryana police also rushed to the house of Fiza on August 6.The Chandigarh police officials are equally curious about the case and have been keeping a close watch on the investigation of the nearby district police Mohali. Sources in the crime branch of Mohali police said, \"Sleuths of different cells of Chandigarh police are regularly calling us to know about the latest developments and findings in the investigation of Fiza's mysterious death.\"A SHO rank official of Chandigarh police said, \"Fiza was a regular visitor of sector 9 based discotheque Arizona during every weekend especially Saturday but did not come for the last two weeks. After her death, several disco goers have been calling me enquiring about the woman.\"Her death is also a talking point in the Punjab police headquarters, sector 9. An IG rank official in the headquarters told the TOI, \"Whoever visits me in my office, his first reaction and question is about Fiza Mohammed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "15397749", "title": "DC sanctions Rs 3cr for bridge over Charowa dam", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Hazaribag deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan on Tuesday allocated Rs 3 crore for construction of a new bridge over the Charowa Dam reservoir linking Hazaribag Town with the Katkumsandi-Chatra road.The existing bridge which is narrow and cannot bear the load of heavy traffic was constructed by the DVC in 1950. There was a long-felt demand from the local MP and MLA to upgrade the bridge which was in a dilapidated condition and on the verge of collapseThe DC also released Rs 14 crore for widening of the Hazaribag-Katkumsandi-Chatra road after the state government released the funds for the purpose and to construct the approach road to the bridge.\"I have asked the executive engineers of the road construction department to immediately start work,\" Ranjan said.CM Arjun Munda during his visit to the district earlier this year had expressed his displeasure over the poor quality of the road and bridge and directed the principal secretary of road construction department to construct the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15397592", "title": "Shopping for Eid gradually picking up", "text": "KANPUR: With half of the holy month of Ramzan already over, the markets are getting decked up for the festival of Eid. The rush is increasing gradually and the people are crowding to buy new clothes, footwear, artificial jewellery etc. Naveen market, PPN market, Somdutt Plaza, P Road market and others remain open till late evening as buyers, especially women, reach in large numbers. During the day, people shop for 'khajur' and other eatable items for opening the fast.A large number of burka clad women can be witnessed buying new clothes. Girls are seen busy in buying bangles and other jewellery items. The Shiwala market is crowded with girls buying bangles and artificial jewellery. The shopkeepers are doing good business. Rush can also be seen in markets like Gumti, Kidwai Nagar and Lal Bangla.The shopkeepers are offering gifts and discounts. The shops in malls are also giving offers to attract buyers. Some are offering one free on two purchases other offer 50% discount on purchase of one readymade shirt or jeans for boys or suits and 'churidars' for girls.The shopkeepers selling electronic items like microwave oven, refrigerator, AC and kitchenware are making all attempts to lure Muslim women. Huge rush could be seen at crockery shops.The youth are crowding shops selling leather purses, belts, shoes etc. They are also queuing at shops selling jeans, shirts and T-shirts. The demand for leather shoes, wallets and belts has been on the rise. Youth are reaching Meston Road, P Road, Jajmau markets to buy these items.The rush for purchasing these items has multiplied in Kidwai Nagar market, where people from Babupurwa, Bakarganj and Ajeetganj come and shop. Shops remain open till 12 midnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15396863", "title": "Govt declares Barmer oil fields as prohibited area", "text": "JODHPUR: After deployment of 115 border homeguard commandos for the security of the oil fields of Cairn India at Barmer, the Governor of Rajasthan Margaret Alva has declared this entire area prohibited through a notification. Any persons trespassing in this prohibited area will be prosecuted now on.This measure is another step to ensure security of the oil fields by the state government. Barmer oil fields are contributing 30% to the total domestic oil production, which is set to grow further from the current 1.75 lakh barrel per day (bpd).\"This makes these oil fields sensitive and of national importance as it has contributed to bring down the oil import expenditure down by $9 billion,\" said an official.The company currently produces just over 1.75 lakh bpd from Mangala and Bhagyam oilfields in the Barmer block. It has permission to raise output to 235,000 bpd from Mangala, Bhagyam and Aishwariya fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15398317", "title": "Tomorrow is last date of receiving forms for Goa University student council elections", "text": "The last date for receiving forms for university class representatives (Form G) and university faculty representatives (Form F) from the affiliated colleges by the directorate of student welfare and cultural affairs (arts faculty building), Goa University, is on August 9 by 4pm and not August 10, as stated earlier. A corrigendum to this effect has already been sent to all the colleges concerned. Forms received beyond August 9 shall not be considered for elections to the executive committee of the student council.Phil Marie excels in music exam: Phil Marie dos Santos stood first among the seventh grade students in Goa at the Trinity College of London exams held in June-July. Sixteen-year-old Phil Marie scored 91 (Distinction) out of a possible 100 in her Grade 7 piano exam. Phil Marie, who is a student of Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Panaji , was trained by Jeanne Coello. She is the daughter of Joseph and Marian dos Santos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396025", "title": "Metro links to Najafgarh, Bahadurgarh get govt nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: Metro will now reach Bahadurgarh and Najafgarh with a ministerial panel on Tuesday approving three links of Delhi Metro phase III - from Dwarka to Najafgarh, extension of Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar line to Shiv Vihar and the extension from Mundka to Bahadurgarh.The Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) gave its approval to a 5.50km link from Dwarka to Najafgarh which will cost Rs 1,070 crore.This corridor is targeted for completion by DMRC in three years by 2015 and the estimated ridership will be 48,000 passengers per day in 2015 and 61,000 passengers per day in 2022.The panel also cleared the extension of Mukundpur-Yamuna Vihar line to Shiv Vihar.The Shiv Vihar link can later be extended to Bahadurgarh in Haryana. The fully elevated corridor will have seven stations--Mundka Industrial Area, Ghevra, Tikri Kalan, Tikri Border, Modern Industrial Estate, Bus Stand and City Park and will be completed at a cost of Rs 1,991 crore.\"This corridor is targeted for completion by March, 2016,\" said an official, adding that it will provide the much needed rapid transport facility between Delhi and Bahadurgah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396112", "title": "'Nooriya's car brakes okay'", "text": "MUMBAI: A car technician told an NDPS court on Tuesday that Nooriya Haveliwalal's SUV was in good condition when she allegedly knocked down two persons in 2010 at Marine Drive.The witness said the SUV's brakes were not faulty and were damaged only after the incident.It is the prosecution's case that Haveliwala who was drunk rammed her SUV on Jan 29, 2010, into a cop and a biker, killing them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15397539", "title": "Jolted, angry residents to protest to press upon authorities to solve problems", "text": "LUDHIANA: The residents of South City and Country Homes, near Sidhwan Canal, have decided to carry out a protest on Wednesday to press upon the authorities to resolve their problems.TOI had highlighted the problems of the locality and its residents on Monday. \"We have decided to form a resident's welfare association and carry out a protest demanding the required infrastructure in our area,\" said Kulwant Singh, 59, who owns NKH Hammers and resides at Country Homes.He said the residents have been regular sufferers of bad roads which often lead to accidents. \"The death of 26-year-old Rajanpratap has shaken us and instilled fear and agony in our minds,\" he added.Dr Vivek Saggar, 47, a dentist from the locality, said they will gather at Shivalik Petrol Pump, near Country Homes, to protest and will send a memorandum to the chief minister, deputy chief minister, PWD minister and to the chief secretary. \"We will form a residents welfare association too, on Wednesday, which will look after the problems we face,\" he added. Kamal Goyal, 50, a builder from the locality, said it is necessary for the residents to unite and raise their voice against the poor infrastructure of the area as they do not want anymore lives to be lost in their locality.Businessman Prem Singh, 61, said even the residents who are not in the city on Wednesday have expressed their support for the protest and have assured to join hands once they are back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15401584", "title": "Chief minister Mamata Banerjee inaugurates Rabindra Tirtha in Rajarhat.", "text": "KOLKATA: The much anticipated Rabindra Tirtha in Rajarhat New Town was inaugurated by chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday. Work of the complex was completed in a record nine months time only and the chief minister also formed a task force on the occasion for fully completing the rest of the minute works of the complex.Inaugurating the complex, the CM said that the government had earlier come up with a plan to bring the entire Rabindrasadan and Nandan surroundings into one cultural complex. \"We have asked for assistance from the centre to bring the surroundings of Rabindrasadan and Nandan in one cultural complex but we are yet to get any response. We then thought that why not giving a try by ourselves. It was then that I asked minister Firhad Hakim and urban development secretary Debashish Sen to set up a Rabindra Tirtha in Rajarhat,\"\" the CM said.The chief minister herself went to the back row on the stage as she put all the eminent personalities - singers Dwijen Mukhopadhaya, Mohan Singh , painter Jogen Chowdhury and Suvaprasanna and poet Joy Goswami on the front row and felicitated them. Followed by a chorus and an opening song by Mohan Singh, There was solo performances by singers Dwijen Mukhopadhaya and Swagatalakhsmi Dasgupta followed by a dance drama.The Rabindra Tirtha that has been set up on five acre of plot has been completed in a record nine months. The centre has a central auditorium, exhibition hall, film archive, art gallery, dormitories and guest cottages, a waterbody and a Tagore statue within the complex. It will be complete research centre on Rabindranath Tagore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15400232", "title": "Google doodles London 2012 basketball", "text": "NEW DELHI: London 2012 basketball doodle is the 13th in the series being released by the search engine giant since the opening ceremony of the Games.Continuing with its innovation of animated doodles, Google displayed yet another interactive doodle on Wednesday as a sign of its support to the sporting extravaganza.In the London 2012 basketball doodle, a male basketball player dressed in blue is seen ready for action inside a stadium.The player springs into action once the blue button on the doodle is clicked.The London 2012 basketball doodle allow users to play and have fun.The doodle has been designed in an interactive fashion allowing users to play by using the computer's keyboard. The users can make the player start shooting basketballs by pressing the spacebar of the keyboard.The longer a user holds down the spaebar the more power the player attains in shooting the ball.The game becomes more challenging as a user goes on scoring.Like the sport, the player has to shoot the ball to the hoop and score the highest points within the limited time i.e 24 seconds.The time is displayed on the board behind the seats.And keeping the tradition of the sport in the doodle, the countdown starts with the first throw of the ball.The logo of Google in the doodle is seen at the seats.Since the opening ceremony London 2012 Olympics, Google has doodle depicted 5 athletes playing different sports including football, basketball, swimming, fencing, running, and javelin throw.The London Olympics 2012, officially the Games of the XXX Olympiadis, kicked off on 27 July, 2012 and will conclude on August 12, 2012.About 10,000 athletes from 204 countries are participating in the games.London Olympics 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397484", "title": "HC takes tough stand against loan sharks", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has directed the director general of police to furnish details of cases registered against unauthorised money lenders across UP and the current status of the cases. The court suggested that the state government impose Gangster Act against the erring money lenders and also confiscate their properties acquired by such misdeeds. The matter will come for hearing on August 21.The court stressed on strict compliance of the UP Regulation of Money Lending Act, 1976. \"Inaction on the part of the authorities, who are responsible for implementation of the Act in appropriate cases can make them vicariously liable for criminal liabilities,\" said Justice Sudhir Kumar Saxena.The court expressed displeasure over the state government's action in curbing the unauthorised moneylenders. As, deputy SP Lakshmi Narayan Mishra filed an affidavit before the court indicating that 69 persons have been prosecuted since 2007, the court reacted, \"This figure display the indifference on the part of the responsible authorities, as the fact cannot be gainsaid that people are parting with their properties, committing suicide because of the harassment meted out by the moneylenders especially in the villages of Bundelkhand and elsewhere.\" The court was also disturbed that the state government was unable to secure conviction of even one person in such cases.The court took it adversely that home secretary did not file his affidavit and the government advocate Rishad Murtaza was informing that the monitoring of money lending law fell within the contours of the revenue department and he asked principal secretary revenue to file an affidavit in compliance with court's order. \"Maintenance of law and order should be the topmost priority of the state. If the people are forced to commit suicide or transfer their properties under duress or to live under constant harassment, maintenance of law and order is definitely in question. Therefore it is not proper for the home department to say that it has nothing to do with the matter,\" observed the court. The court took note to a news item published in TOI on July 23, 2012 and said that rise in suicidal deaths also display that everything is not well.The court said that the legislature enacted the said Act of 1976 for protecting borrowers from exploitation at the hands of moneylenders, but the desired results have not been achieved till date. The court suggested as many as eight ways to deal with the menace of unauthorised moneylenders and sought the response of the state government. The court suggested that the government should sensitise the police and administration by seminars and workshops. \"The government should start helpline for awareness among people with the help of NGOs and social workers,\" said the court. It should also prepare the list of moneylenders at the district-level with the help of intelligence agencies. The court also suggested the state government to set up a corpus of two crore rupees in every district to give loans to people of lower income groups, so that they do not have to turn up to unauthorised moneylenders.The court was concerned on the issue during the course of hearing of a petition filed by Musharraf Ali alias Pervez. Though the petition was restricted to particular issue, the court enlarged the scope of the petition and passed the above orders.Government advocate Murtaza informed the court that in Lucknow, a number of unauthorised moneylenders were tracked and challaned by police due to wide publicity. The court said that the suggestions have been made by the members of the bar and they are worth consideration at the level of the state government. The court also summoned the status of cases registered against erring moneylenders in the state, so that it could direct for their expeditious disposal by the respective court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15397291", "title": "Fiza's death: Cops couldn't deposit viscera samples in forensic science laboratory on time", "text": "MOHALI: Mohali police could not deposit the samples of whisky, glass, snacks and cigarettes taken from the resident of Fiza in the forensic science laboratory (FSL) in Kharar as the cops reached after 2 pm by when the lab had closed.\"Samples were scheduled to be examined in the FSL to ascertain the presence of any objectionable substances, including poison etc but cops failed to approach the laboratory during the working hours,\" sources told TOI.Now the samples would be deposited on Wednesday, added sources.Viscera samples of Fiza's body would be sent to government Rajindra hospital in Patiala for chemical examination on Thursday. They were handed over to district police by doctors at civil hospital, Phase-VI, after postmortem of Fiza was conducted during late evening hours on August 6.A senior police officer said, \"Officials of FSL, Kharar, and government Rajindra Hospital were telephonically requested for sending the reports of all the samples as soon as possible.\"The police have also recovered a pair of jeans and a top, which Fiza was wearing at the time of her death, and will deposit with the FSL, for further examination.Police sources said it was really puzzling them that though Fiza was wearing jeans and a top but a dupatta was wrapped around her neck, which beats any dressing sense.Though, police have failed to make any conclusive comment on the mysterious death of Fiza in the absence of report of viscera samples, family members and close friends of Fiza are not ready to buy the theory that there could not be foul play behind the death.Rohit Mahajan, known as family advocate of Fiza and an old classmate during their law studies, said, \"Fiza always slept in her room situated on the first floor of her house and recovery of her body from the ground floor has raised suspicion.\"Mahajan said he had visited Fiza's house several times but she always preferred to sleep in her bedroom on the first floor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396699", "title": "'Malad girl was excited about her wedding'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bangur Nagar police are probing what could have driven MBA graduate Smiti Puri to end her life by leaping off the terrace of her six-storey building at Malad on Monday. Residents had told the police that Smiti appeared tense as she was pacing about in the compound minutes before she committed suicide. Her family members, however, said that she did not appear depressed and was excited about her wedding which was scheduled to take place in January.Around 11pm on Sunday, Smiti had called up her grandfather in Upper Govind Nagar in Malad (E). Her grandfather told police that she did not seem upset and discussed wedding plans.\"She had a chat with her sisters and appeared cheerful before going to bed,\" an official said. Society residents are clueless as to what could have pushed her over the edge.They described Smiti as a simple and innocent girl with few close friends.At 9.45am on Monday, a ground-floor resident of the society's 'A' wing heard a thud and he saw Smiti sprawled on the ground outside. \"Smiti resided on the sixth-floor of 'C' wing. The society terrace is usually locked. But as the elevator door of the 'A' wing wasn't functioning properly, its terrace entrance had been kept open to facilitate residents from the top three floors to walk across to the other wings and use their elevator. Smiti seemed to be that the terrace entrance to the 'A' wing was open. A female resident later told us she had seen Smiti climb up all six floors of the 'A' wing staircase to reach the terrace,\" a police official.Smiti's father, Ajay (55), who is employed with a private firm, and her younger sisters, Disha (23) and Rasika (20), were at home when the incident took place. They told the police that Smiti had woken up around 7 am and left the apartment around 9.15 am.The Bangur Nagar police are recording the statements of Smiti's family and are likely to examine her phone call records.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15398010", "title": "Nagpur fire department rescues 15 caught in floods", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 15 people trapped at Chichghat confluence in Kuhi tehsil were rescued by the city's fire and emergency services department on Tuesday. According to fire officials, the villagers were stuck in the confluence along with their cows, goats and buffaloes.The bridge over the river at that spot was submerged under the water and so they were stuck on the other side of the confluence. The district collectorate received information on their plight and rushed the fire department to the spot.Chief fire officer Rajendra Uchake told TOI that a team of 10 firemen led by in-charge of city's disaster management cell Keshav Kothe had been sent along with boats, who rescued them safely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15397665", "title": "Flash flood devastated the lives of many", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It was a horrible day for Thundathil Biju, who lost five of his family members in the flood waters on Monday night at Pulloorampara, at the outskirts of the district.Huge boulders fell on his house following the landslide at Cherusserymala when the family was inside the house. Biju, who is engaged in timber sales, had gone to Kozhikode on Monday evening when the mishap occurred. When he returned in the night all that was left was the remnants of the house.It was the body of Biju's three-year-old son Allen that was recovered from the debris on Monday night. Bodies of his father Joseph, mother Elikutty, wife Lisy and younger son Joel were recovered on Tuesday morning.The bodies have been shifted to the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital. District authorities are exploring the possibility of handing over the bodies without postmortem examination. The deceased will be laid to rest at the Pulloorampara St Joseph church on Wednesday.Many families lost their livelihood and belongings in the flood. The house of Malikkallel Sunitha, whose engagement was to be held on August 12, has been completely devastated in the floods. She lost everything including the eight soverign of gold kept in the house for the marriage.Along with eight other families, Sunitha and her mother have been shifted to the Pulloorampara parish hall where a temporary relief camp has been set up. Kutttanchira Shaji lost his house, shop, rubber plantation and coconut farm.The rain that lashed the hills from Monday afternoon has left a trail of destruction in Pulloorampara and Kodencheri areas.The huge boulders that rolled down from the mountain damaged the roads. Power and phone connections were disrupted in most of the areas making rescue and relief works almost impossible. The personnel from the fire and rescue services with the help of local people did whatever they could to help people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15400971", "title": "A day-old girl baby rescued in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: An alert RPF (Tambaram) policemen rescued a day-old baby girl from a suburban train in Tambaram on Wednesday.S Sebastin, a SI attached to RPF (Tambaram) was on his way to duty and was travelling in a suburban train at around 10 am when he found K Chitra, a 25-year-old mother of the child, movement was suspicious as she tried to place the baby, which was bundled in a plastic cover, in a corner of a coach at Urapakkam station. Along with other few passengers, Sebastin enquired about her and the baby and a few minutes of hestitaion, Chitra told her intention that she want to abandon her baby as her family do not know she gave birth to a child.By the time, another passenger, Lakshmi Raguram, medical officer, State Human Rights Commission (medical wing) was also travelling on the coach and she checked the condition of the baby. \"Some of the commuters were giving milk to the baby as the baby after seeing the baby crying. The child is in good health,\" Lakshmi told TOI.Interestingly, Chitra gave birth on the road in Uthukottai, located on the Tamil Nadu - AP border) on Tuesday. Chitra stayed with her mother in Uthukottai. After giving birth, police said, Chitra admitted in a government hospital in Uthukottai but she left on Wednesday morning from the hospital and took a express train to reach Chengelpet where her relatives reside. But, once she landed in Chengelepet railway station, she abandoned her idea of meeting her relatives and took a suburban train. A case has been filed at the Tambaram RPF station. Later, the child and the mother were taken to the SHRC headoffice in Egmore for questioning. \"We will ensure the safety of the child and the mother as Chitra refused to go home,\" Lakshmi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15398318", "title": "Two killed as rain batters Malnad", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as contingency plans are being drafted to tackle drought in the state, heavy rain lashed the Malnad region and left a trail of displaced people, submerged roads, flattened homes and flooded fields. Road and rail traffic was also affected with many sections hit by landslides.A truck driver and his attendant were washed away near Annahole in Theerthahalli taluk on Tuesday morning when the driver lost control while negotiating an inundated bridge. Police are searching for the bodies.\"A week ago we finished cultivating the rice field. There was good rain and we expected a good crop but the flood has ruined everything. Nearly 40 acres of paddy fields are covered by flood water\", said Rohinakshi of Heggadde of Hassan district. The Tunga river is in spate following 220 mm of rain in 24 hours in Theerthahalli on Tuesday.The famous bird sanctuary at Mandagadde was also badly hit by the rising waters \u2014 thousands of birds perched atop trees on the banks could perish if the water level doesn't recede. Surging water completely filled the Tunga dam at Gajanur and authorities released 1 lakh cusecs of water into the river. Flood water has inundated several low-level areas.Malathi river near Agumbe too is in spate. The entire Western Ghats region received good rain over the past two days and the downpour is expected to continue for two more days. Many parts of Sringeri town are submerged in Tunga waters. The water has submerged Gandhi Maidan in the town, entered the dining hall and the Yathri Nivas near Sharadamba Temple.Malnad areas of Chikmagalur have received torrential rain. Kerekatte in Sringeri taluk got 315 mm in 24 hours and almost all taluks have been battered for three days. Landslips occurred at Jamble and Bhagavathi in Kudremukh area but roads have been cleared for traffic. Charmadi Ghat in Mudigere taluk also witnessed landslips and tree falls.On Tuesday morning, traffic movement was stalled when a huge tree fell on the road. The swollen Bhadra river also submerged many roads. Heavy rain also lashed Hassan and disrupted normal life. A landslide near Heggadde in Sakleshpur damaged paddy fields. == Police told to file objections to Pascal's bail pleaBangalore: The high court on Tuesday adjourned to August 21 the hearing on a bail plea filed by French official Pascal Mazurier, who was arrested on charge of raping his three-and- half-yearold daughter. Justice V Jagannathan has asked police to file their objections to the bail petition.Pascal (39), whose bail plea was dismissed by a fast-track court on July 26, said the trial court has failed to appreciate the fact that he enjoys diplomatic immunity, and also that the DNA test report has said that the sample doesn't match his profile. He claimed the case registered against him is a concocted one and he is not involved. He was arrested on June 19 following a complaint by his wife, Suja Jones Mazurier.RELIEF FOR NITYANANDAJustice V Jagannathan has granted interim stay on the June 18 order passed by a Ramanagaram court for conducting tests on Swami Nityananda, including one to ascertain if he is capable of sexual intercourse. As per the trial court order, the tests were have to been conducted on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15397325", "title": "Municipal corporation in Mohali still a distant dream", "text": "MOHALI: Despite getting a green signal for the formation of a municipal corporation in Mohali, implementation of the same seems to be a distant dream. With no house meetings and absence of councillors, public grievances of the region continue to be unaddressed.The problem started when Mohali municipal council was converted into municipal corporation \u2014 the council had 31 wards, but for a corporation at least 50 wards are mandatory. Considering that the government gives its nod for elections, it will take minimum six months for its proper formation.On January 2011, the Punjab government issued a notification to upgrade the status of the civic body to that of a municipal corporation with immediate effect, but without making any changes in its present working. With this, the Mohali municipal council, established in 1984, stands dissolved permanently, leaving all its 30 elected councillors, including president Rajinder Rana and vice-presidents Amrik Singh and Harpal Singh dismissed from office. This development came almost eight months before the end of their five-year term due in August 2011.On November 2011, the Punjab and Haryana high court had issued a notification to the Punjab government where it had converted the Mohali municipal council into municipal corporation. The orders were passed by the Justice M S Sullar while hearing petitions filed by former councillors of the dissolved municipal council Mohali, Manjit Singh Sethi and Manmohan.On May 2012, the Punjab and Haryana high court had dismissed the writ petition challenging the upgradation of municipal committee to municipal corporation. Till now nothing has been done by the government to conduct elections.In the absence of the councillors the development of Mohali had also taken a back seat. The only officer available for public dealings is deputy commissioner.Resident of Phase I, Harjinder Singh said, \"It's good that we have an MC, but sadly its just namesake. In absence of councillors who will address public grievances?\"Resident of Phase V, Sunanda Goyal said, \"The government should speed up the election process for MC. In absence of councillors all the developmental works in the area are hanging fire.\" MC commissioner Varun Roojam said, \"We have sent the case to Punjab government and are waiting for an approval. Once the approval is here, we will take about six months to form a proper corporation as elections need to be conducted. Councillors may not have been elected as of now, but we are here to listen and solve the problems of the residents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "karnal ", "code": "15397220", "title": "Chief of Haryana women and child development dept urges strict action against shelter home miscreants", "text": "KARNAL : The director general of Haryana women and child development (WCD) department on Tuesday directed the officials of district administration and police for strict action against the management of a shelter home which was sealed last week.Sumita Mishra, the DG, WCD, issued the directive after meeting the inmates, who were shifted to Nirmal Dham, a unit of Shardhanand Ashram, a shelter home run by Arya Samaj. Three girls, who were shifted from Apna Ghar last year and their father, who spilled the beans of disgraced shelter home a fortnight ago were among those who had a detailed interaction with Sumita Mishra, who recorded their statements as well. \"Allegations against the management were of serious nature and the government had already asked the local authorities not to show any let ups in taking action,'' said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396498", "title": "Hayatnagar SI suspended", "text": "HYDERABAD: Cyberabad police commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao suspended Hayatnagar sub-inspector (SI) Ch Srinu for maintaining ties with an arrested pseudo inspector of police Srinivasa Rao.On Saturday, the Hayatnagar police had arrested a con artiste Srinivasa Rao of Suryanagar Colony in Hayatnagar, who was resorting to extortions posing as a police inspector. During his interrogation, police discovered that Srinivasa Rao had close ties with some SIs of Hayatnagar police station and Srinivasa Rao even used to carry one of their fire arms while meeting groups for settling land disputes.On Sunday, Cyberabad police commissioner ordered the Vanasthalipuram ACP to conduct an inquiry into the incident.Based on the report, Srinu was suspended on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15397938", "title": "Taxi driver assaulted by police inspector", "text": "TRICHY: An altercation, which led to the assault of a call-taxi driver by a police inspector, was amicably settled after the policeman concerned expressed regret for his actions. \"Since the inspector apologised for attacking me, I accepted it in good faith,\" K Sankar, the taxi driver said.On Tuesday morning, people on Ramakrishna Bridge in Trichy were shocked to see police inspector (PCR) Thangaraj thrashing Sankar, for sounding the horn to alert a two-wheeler-borne youth moving in front of the taxi. The inspector stopped his four-wheeler on the bridge and attacked the taxi driver.\"I was on my usual trip to drop children and teachers in a private school. On Ramakrishna Bridge, a youth riding a two-wheeler was overtaking my car on the left side and riding close to my vehicle. So, I sounded the horn to alert him to keep a distance between the vehicles,\" Sankar said.A police Jeep was also moving in front of the two-wheeler. \"While ascending the bridge, the jeep unexpectedly stopped and reversed in front of my car. In no time, inspector Thangaraj rushed towards me and pummelled at my face, asking why I had dared to sound the horn and overtake him,\" Sankar added. After arranging another vehicle for the school children, Sankar, who sustained injuries on his face got himself admitted at the Annal Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital for treatment.Later, members of CITU lodged a complaint with the deputy commissioner of police (law and order), demanding action against the police inspector. However, in the evening, both the parties settled the case amicably without filing case.But Kandasamy, assistant commissioner of police (intelligence-section), Trichy said that the inspector attacked him after seeing that the police jeep was damaged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhoma", "code": "15398372", "title": "Bhoma locals, village panchayat to inspect 'dangerous' slag dumps today", "text": "BHOMA: Residents of Bhoma, along with members of the Bhoma-Adcolna village panchayat, will conduct a joint inspection of the iron slag dumps that loom like a doomsday prophecy above their village.Residents allege the dumps are the handiwork of the steel plants at the Kundaim industrial estate, a part of which lies within the panchayat's jurisdiction as Bhoma borders Kundaim village.Bhoma-Adcolna sarpanch Varsha Naik told TOI, \"The slag dumps have turned into huge mountains and may collapse at any time. They have also blocked and contaminated some natural water sources which has led to the contamination of local fresh water streams thus affecting horticulture in our village.\"She said the panchayat has issued notices to three steel plants, two for allegedly dumping iron slag on the Bhoma side of the estate and one for noise pollution. Bhoma's villagers, at the July 29 gram sabha, demanded that the steel plants should be asked to stop work at 7pm. \"This will be discussed with the companies during the inspection,\" said Naik.Local MLA and minister for factories and boilers, Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavalikar, said he has written to the industries ministry and the Goa state pollution control board, \"but they are yet to take action\". He said he would speak to industries minister Mahadev Naik to have the dumps removed immediately.Efforts to get a comment from the industries minister proved futile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "15396197", "title": "Low-quality food on train leads to protest", "text": "KALYAN: Upset over sub-standard food and service inside a special train run by the IRCTC, hundreds of commuters staged a rail block at Kalyan, halting the train for nearly 45 minutes.According to GRP officials, when the train, booked by a group to travel from Ahmedabad to Pune, reached Kalyan around 8.00pm on Tuesday, passengers came out on and started protesting against the railway administration.Sources claimed the passengers protested against the railway administration for overcharging them for booking the train that includes \"low-quality\" food.However, CR officials, requesting anonymity, said the that train was booked by the IRCTC and the latter was responsible for the services .The train finally departed at 8.54pm. Other trains crossing Kalyan station at that time were diverted to other platforms and hence no services were affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397699", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to send insurance details with property tax bills", "text": "NAGPUR: Realizing that public money has gone down the drain for the last seven years, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has now decided to send a leaflet highlighting the insurance scheme it has paid for, along with the property tax bills. Meanwhile, the proposal to pay Rs8.83 lakh to the private agency appointed for the insurance scheme has been approved.TOI's Tuesday edition had highlighted NMC's failure to register insurance claims despite spending Rs8.83 lakh per annum on insuring property tax payers for the last seven years.Slamming property tax department officials for registering just two claims in the last seven years, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare has directed them to print leaflets giving all details about the insurance scheme. Kumbhare told TOI that the process to distribute the property tax bills has already started for this fiscal.The leaflets will be sent along with the bills to make tax payers aware of the scheme. Besides, a meeting of assistant commissioners and property tax department will be held to ensure claims are filed. \"The insurance claims for 2011-12 can be registered in this fiscal. The taxpayers should ensure payment of property tax and avail the benefit,\" he said.According to data available with NMC, the scheme is a Family Accident Insurance Plan, covering the tax payer, his wife and two children. The tax payer and his spouse should be below 70 years age and the dependents between 5 to 21 years.The insurance covers all types of accidents, including road mishaps, natural calamities, snakebites etc. The insurance scheme also covers tenants and members of cooperative housing societies if paying property tax. The insurance cover is of Rs25,000. The insurance is provided by Oriental Insurance in a tie-up with Mumbai-based agency Cabal Insurance Broking Services Private Ltd.NMC has registered just 1.47 lakh tax payers out of a total 4.57 lakh under the insurance scheme. NMC said the insurance scheme was launched for tax payers who give the property tax regularly. Kumbhare has also issued directives to officials to register remaining tax payers under the scheme whenever they pay bills regularly.Meanwhile, office bearers of Jan Aakrosh, including secretary Ravi Kaskhedikar and Prabhakar Khonde, met Kumbhare and requested him to spread awareness about the scheme among tax payers. \"The scheme is very beneficial for tax payers. Every tax payer should avail the scheme. They just have to submit required documents with the officials, who will pursue the claim with the agency,\" said Kaskhedikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15399002", "title": "Solve the problem after tracking it", "text": "Getting citizens to track problems is no doubt a well-intentioned idea. Involving citizens in civic issues gives them a sense of participation and also acts as a daily (or weekly) civic audit. But tracking problems is merely the first step in eradicating them.What the BMC needs to do is put in place a system that will solve the problem highlighted (or \"tracked\") by a citizen; lack of results can lead to citizen apathy and the gradual death of a good idea.Related story:  Soon, you can go online to plug leaks, clear garbage", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397566", "title": "Engineering student robbed at Bavdhan", "text": "PUNE: Three unidentified persons allegedly thrashed an engineering student and robbed him of his cellphone and an old laptop amounting to Rs 9,000. The incident took place around 1 am on Tuesday at Bavdhan on Pashan-NDA road.A complaint has been lodged by Nimesh Sunil Pimpalkhute (20) of Bavdhan with the Hinjewadi police station. The spot where the incident took place was hardly few metres away from the Bavdhan police chowkey.The police said that Pimpalkhute, a second year engineering student of a private engineering college in Kothrud, had gone to his friend's house, located on Pashan-NDA road on Monday night. Later when he was returning home, two persons on a motorcycle blocked his way near a mall on the road.The duo thrashed Pimpalkhute and snatched his laptop bag, cellphone and two ATM cards and fled from the spot. The Hinjewadi police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15397643", "title": "Supreme Court relief for officers recruited by JPSC", "text": "RANCHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday stayed the order of the directive of Jharkhand high court in which it had asked state government to disassociate all officers, who were recruited by Jharkhand Public Service Commission (JPSC) through second civil services examination, from service and stop their salary. The apex court directive has brought relief to around 170 officers of state service.The order was issued by a division Bench of the high court comprising Justice R K Merethia and Justice D N Upadhaya after hearing a PIL filed by Budhadeo Oraon in June.Amrendra Sahay, advocate of the officers who were removed from service by the state government following high court order, said the division Bench of the apex court comprising Justice A K Patnayak and Justice S J Mukhopadhya heard the argument of both parties on Tuesday and stayed the high court order.\"The division Bench of the Supreme Court has ordered for stay on the order of high court,\" said Sahay.However, trial of case will continue.Following the order of the high court, state department of personnel and administrative reforms had directed different departments, DCs and SPs not take services of the officers who were recruited on basis of second civil services examination conducted by the JPSC.Sources in state personnel and administrative department officers said they had not received the copy of the Supreme Court order. \"Unless we receive the order of the Supreme Court we will not be in a position to make any comment on the matter. Let the order come only then we will take any decision,\" said an officer.Former JPSC chairman Dilip Prasad and member Shanti Devi are in jail in connection with the irregularities in the recruitment test and interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397836", "title": "Politics overshadows Nagpur University registrar appointment", "text": "NAGPUR: The process for appointment of regular registrar for Nagpur University is once again under cloud following appointment on selection panel of a person who was once an applicant for the post and was found not suitable. It underscores the various pulls and pressure that play a part while naming people for various posts in NU.The university has failed to get a \"suitable\" candidate since last incumbent Subhash Belsare retired on June 14, 2009. Even controller of examination's post is vacant for over one and half years. TOI on Tuesday had reported on naming of head of mathematics department KC Deshmukh on the selection panel for registrar despite the fact that he was twice found \"unsuitable\" for the post. Senior NU officials informed that over ten other candidates who were rejected as unsuitable in earlier rounds of interviews on June 15, 2009, and on January 17, 2010, had applied for new round scheduled for September 4. This would again make it difficult for the panel to make news appointment.Since Balraj Aher retired in 1991 after being registrar for about two decades, longest period in NU's history, five men have been given additional charge of the post. They are MR Deshmukh, Prakash Mistry, NJ Admane, Belsare, Debendranath Mishra and now Yenkie, who is also looking after as director LIT. In patches though, Belsare and Mistry were appointed on regular basis. In fact, Yenkie who will complete two years in the post, had also applied on the encouragement of Sapkal, who was Yenkie's student in LIT.The NU administration has already incurred an expenditure of Rs2 lakh for conducting two rounds of interview. About 14 candidates who fulfilled eligibility criteria were found but none was found \"suitable\". NU revealed these details in reply to a query raised by Management Council member Mahendra Nimbarte during a senate meet.Officials disclosed that political considerations had resulted in even deserving candidates being overlooked. Warring factions in NU wanted their man in the post in order to strengthen their position. The result was no candidate could be selected. They expressed apprehension that same thing might happen again as political groups will push their favourite candidates.Members of all statutory bodies including management, academic councils and senate had earlier flayed the administration led by VC Sapkal for not filling up these important posts even after one year and half years of assuming top job. According to them, NU's functioning had crippled due to absence of these key posts and that was resulting in one scandal after another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "15397972", "title": "6 hurt as bus rams auto", "text": "TUTICORIN: Five children sustained injuries as a school bus rammed an autorickashaw in Tuticorin district. The children as well as the auto driver were hospitalised. Police, however, said that the injuries were not major. Police said that Gopala Krishnan (35), the auto driver was driving the vehicle to a private school at Bryant Nagar with the school children. When the auto took a bend to enter State Bank Colony Road from Ettayapuram road, a school bus coming in the opposite direction rammed it, toppling the vehicle.In the accident, Rekha (44), the school teacher travelling in the auto as well as students Reynold (16), Renuka (14), Ashir (9), Sanjay (5) and Amarnath (9) suffered injuries. They were rushed to a private hospital and admitted while the auto driver was sent to a private hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397893", "title": "Students sore over CBSE's new Std XI test", "text": "NAGPUR: In a move that has not gone down well with many, Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has decided to conduct a special test for Std XI students in the current academic session itself. The test will be called Problem Solving Assessment and go by the nomenclature 'CBSE-PSA'. It is to be held in January or February next year and shall test analytical skills and comprehension of written texts. It is compulsory for all students.Justifying the need for such a test, board chairman Vineet Joshi wrote to schools saying \"21'st century life skills will greatly assist learners in acquiring higher order thinking skills such as problem solving and decision making\".He defines these life skills as \"research and analytical skills, ability to apply basic concepts of different subjects, solve application based problems in mathematics and science, comprehend and analyze written texts and effective communication\". Acquiring these skills can help students in higher studies and professional areas, Joshi added.The board will soon start the process of registration for the CBSE-PSA and more details will be made available in separate circular to be issued within a month. Though Joshi's letter does not indicate it clearly, still it seems unlikely that CBSE-PSA marks will reflect in the mark list or have any bearing on a student's promotion to Std XII. Every student appearing for the test will be issued a certificate by the board.The CBSE-PSA will be of 90 marks and there will be 60 items in a MCQ format, however the exam's duration is not mentioned in the board's letter. There will be no specific syllabus for CBSE-PSA and no separate class will be taken by schools to prepare students. The test will evaluate three areas - (i) quantitative reasoning, (ii) qualitative reasoning and (iii) language conventions.The board says students' ability to process, interpret and use information would be assessed rather than student's prior knowledge of subject. Joshi adds CBSE-PSA will be designed to improve generic and the higher order thinking skills. The board believes the test will help students improve scores in core school subjects.Since students of all academic streams will be appearing for a common test, some feel it is unfair. Vedika Desai, a Std XI student, said, \"what is the point in testing students in subjects that have got nothing to do with their streams? Moreover, we have our coaching classes tests and regular school exams to prepare for; how can they expect us to study math and science when our subject is social science?\"Joshi however assures that the CBSE-PSA will make 'comparatively modest demand' on mathematical knowledge of students. He writes that the quantitative domain would 'emphasize logical and numerical reasoning and use of basic mathematical knowledge'. For the language section in the test, the questions shall assess grammar, usage, vocabulary in context and passage-completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurdaspur", "code": "15397272", "title": "Hooch claims 11 lives in Gurdaspur villages", "text": "GURDASPUR: Eleven persons have died in two days after consuming spurious country-made liquor supplied by bootleggers in two Gurdaspur villages. While four villagers died on Monday, seven more succumbed in a local hospital after consuming the hooch on Tuesday.Police have identified two bootleggers, including a woman, who had sold the liquor to the victims.Eight persons who have died belonged to Johal Nangal village and three others were from Balewal village in Batala area of the district.The dead included four members of a family and according to police officials almost all of them belonged to the Christian community.Gurdaspur deputy commissioner Abhinav Trikha visited Johal Nangal and Balewal villages on Tuesday to take stock of the situation and assured stern action against the bootleggers.While one bootlegger has been arrested, the hunt for another is on.Batala police district senior superintendent of police Rajpal Singh Sandhu said that police have arrested a bootlegger named Kamla and have booked her under Section 304 of the IPC.Bishop of Amritsar and deputy moderator, Church of North India P K Samataroy, said, \"It is a shocking incident and those involved in selling illegal toxic liquor should be condemned.\"The victims have been identified as Sulakhan Masih, his brother Minda Masih, Victor (son of Minda Masih), Salamat Masih, Balwant Singh, Natha Masih and Hardeep Singh alias Deepa, Sunnym, residents of Johal Nangal, and William Masih, Jeem Masih and Prem Masih, residents of Balewal village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396535", "title": "Relief team returns from riot-hit Assam districts", "text": "HYDERABAD: A team of doctors from Owaisi Hospital and Deccan Medical College led by MIM president Asaduddin Owaisi returned to the city on Tuesday after conducting relief programmes in riot-hit districts of Assam.The team of 11 doctors treated patients at six refugee camps. The doctors noted that malnutrition, waterborne and airborne diseases were turning major killers and feared that the relief camps could soon turn into death camps if the Centre and Assam government failed to take preventive steps to contain the situation. The refugees had no access to toilets and clean drinking water, they said.Team members criticized the Assam government's obtuse attitude in providing relief to the more than 4.5 lakh displaced in the aftermath of the violence, now seeking shelter in camps in Kokrajhar, Chirang and Dhubri districts. An appalled team member working in Dhubri district which alone has around 150 refugee camps said the National Rural Health Mission outpost, a stone's throw from the Ranigunj High School relief camp, had no doctors on duty and added that there was only one nurse and a ward boy with a box of generic medicines dispensing only one tablet per patient.Dr Mazharuddin Ali Khan, superintendent, Owaisi Hospital and Research Centre said, \"Patients will turn drug resistance and their condition will only aggravate if they are not prescribed the full course. More than 70% of the patients in the camps are infants and children below 12 years of age. A simple case of flu could turn fatal for them in such distressing conditions. Children have been diagnosed with pneumonia, food poisoning as well as flu. We have treated both children and adults for psychosomatic disorders which have happened due to violence and displacement. They are experiencing severe anxiety and trauma.\"Sources from the camps said the government's deadline of August 15 as the date for return of refugees was 'unrealistic' as the government 'lacked a holistic approach' in providing relief material and rehabilitation plan for victims. They added that around 25,000 patients have been administered medicine in various relief camps including Ranigunj High School and Luckygunj relief camps which alone harbour around 5,500 and 17,000 refugees respectively. In addition to medical supplies worth Rs 20 lakh, paediatric nutrition has been given to malnourished infants. Further, a total of Rs 1.25 crore has been earmarked by the MIM for relief work in Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15398344", "title": "Travel to science centre for posters, presentations on astrophysicist Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar", "text": "PANAJI: A travelling exhibition titled 'Beyond the limit' on renowned Indian-American astrophysicist Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar has set up base for a month-long halt at the Goa Science Centre, Miramar.Chandrasekhar, with William Fowler, won the 1983 Nobel Prize for Physics for his studies on the physical processes important to the structure and evolution of stars. The Chandrasekhar limit is named after him. The exhibition was developed in honour of his birth centenary in 2010 and has only just reached Goa.It was inaugurated on Tuesday by professor JAE Desa, Dean, faculty of sciences, Goa University. The exhibition which contains various well-designed posters also has interactive touch screen-based audio visual space presentations. It seeks to address questions such as 'Do black holes really exist', 'Why should we care about gravity waves' among other such questions.Explaining the motive behind the exhibition, V N Joshi, project coordinator at the Goa Science Centre, said, \"We organize such travelling exhibitions regularly depending on contemporary relevance.\"He added that the exhibition was developed by the National Council of Science Museums in 2010 to commemorate the birth centenary of Chandrasekhar. \"We develop one exhibition every year which travels to the various science centres across the country,\" Joshi said. \"The previous one was held in May this year on lasers. We have also held such exhibitions on biodiversity, nanotechnology, 100 years of physics among other topics,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "15398127", "title": "Injured jumbo dies in Dhama forest range", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The injured elephant roaming the forests of Sambalpur's Dhama range died early on Tuesday. This has led villagers to accuse forest officials of neglecting the injured elephant leading to his death. Wildlife activists have demanded a probe into the incident.Villagers had spotted the injured tusker on July 24 while it was roaming in the Dhama forest range. Suspecting that it was a bullet injury, they had informed the local forest officials to provide treatment to the elephant. But officials had treated the elephant only once. \"The elephant could have survived had it been given proper treatment to heal the injury,\" social activist Saurav Mahapatra said.Forest officials have denied that there was any negligence on their part. \"We treated the elephant with antibiotics when villagers informed us. But it died because it did not respond to the treatment. We have conducted autopsy and cremated the body. We will come to know the cause of the death once we receive the post mortem report,\" a senior forest official of Sambalpur said on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15398672", "title": "Punching their path to glory", "text": "IMPHAL: It was in 1981, long before Manipuri boxers came into their own and made a name in the world of sports, that MC Mary Kom's home coach Leishangthem Ibomcha Singh bagged a bronze in the 28th Senior National Boxing Championship at Jamshedpur. Incidentally, it was the first medal for Manipur in a national competition.Although the history of boxing in the state began in the mid-thirties, Ibomcha's medal was what inspired state boxers to try to make it big in the national and international arena.And make it big they did. More than 30 years down the line, the state's pugilists have reached the zenith of competitive boxing by making it to the Olympics. While five-time world champion MC Mary Kom stormed into the semi-finals, assuring herself a medal, the hopes are high from Laishram Devendro Singh , also from the state, who's qualified for the quarter-finals.With Manipur pugilists notching big wins at the national as well as international level, the game's popularity has soared in the state, overshadowing the primary sporting passion here - football - sports analysts said.But this success hasn't come easy. It is a labour of love, and has come with many years of struggles, resistance and hardships faced by the pioneers and lovers of the game. One of them is Sports Authority of India (SAI)'s national boxing coach, Ibomcha Singh, who has produced many star boxers - Mary Kom, Ng Dingko Singh, L Devendro Singh, L Sarita Devi, S Suresh Singh, M Suranjoy Singh and more.Dingko Singh won a boxing gold in the 1998 Asian Games, Bangkok, pushing up the popularity of boxing in Manipur. Suranjoy Singh won a gold at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi and a bronze at the 2010 Asian Games in Guangzhou, China. Sarita Devi, a woman boxer, won gold in the World Boxing Championship as did Suresh Singh.Ibomcha says boxing started growing roots in the state with the establishment of the Manipur National Man Building Institute (MNMBI) in Imphal in 1936 under the leadership of the late Sagolsem Indramani, who introduced the state bodybuilding, weightlifting and boxing. In 1950, the institute's name was changed to Manipur Man Building Institute (MMBI) and boxing started gaining popularity. \"At that time, informal boxing matches were held, with the players surrounded by improvised rope-rings fighting without too much regard to the rules,\" Ibomcha says.In 1980, the late Oja Sapam Surchandra restructured boxing in Manipur and a held a series training sessions. \"It was in the same year I left the Army (4 Assam Regiment) and came back to Manipur and was requested by Oja Surchandra to become a local coach,\" Ibomcha says.In 1981, a seven-member boxing team from the state including Ibomcha participated in the 28th Senior National Boxing Championship at Jamshedpur. Ibomcha bagged a bronze, which was also the first boxing medal for the state. He joined SAI Imphal as a boxing coach in 1987 where he trained the likes of Dingko, Devendro, Suresh, Suranjoy over the years.After getting permission to introduce women's boxing in Manipur in 1996, he conducted residential boxing camps at various places in the state unearthing talents like Mary, Sarita, Geetabali and Inaobi. With his efforts, in 1998, the first open women's boxing competition was introduced in Manipur. Since then, there has been no looking back for Manipur's female boxers. Some, like Mary, have outshone the men and have made themselves a name to reckon with in world boxing.He says that the popularity of boxing is at an all-time high in Manipur with hundreds of young boys and girls thronging the SAI to learn boxing.The proud coach signs off by saying his blessings are with Mary and Devendro even as his beaming face reveals his confidence that the duo will fight to glory in their forthcoming Olympic bouts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15396759", "title": "Bhopal swamped with waterlogging woes", "text": "BHOPAL: Denizens of Bhopal were in for yet another tough day in the wake of torrential rains on Monday night and Tuesday morning. For those in hurry to reach work place in morning, commuting proved a tough task. Waterlogging across the city led to traffic jams in many places. Rainwater entered houses in low-lying areas of the city. Waterlogging gave a torrid time to commuters as Kolar township remained cut off from Bhopal for some time. It stopped raining in the afternoon.There were reports of tree-felling. Waterlogging was reported from Kolar, Shahpura, Chunabhatti, a few parts of Arera Colony, Habibganj railway crossing, Habibganj under-bridge, Bagsevania, MP Nagar, Arera Hills, 10 No. stop, 11 No. stop, Banganga square, Ashoka garden. \"There was water everywhere opposite Habibhanj railway crossing. It took us almost an hour to cross that patch due to water logging and traffic jam,\" said Sundar Sharma, a resident of Arera Colony.\"BMC is doing its best, but we also expect co-operation from the residents. We expect that they come forward and help fellow residents,\" Mayor Krishna Gaur said. \"For any assistance, residents can contact 0755-2542222 and 0755-2701401 numbers and file their complaints,\" she added.\"Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is doing its best to get out of the problem,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava told TOI. \"There is only one solution. We understand channelizing all big and small nullahs and giving an outlet on the city outskirts will serve the purpose,\" he added. \"It took us a long time to clean the mess from the house. Water entered my house. All furniture and carpet were damaged,\" said Varun Sharma, a resident of Ashoka Garden. \"We called the BMC several times for the help, but the BMC squad has not turned up till now,\" he added.Ashok Vihar, Aishbagh, Barkhedi and Chandbad areas of Ashoka Garden were badly affected. The amount of water flowing into the area could be gauged from the fact that sewage lines were overflowing with rainwater and the water started coming out in from the toilets of the residents.\"The water was also coming from the sewage lines through bathroom outlets in our homes,\" Shashi Gupta, a resident of Ashoka Garden said.\"There was around 4-5 feet water near Kali mata temple on the Chunabhatti road and on the road connecting Shahpura to Kolar,\" Ramya Krishnan, a resident of Kolar said. Moreover around 55 hutments were damaged due to overflowing nullahs in Kolar. However, no one was injured, officials said.Waterlogging was observed in Lalita Nagar, Fine Avenue, Ganpati Enclave and Sarvadharam colonies of Kolar, he added.\"The nullah in Shahpura was overflowing,\" BMC officials said. \"This created a lot of traffic jam in this part of the city,\" he added \"We have received complaints of waterlogging from almost every part of the city,\" said Dinesh Kumar, a BMC call-centre employee. \"The corporation is using at least 25-30 motors to remov water from basements of commercial complexes in MP Nagar, New Market and Arera Colony,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15397371", "title": "Mohali\u2019s security gate plan falls apart", "text": "MOHALI: Increasing number of thefts had made Mohali municipal corporation install gates at entrance and exit points of various phases two years ago. However, the project has now run into rough weather as neither have the gates been installed at all the points nor are security guards deployed at these gates at present. Not just this, the company to whom the tender for this project was given also backed out of the project three months ago, leaving Mohali MC administration high and dry.A total of 39 security gates have been installed in all 11 phases but as no security guards are posted there, so these are hardly of any use. Another 30 gates were approved in 2010 but these have not come up. The issue regarding change of design of gates had also run into a controversy then.It was decided to install the gates as residents of Mohali were fed up of thefts of vehicles and household goods. There had also been instances when tyres of vehicles were stolen but the police failed to nab the thieves. Tenders were floated and a company was given the job for installation of gates and the recruitment and posting of security guards.The company started its work and also installed some gates but there was a problem as the actual requirement of gates was more, while the number mentioned in the tender was less.One of the reasons for this problem cropping up was that a proper survey of all entry and exit points was not done before the scheme was launched.Sources in the MC revealed that the corporation had asked the company to install more gates as per the requirement but the company had backed out, refusing to do so. As of now no security guards are manning these gates.Gurjeet Singh, a resident of Phase II said that it's been almost two years since they have been waiting for the scheme to be implemented properly but it doesn't seem that the MC is serious about doing so. \"It's the common man who is suffering as higher officials have security guards outside their residences, so they are in no hurry to act,\" said Amanjot Kaur, a resident of phase 5.Mohali deputy commissioner-cum-municipal commissioner Varun Roojham said that they are in the process of reviving the project. He said that the entry and exit points are more than the previous figures. Talks with the company are going on and the administration is sure that soon they will resolve this problem. Deploying guards at the gates is of no use because there are many other points that are lying unmanned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396441", "title": "South Delhi Municipal Corporation to survey", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Delhi Municipal Corporation is going to conduct a fresh survey of mobile towers, especially in unauthorized colonies. According to an official, a large number of towers has been installed in south and west Delhi without the civic agency's permission. The main concern is the structural stability of the buildings where these towers are installed, he added.\"Unauthorized construction is rampant in the city. With cellular companies installing towers on unauthorized buildings, there is an added risk of building collapse. In the past, we have seen buildings collapse due to inferior construction. A disaster is waiting to happen as these heavy towers along with the generator sets are installed over illegal buildings,'' said Farhad Suri, leader of Opposition, who raised the issue in the standing committee meeting on Tuesday.According to the survey carried out by the erstwhile MCD this year, of the 5,656 mobile towers in the city, 2,656 were installed without permission. However, it doesn't have a count of towers installed in unauthorized colonies, villages, hospital, schools, government buildings, etc. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396314", "title": "TDP leader's fast a political gimmick, say rivals", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telugu Desam Party general secretary Byreddy Rajasekhar Reddy's demand for trifurcation of the state has put party president Chandrababu Naidu in a spot. While Naidu shied away from making any statement on Byreddy's four-day fast, which ended in Kurnool on Tuesday, Telangana Rashtra Samithi ( TRS), however, sees Naidu's hand behind the 96-hour fast undertaken by Byreddy.Senior TDP leaders from Rayalaseema, however, felt that the fast was more of an embarrassment to the party leadership, particularly Naidu. \"It is a tough call for our leader. If he supports the demand he will face a barrage of protests from pro-Telangana elements. If he shies away from supporting Byreddy, he will be seen as a 'betrayer' of Rayalaseema,\" a senior TDP leader said. Party sources said Naidu would play a wait-and-watch game even as Byreddy has threatened to intensify his agitation for separate Rayalaseema.Some TDP leaders are making attempts to give the impression that this was Byreddy's personal agenda and not that of the party. But again, Byreddy received support from non-TDP leaders like YSR Congress leader S V Mohan Reddy and Kurnool MP Kotla Jayaprakash Reddy, Rayalaseema Rashtra Samithi president K Venkata Reddy and others.Byreddy told TOI that his fast had nothing do with TDP's stand and that he had been campaigning for separate Rayalaseema for several years. \"Those talking in favour of tagging our region with Telangana will be thrashed with slippers,\" he warned.Byreddy said he would take the movement to every nook and corner of the region. Despite his claims that his fast was apolitical, Byreddy's critics see it as another attempt by the former MLA to revive his political fortunes. He lost in the 2004 and 2009 assembly elections from Nandikotkur and Panyam constituencies respectively and has not been able to garner people's support. \"The separate Rayalaseema issue could be his last-ditch attempt to get a party ticket in the next elections,\" a Rayalaseema TDP leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15395920", "title": "White House denounces Romney ad on Obama welfare programmes", "text": "WASHINGTON: The White House on Tuesday denounced an advertisement being run by the Romney campaign which is highly critical of the welfare programmes of US President Barack Obama , terming it as false and \"blatantly dishonest\".\"This advertisement is categorically false, and it is blatantly dishonest. This administration's policy will strengthen the programme by giving states the opportunity to employ more effective ways to help people get off welfare and into a job,\" White House press secretary Jay Carney said.Carney was responding to a question on the new advertisement being run by the Romney campaign that accuses Obama of gutting welfare reform, essentially saying that the administration has turned welfare into a blank check for states without any work requirements.\"Under this policy, governors must commit that their proposals will move at least 20 per cent more people from welfare to work. And as we have made very clear under our policy, any request from any state that undercuts the work requirement in welfare reform will be rejected,\" Carney told reporters.\"Now, the ad is particularly outrageous as Governor (Mitt) Romney himself, with 28 other Republican governors, supported policies that would have eliminated the time limits in the welfare reform law and allowed people to stay on welfare forever,\" he said, adding that those are not standards the president supports.Carney said the Romney has ad is an \"utter misrepresentation\" of the President's policy.\"The attack is dishonest; it is false. Look, again, this policy arose and was specifically requested by two Republican governors, Republican governors who, I believe, if you asked them, would not say that they sought or are seeking to undermine the work requirement in welfare reform,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396554", "title": "New format of exam to join IITs challenged in HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The Forum for Fairness in Education, along with nine parents, has challenged in Bombay high court the new format of the competitive entrance exam to join engineering colleges, including the Indian Institutes of Technology. The new format, proposed by the HRD ministry, comprises one national competitive exam that is made of the JEE-main, followed by a JEE-advanced exam.Terming the new process of selecting candidates \"unfair\", the petition stated that every student must be allowed to sit for both exams and the new format of the exam must not be implemented in 2013. In the new format, every student has to take the JEE-main exam and the advanced exam, to join the IITs can be taken only by the top 20% candidates.Stating that the decision to make only 20 percentile from each board eligible for the entrance test as \"arbitrary, discriminative and unreasonable\", the petitioners said marks and competitiveness across boards cannot be equated.The petitioners stated that the process must be set aside and the upcoming exam in 2013 must follow the same pattern as the Joint Entrance Exam 2012. The petition states that denying a student the right to appear for the JEE Advanced exam would not constitute a fair and transparent common admission process. The petitioners said most students start preparing for competitive exams after class X and 2013 would be too early for students to adapt to the new format of the exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15397642", "title": "Care home project for elderly awaits roll-out", "text": "KOTTAYAM: 'Pakalveedu' (day care centre) project for the aged is yet to take off despite the centre being inaugurated more than three months ago.The project was launched by the municipality for taking care of senior citizens (aged above 60) and those who stay alone at home during the day. The two-storey building in Vayaskara Hills, which was completed in 2010 bears a deserted look. It was constructed under People's Plan Project spending Rs 20 lakh.The matter came up for discussion in the last three municipal council meetings but a decision has not yet been taken regarding its functioning.M K Prabhakaran, opposition leader in the council slammed the municipal chairman Sunny Kalloor for his failure to deliver.\"Kalloor had announced of gifting 'Pakalveedu' to the public as a gift for Vishu. But nothing has been materialized,\" he said. He also raised doubts about handing over the centre to a private agency. \"Earlier projects which municipality has handed over to private agencies have not worked out well,\" he said.Meanwhile, Kalloor said the project was not purposely delayed.\"We are searching for a reliable agency to run the centre. Though many agencies like Lions Club and other charitable organizations have approached us but we can't take a decision all of a sudden. We need to be convinced about the merits of the agency,\" he said.Shiny Philip, chairman, Welfare Committee, said when the tender was initially called for the contract, the applicants did not meet the norms placed by the municipality.\"Now we have retendered and have received applications, which we will be examining soon,\" she said. The municipality said the centre will function from 6am-7pm and a certain fees will be charged from the members for food and recreation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15400976", "title": "Radhika Pandit sets an example for others", "text": "In these days when so many actresses fail to turn up for the promotion of their films and provide some valid and unvalid reasons for their absence, actress Radhika Pandit stands taller with the way she has been personally participating in the promotional programmes of her film '18th Cross'.Now Radhika is far ahead in the race for becoming the top actress. But still the actress makes it a point to be present press conferences and interviews.\"Radhika Pandit's example stands out in the present circustances when producers and directors of the film are always trying to contact their artists and beg them for promotions. Despite the fact that her recent film 'Adhdhuri' is a big hit and her next film 'Sagar' is releasing just a week away, Radhika Pandit chose to attend the press meet and gave positive bites of the film for the channels. She has shown the way. I really appreciate her concern for the producer and director for the first film\" says Vijaya Kumar, PRO.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396538", "title": "\u2018External forces guiding Geetika\u2019s family against me\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The prime accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case and former Haryana minister, Gopal Kanda, has accused her family of being guided by external forces to level baseless charges against him and said he would join investigation.\"I am talking to my lawyer and I am ready for an investigation into the matter that will bring out the truth,\" Kanda told TOI over the phone on Tuesday. He said police should investigate the dates mentioned in Geetika's two-page suicide note. \"How can one plan suicide three months ahead? Investigators should find who changed her mind. I feel that her family members are being prompted by others to level charges against me. The probe will expose the lie,\" he said.Claiming that he had never denied that his and Geetika's families were on good terms, Kanda said, \"I and my wife have gone to her place a couple of times, but her parents have come several times to meet us and attend our family programmes,\" the first-time Independent MLA from Sirsa said.However, he did not talk to Geetika for the past two months and her superiors used to contact her, said Kanda. \"The call records would prove it.\" On his overseas trips with Geetika, the former minister said, \"In business trips, my executives and staff accompany me. It was all known to Geetika's family.\"Although there were reports of Kanda missing and not taking calls, sources said he had been camping at his farmhouse on Gurgaon-Faridabad Road.Earlier, he had claimed Geetika had taken an advance of Rs 7.50 lakh from MDLR to pursue management studies and he had even made her chairman of the trust that runs his international school in Sirsa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15397720", "title": "Court orders to stop payment of SI\u2019s salary", "text": "KANPUR: An additional district and sessions judge issued non-bailable warrant against sub-inspector RK Singh on Tuesday and asked the DIG, Allahabad to stop disbursement of his salary till further order. The ADJ passed the order when he found that the SI was flouting the court order for so many dates.A perusal of file also revealed that the court had already registered a miscellaneous case against him for not complying the court orders.Singh is presently posted at Allahabad. When the SI was posted at Govindnagar police station, he had registered a narcotics case against Puttan Trivedi. He was the complainant in that case which is passing through prosecution evidence stage. Singh had to appear in the court as prosecution witness but he was not appearing in the court despite summons and warrants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15397694", "title": "Bokaro bureaucrats face politicians' wrath", "text": "BOKARO: MLAs and panchayat leaders came down heavily on administrative officials in a meeting of the district planning committee here on Tuesday for not getting appropriate solution to their demands related to development in their areas, accusing the bureaucrats of being \"lazy and uncommitted\" towards work.The leaders expressed dissatisfaction over performance of the officials and asked them to come prepared in the next meeting to be organized in a couple of months. The water and road problem are the two main issues raised by every leader.However, the residents of Petarwar and Kasmar have got a reason to rejoice as the committee sanctioned a drinking water project of worth Rs 24 crore in the area. The project comprises installation of water supply arrangement in villages by getting it through Tenughat reservoir. It will benefit about 41,000 residents.Chandraprakash Choudhary, the minister in-charge of Bokaro who headed the meeting, said he would ask the government to take action against \"sloth\" officials. Dumri MLA Jagarnath Mahto and Chandankyari MLA Umakant Rajak rebuked many officials pointing their negligence during the meeting.In the meeting, Mahto asked the deputy commissioner (DC) to rein in the officials. PWD executive engineer Sanjay Sinha had to face the minister's wrath as Mahto shouted at him \"Kam karna nahi hai, khali bhasan dena hai (You don't want to work, only like giving speech). Sit down\". Sinha failed to give any satisfactory reply related to construction of link road between Chandrapura and Bokaro.Talking to mediapersons, Mahto said he was unsatisfied with the performance of the officials. \"These officials have become pig-headed and never listen to us. We are forced to deal them with an iron fist in the meeting.\"Echoing Mahto, Rajak said the officials always remained indifferent to get the work done. \"What reply we will give to the people of our constituencies if we fail to bring development. These officials are not taking the decision and direction seriously which are discussed in the meeting held in January. Water, road, electricity and other problems are still matter of concern,\" said Rajak added.Bermo MLA Rajender Singh also asked officials to be serious in work and respond properly to the questions. \"These officials have not come prepared in the meeting\".DC Sunil Kumar has ordered an inquiry on Electrosteel Steel Limited (ESL) which is setting up a steel plant in Chandankyari after Rajak alleged that it had encroached on the Damodar river and had been discharging plant wastes in the river at Bangariya village causing difficulties to residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15396446", "title": "In Supreme Court light, cops take dim view of tinted glass", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For those who thought that the dark film on their car's windows can afford them some privacy and shade from a strong sun, beware. The film is rather bound to attract attention, and that too of city cops.After the recent Supreme Court guidelines against use of dark films or tinted glasses in cars, the city traffic police and regional transport office (RTO) teams have started a drive to implement the order. On the first day of the drive on Tuesday, the men in white asked more than 1,100 car drivers to remove the films.The apex court had issued directives to the states on May 4 this year to check misuse of dark films on four-wheelers. In a fresh directive on August 3, the court warned of contempt action against the state police chiefs if the orders were not taken seriously. The order came in wake of a number of incidents where four-wheelers with dark glasses were used for nefarious activities.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Siddharth Khatri told TOI, \"As per the SC directive, the films are not allowed on the car windows. Initially we are going to educate the citizens about the order and will ask them to remove it themselves. Later on, they will have to pay fine, along with removing the film.\"RTO will also join in the drive. Ahmedabad RTO head, J M Bhatt, said that they held a meeting with the traffic police officials on Monday where the law and its implications were discussed. \"Teams from the RTO will target areas with high car density on weekends and conduct drive to remove the films,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15397424", "title": "NMC tanker found spewing sewage in industrial areas", "text": "NASHIK: In a bizzare incident, civic employees have been discovered dumping sewage in an open space in Ambad industrial estate.The Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers Association (AIMA) has recovered a tanker of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) throwing sewage collected from the industries, in open spaces in Ambad industrial estate of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) on Monday. An AIMA delegation is to meet municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare over the issue, soon.The tanker was caught red-handed by AIMA's office-bearers. , including AIMA President Suresh Mali, former president Dnyaneshwar Gopale, General Secretary Rajendra Ahire, Treasurer Unmesh Kulkarni, Prasanna Jadhav of Grievances' Committee and corporator Uttam Donde.Speaking to TOI, AIMA president Suresh Mali, said, \"The NMC lifts up industrial sewage from the industries in Ambad and Satpur MIDC and the NMC too recovers charges for lifting the sewage. But it has been found that after collecting the is found that sewage, after lifting it from the industry it is thrown back in the open in industrial areas with the helpd of tankers. through tankers, is thrown on open places in the industrial areas.On Monday, we caught the driver of the tanker containing sewage red-handed while he was getting rid of the sewage in the open. while throwing the sewage on the open places.Given that the monsoon has already begun, this is a even more serious health hazard. While the monsoon has already begun, such sewage thrown on the open places may affect the health of the people in the areas.We immediately contacted the NMC's health officer of NMC Dr. S G Hiray, but he did not take any action over the issue,\" Mali said.When contacted, Health Officer of NMC Dr. S G Hiray said, \"We have already instructed the divisional sanitary inspector (Cidco division) to verify the issue at the earliest.\"\"The NMC administration administration has always shown its negligence in providing basic amenities to industry although it gets 60% of revenue from it. Moreover,Even as we highlighty this problem of sewage being thrown in the open, our other issues which include the condition of the roads in industrial areas are also important. Roads have deteriorated due to potholes which are creating problems for vehicular traffic. We are also planning to meet the municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare to discuss all of these industry- related issues,\" Mali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396541", "title": "Questioning begins, cops focus on electronic trail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda, accused of abetting his ex-employee Geetika Sharma's suicide, is likely to be questioned today. Kanda and his employee Aruna Chaddha are likely to be asked about their whereabouts at specific times and these would be tallied with the call data.While Ahluwalia and Singh were brought to Ashok Vihar police station around 11am on Tuesday, and were being questioned till late evening, Chaddha claimed she reached Delhi to assist in the probe after receiving a notice around 5pm. Her questioning started around 9pm, sources said.Although officials did not disclose the line of questioning, sources said it revolved around the calls and messages exchanged, and the nature of the relationship between Geetika and Kanda.On Tuesday, a three-member panel from the National Commission for Women also met Geetika's family at their residence and recorded their statement. \"This is the preliminary stage of inquiry. We spoke to Geetika's parents and brother and now we will talk to Kanda and the other suspects,\" a team member said.On Tuesday morning, a Delhi Police team also visited Kanda's Civil Lines residence in Gurgaon and served him a notice. It later visited the MDLR office and brought along Ahluwalia and Singh for questioning to Delhi. While a few police teams will handle the questioning, others will gather evidence.So far, police have not released the report of the primary postmortem done on Monday evening. Sources said police teams may have to be sent to Goa, Pune, Mumbai and even Chandigarh. \"There will be many developments in the next two days. We will have to analyze Geetika's email inbox, and if required, the records of Kanda and Chaddha also. Bank accounts, too, may be checked to establish transactions,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397536", "title": "Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority begins razing 6-floor building, but SC says hold it", "text": "CHENNAI: Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) officials on Tuesday began the demolition of a six-floor building in Thousand Lights, but had to stop the exercise temporarily after the builder got a stay order from the Supreme Court in the evening. The initiative against the building on Aziz Mulk First Street is a part of a drive that is meant to be a strong message against the rampant illegal constructions, CMDA officials said.A senior CMDA official said the action follows a Madras high court order that was issued last month. \"The entire structure was built without proper permission. The property belongs to a society which leased out the land to an individual who started constructing a multi-floor building. We came to know about it after a complaint filed in the high court said that the construction was without any plan approval from the CMDA and Chennai Corporation,\" said the official. The court, which in the first week of July ordered that the illegal building be demolished, came down heavily on the person who had gone ahead with construction after ignoring the notices of the corporation to stop the construction.\"Even after serving notices to stop the work demolishing all the temporary basement structures and drilling holes on its roof, the builder had constructed it again,\" said a corporation official. A senior CMDA official said the builder, whose regularization application had been rejected earlier, had filed an appeal again with the CMDA.Official sources said the demolition drive would take a minimum of three days as the building was situated on a narrow street and was surrounded by apartment complexes and commercial establishments. A summer club, consisting of a restaurant, play zone and guest house, was being operated on the first three floors and the other floors remained vacant for several months after the court order. A part of the ground floor was being used as an automobile showroom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15397037", "title": "Bloating of business led to emu farm scamster's arrest", "text": "COIMBATORE: Seven years ago, when MS Guru was barely 18 years old, he bought five emu chicks from his best friend's father who had taken up emu farming as a part-time business. Soon after, he started his first emu farm at Grey Nagar near Perundurai. Today, his far-fetched imagination and desire to make quick money has landed him at the forefront of one of the biggest emu farming scams in the region.Guru has admitted to distributing more than 1,60,000 emu chicks across the state, luring investors with advertisements making false claims. He even had Kollywood movie stars encouraging people to invest. He went a bit too far when he used former president A P J Abdul Kalam in a promotional campaign. Kalam's secretary approached the police and Guru had to spend a few days in jail. When Guru had met Kalam in Delhi, he got a photo of them together and cleverly used the picture in promotional campaigns, as if the former president was advocating emu farming.There was no full stop to Guru's imagination. Once he announced a unique housing scheme where independent villas came with small emu farms in the backyard. He also announced a chain of emu meat-based restaurants in Gurgaon, Jaipur, Pondicherry and Bangalore. Except for Jaipur, all of them were functioning till the scam came to light.\"We have evolved 23 varieties of emu meat-based dishes in consultation with chefs from Australia. The restaurants are meant to promote emu-rearing in India and the dishes are a blend of culinary expertise from India and Australia,'' he said in a previous interview. His 'unique' menu included emu biryani, emu cutlet, emu pizza, emu fry and emu roast. He even pretended to be a food specialist with expertise in health science. He promoted emu meat for diabetics and said it was low in cholesterol and high in proteins.Guru purchased 250 acres of land recently in Sathyamangalam to establish an emu meat processing centre. He said he planned to depute experts from Australia to run the plant. \"Meat would be processed and packed off to hyper markets, while the skin, feathers and nails would be used to make products including bags and medicines.The demand was in fact the bubble he created. There can be no real demand for expensive meat that has a peculiar taste in India,\" said M Mohan, a farmer in Coimbatore who changed his mind about investing in emu rearing after he studied the economics of the business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397605", "title": "Film festival on Phalke awardees to mark centenary of Indian cinema", "text": "PUNE: The National Film Archive of India (NFAI) in association with the Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) and Aashay film club will hold a festival of films and biopics on eminent film personalities who have received the prestigious Dadasaheb Pha|ke award.The film festival, starting on August 13, has been planned to mark the centenary of Indian cinema.The Union government instituted the Dadasaheb Phalke award in 1969 to honour an Indian film personality for his or her contribution to Indian cinema.The first to be given this coveted award was Devika Rani who had acted in several silent and talkie films as well as produced films for 'Bombay Talkies' along with her husband Himanshu Rai.Since then, a total of 42 Indian film personalities including artistes, directors, producers, cinematographers, music composers, singers and lyricists have been honoured with this prestigious award.The series on Dadasaheb Phalke award winning films will begin on August 13 and all films will be screened at the NFAI theatre.The inaugural function will be attended by veteran filmmaker Sai Paraniape at 6 pm.'Dream Takes Wings', an 18-minute documentary by the Films Division on Dadasaheb Phalke directed by Gajanan Jagirdar, will be screened during the inaugural function.On the following Monday, the first film to be screened 'Achhut Kanya' will be dedicated to Devika Rani. It was directed by Franz Osten in 1936.Other recipients of the Dadasaheb Phalke awards include actor and singer Ashok Kumar , filmmaker Satyajit Ray , actor Soumitra Chaterjee, filmmaker Yash Chopra among others.The last two screenings will be held on October 22 and entry will be on first-come-first-serve basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15396885", "title": "UDH dept to invite suggestions on draft of 'Apartment Act'", "text": "JAIPUR: The urban development and housing department will invite suggestions from residents on the draft of the 'Apartment Act' formulated to safeguard interests of buyers and developers.With the mushrooming of residential high-rises and apartments in every nook and corner of the city, the state government is working to prepare a new policy. Chief town planner, N K Khare, said, \"The draft of the bill will be provided online to seek suggestions from residents, for whom the policy is being planned.\"Officials said builders' association too can provide suggestion. \"The useful suggestions will be incorporated in the draft after a meeting with the department officials. It will be sent to the cabinet for approval,\" an official said.As the state does not have any policy to protect the rights of buyers and developers of apartments, the department has planned to draft a policy. The act will also ensure that their grievances don't go unheard.The legislation comes at the backdrop of nearly 20,000 apartments under construction in the state capital itself.\"Paucity of space is leading to growing popularity of flat culture in cities. We will conduct a study of flat ownership laws of other states like Delhi, Maharashtra and Haryana where the flat system is prevalent. This will help us deduce what will work best in Rajasthan. The law will safeguard the interests of purchaser and develop a system to address their grievances,\" the official said.The state government drafted the bill in 2009 and after an approval from the cabinet referred it to the Centre. The Centre made certain observations and sent the bill draft to the state government to make the necessary amendments. \"We received the file a few months ago, and will work on the suggestions,\" the official said.Developers have welcomed the state's decision to frame a law to protect the interests of those concerned with buying and selling of flats. \"There is an urgent need for laws and regulations to check malpractices,\" said an official who works with a leading developer in the state.The bill proposes that those staying in an apartment cannot make external changes or undertake any construction that can make it dangerous to live in the building. It also says that it is mandatory for the developer to monitor the daily maintenance of the apartment/s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396291", "title": "NCP, Congress clash over infrastructure", "text": "MUMBAI: Big-ticket infrastructure projects in Mumbai have triggered a fresh bout of tension between the Congress and the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in the state.According to sources, said that the parties are on collision course over the Worli-Haji Ali sea link project, the coastal road plan and Mumbai airport modernization project have become the bone of contention.The NCP, which controls the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC), continues to push the sea link plan, even as the matters have come to a head between the state government and Reliance Infrastructure appointed for construction of the bridge.A Congress minister claims a top NCP leader said (read Sharad Pawar) the state should relinquish the earnest money deposit (EMD) and other deposits amounting to Rs 132 crore collected from the consortium. CM Prithviraj Chavan (Congress) has backed a proposal to retain the EMD, the minister said. NCP chief Sharad Pawar had has also voiced his opinion against the state's coastal road plan during a recent meeting. The coastal ring road connecting the island city to western suburbs is Chavan's pet project.The differences between the parties over these projects were discussed during a meeting of Congress cabinet ministers convened by Chavan on Monday evening. Both parties also have a different take on the airport modernization plan, sources revealed.Buoyed by the ascendancy in recent tiffs between the parties, the Congress ministers asked Chavan not to let the foot of the pedal and remain aggressive. To press home the advantage, it was also decided to hold meetings of the party prior to coordination committee meetings between the parties. This is in line with the NCP strategy- the NCP convened a party meet before last week's coordination committee meet. Chavan was asked to hold periodic meetings of party MPs and MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15397632", "title": "Buddha statues await renovation", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The Department of Archaeology is set to give a facelift to two important statues of Lord Buddha at Karumadi and Mavelikkara in the district. These 1,000-year-old statues belonging to the 9th and 10th century are lying in a neglected state.Cultural affairs minister K C Joseph has said a project for protecting these two monuments will begin in September.It was Karumadikuttans, a cultural forum from Karumadi, which highlighted the plight of the monuments and brought it to the attention of the cultural affairs minister K C Joseph.The department's director J Reji Kumar said: \"Renovation work, setting up of information counters, gardens, water falls children's park will be carried out. Additionally, a special wing will be set up for monitoring these activities.''\"The three-foot long statue is located in a temple at Buddha Junction in Mavelikkara. We will also conduct various construction activities for attracting more people to this place,'' Reji Kumar said.Lord Buddha's 1,200-year-old statue at Karumadi is known as Karumadikuttan. Located at a distance of 19 km from Alappuzha, this statue is made from black granite. The left hand of this statue is broken and missing. It is almost three feet in height.Prakash Palipra, secretary of 'Karumadikuttans' said they were happy as the government began to take steps for protecting Karumadikuttan. \"We will provide all the support to the Department of Archaeology for the smooth execution of the project,'' Prakash said.Mavelikkara municipal councillor Lalitha Raveendran said they also received information from the cultural minister that the department will execute a project soon for the makeover of Buddha statue in Mavelikkara, which would help in attracting more people to Mavelikkara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15397126", "title": "Metro to run under city centre", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The happening city centre in Sector 17 would now have Metro rail running underneath it before the two tube corridors planned in the first phase cross each other at Matka Chowk, intersection on sectors 9, 10, 16 and 17. It would be the north-south corridor of Metro, connecting Mohali with Capitol Complex that would run under the commercial hub. The entire tube system will be underground in the city area.Besides, Transport Area would be shifted from its present location in Sector 26 to Daria and the current site would be used for setting up a Metro node on the Madhya Marg.According to the draft concept Plan 2031 prepared by the urban planning department, most of the east-west corridor would move in a straight line along Madhya Marg before moving along a curve around Botanical Garden to reach Mullanpur.Similarly, the north-south corridor, too, would reach Sector 22 in a straight line and then lean towards left to run across Sector 17 before turning straight again.The exact alignment of the Metro corridors has been communicated to UT administration by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) in its draft detailed project report, which has been incorporated in the draft master plan of Chandigarh.\"The Transport Area attracts a lot of trucks, which cause obstructions for Panchkula-Chandigarh traffic. As there is already a plan to shift out vegetable market and timber market, it would clear up prime land in the middle of the city. The Metro node there would probably be the busiest, apart from one planned near Sector 17 and Sector 9,\" said a UT official. A traffic study conducted by the UT engineering department had found that over 35,000 vehicles cross Madhya Marg during peak hours. The city has the highest per capita vehicle ratio (2:1) in the country.The junctions with almost constant traffic congestion include Press chowk light point, Kisan Bhawan chowk, Piccadilly chowk, Transport chowk, Industrial Area Phases I, II, sectors 29-30 roundabout and Matka chowk. Four lakh daily commuters enter Chandigarh from Panchkula and Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15401421", "title": "Maharashtra govt appoints two officials to same post in goof-up", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major goof-up, Maharashtra Government has appointed two senior officials to the top post in Excise Department, raising questions over coordination among various concerned departments.The state government issued orders for appointment of senior Excise officer Prasad Surve and then Osmanabad SP Datta Karale, as Director Vigilance in the state Excise department, all within a span of five days.While Surve's orders were issued on June 8, Karale's orders were issued on June 13, Home Department sources said. When Karale went to take charge, he was informed that Surve had already assumed office a couple of days earlier.In the process, the Government has also done away with the convention of having a police officer to head the sensitive vigilance wing in the Excise department, sources said.Senior police officers head vigilance posts in government departments like MHADA, state electricity board, RTO, Sales Tax, MSRTC, Legal Metrology, FDA , and Cotton Federation, the sources said. Same was the case with Excise Department, before Surve was appointed, they added.As per the convention, the vigilance cell heads of the Excise Department should be an SP or DCP level police officer, sources said. In this case, the convention has been violated, they added.However, in Surve's case, within a few days, he was promoted and posted as vigilance chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15400268", "title": "Nayan-Simbu friends again", "text": "The latest buzz from Hyderabad is that Nayanthara and Simbu, who were more than friends at one point of time, are now back on talking terms and have turned friends. The two have been painting the town red with friends at some city nightspots and Simbu has even posted pics of them on his social networking page.Their relationship had ended on a disastrous note and the two have not been on talking terms for a long time. Nayanthara had moved on to Prabhu Dheva and was looking at settling down, till that relationship also took a downward turn.Currently, both Nayan and Simbu are shooting in Hyderabad for Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum and Vaalu respectively. When Nayan returned to the big screen earlier this year, there was a buzz that Simbu had approached her for a film, but she had denied this. So, is there a movie with the two of them in the offing? One can never tell!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396393", "title": "Students call for education bandh today", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after the government decided to put a cap on the fee reimbursement scheme, various student organisations staged protests in the city. BC Students Associations have called for an education bandh on August 8. Meanwhile, student organisations including Akhil Bharathiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), Osmania University Telangana Students Joint Action Committee (OU-TSJAC) held protests at minister's quarters and Secretariat. Student unions said that the government should not restrict the scheme to a select few. \"The scheme was launched with the intention of fund education of people who need financial aid. With the government putting a cap on the fee professional education has become unaffordable for students,\" said R Krishnaiah, president of BC Sankshema Samithi. ABVP, which called for a bandh on Wednesday issued a statement threatening the state government with dire consequences if the current decision is not revised. tnn\"A total of 18 lakh students are beneficiaries of the scheme. The government cannot put them in the lurch,\" said T Ramakrishna, state president, ABVP.Meanwhile, Admission and Fee Regulatory Committee ( AFRC) is currently trying to fix the fee for 133 colleges which have already asked for a fee hike. The admission notification is expected to be out on August 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15397106", "title": "Pinki fights for her rights, faces inquiry", "text": "KOLKATA: Pinki Pramanik on Tuesday appeared before the West Bengal Human Rights Commission after she was called by the commission to inquire into the violation of the former athlete's human rights.The commission's three members - Justice (retired) Asok Ganguly and justices (retired) N C Sil and S N Roy - gave a patient hearing to the plight of the former middle distance runner. Earlier, the Association for Protection of Democratic Rights (APDR) had filed a petition to the commission alleging violation of the athlete's human rights.\"As a part of the commission's inquiry on the basis of the petition filed by APDR, we had called Pinki Pramanik. It will take another five-six days for us to come out with the report,\" said commission chairperson Ganguly. \"We are happy with the kind of seriousness that the commission has shown in this case,\" said Ranjit Sur of APDR.The commission has kept the MMS clip out of its purview as the cyber crime cell of Kolkata Police has already started a probe on that.\"The members gave me a patient hearing. I am confident that commission's report will help me restore my honour to some extent,\" said Pinki. She also gave a written complaint to the commission that her live-in partner, who brought charges of rape against her, was roaming freely though Pinki had lodged a complaint of theft against her.\"Her anticipatory bail petition has been rejected twice but police have failed to arrest her whereas they picked me up within two hours of her complaint against me,\" Pinki said.Circulation of obscene MMS featuring Pinki, the athlete being escorted by male police personnel, lodging her in the jail's male ward and forceful sex determination test were some of the contents of the petition by APDR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15397742", "title": "Kendriya Vidyalalaya regional meet focuses on career guidance", "text": "RANCHI: The Kendriya Vidyalalaya Sangathan has decided that students in various Central Schools of Jharkhand and Orissa will also be given lessons on career guidance along with normal academic classes.The decision was taken on the second day of during the First Regional Principals Conference of Central Schools here on Tuesday.Kendra Vidyalaya (regional office) deputy commissioner D Mannivannan said on the academic front the Sangathan is making an analysis of school results, including Board and internal results. He said a thought process on career guidance was also done wherein it was decided that the progress of children should be monitored even after the Board results were declared.He said there were many post of teachers lying vacant and these would be filled so that the future of the children is not hampered. \"We will focus on primary education, sports, NCC, teachers exchange programme, resource rooms and motivating the students,\" Mannivannan said.A platform is given to software services and electronic medium so that the work becomes easy. On this, Mannivannan said, \"It's totally on the discretion of the principals to implement the softwares. As it is not possible for the principal to monitor the teachers and students, hence, a biometric system will be implemented soon.\"Moreover, he said for the safety for the students and to avoid any theft there will be CCTVs installed in school buildings having two to three floors.\"Talking about Jharkhand Kendra Vidyalayas, Manivannan said \"In the state there are 15 Central Schools, including one in HEC area, where they don't have proper building and work in a temporary building which has been provided by the state government. So we are trying our best to get land from the government free of cost where we can construct a school building.\"He said land transfer is almost done for three schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396409", "title": "Encroachers attack temple", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fearing eviction from temple land, locals attacked a temple at Banjara Hills and damaged furniture and other valuables on Tuesday. Locals attacked Svayambhu Sri Lakshmi Narasimha Swamy temple at NBT Nagar, Banjara Hills. The temple is being maintained by Hare Krishna Movement.According to police, a mob of 50 persons barged into the temple on Tuesday afternoon and chased away devotees. \"According to the complaint lodged by the members of Hare Krishna Movement, the miscreants destroyed furniture and stole some valuables from the temple premises,\" Banjara Hills inspector Chandrasekhar Goud said.Police said that a kalyana mandapam was being constructed on the temple premises for conducting Krishnastami festivities on August 15 and locals, who had constructed houses in endowment land, had resorted to the offence fearing that they might be evicted.The Banjara Hills police booked a criminal case under sections 441 (Criminal trespass) and 425 (Damage to property) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15397352", "title": "10 tonnes of garbage cleared day after pheri", "text": "NASHIK: The day after nearly 5 lakh devotees reached Trimbakeshwar on Monday for the annual Shravan Somvar Pheri, local bodies started engaged themselves in clearing litter left behind with the Trimbakeshwar municipal council collecting 10 tonnes of garbage.The Trimbakeshwar panchayat samiti asked grampanchayats to conduct cleanliness drives along the 20-km circumambulation path around Brahmagiri Hillto conduct cleanliness drives alonf to clearn up the areas off the litter that dots the pheri-marg.\"Many of those who undertook the trek along the path of the pheri ahave left a trail of refuse, including tea-cups, plastic plates and food-paper and plastic dishes, wrappers. We had asked the kiosk ownersalso to collect the garbage but very few cooperated with usIn any ways we have asked grampanchayats to undertake the cleanliness drives,\" block development officer, in charge of Trimbakeshwar, RN Gawde said.It is the responsibility of the grampanchayats to maintain cleanliness and hence they have been asked to undertake measures for the same.The grampanchayats have also been asked to deploy their volunteers at such places on a regular basis hence forth. \"We have also decided to use the guidelines of 'Nirmal Gram'for publicity purpose and are taking up this on record so that next time the issue can be addressed before furture events,\" Gawde said.However, there seemed to be no commitment over the possibility of any action against stall-owners who had been instrumental in causing the litter since they did not place dust bins.The Trimbakeshwar municipal council, having swung into action after the crowd of pilgrims receded in the town post Sharavan Pheri, collected at least 10 tonnes of garbage - five times the normal quantity.the council had collected nearly 10 tonnes of garbage, most of it being the plastic refuse.\"Typically,, Trimbak town generates 2 tonnes of garbage and most of it is bio-degradable. But the garbage situation changes during the Shravan Pheri, and there is an excell of plastic and other non-bio-degradebale waste left mostly by visiting pilgrims. when the devotees coming here dump plastic and wrappers after consuming the eatables.The disposal of the same is of grave concern as local villagers have now opposed allocation of the space for landfills. The matter is sub-judice,\" NM Nagare, chief officer, Trimbak Muinicipal Coucil said.Meanwhile, the council had also proposed for tie-up with Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) about using the landfills available there, but even that has been opposed to by the NMC. Currently the entire refuse is dumped behind the newly constructed tehsil office of the Trimbakeshwar, an official from municipality said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15397316", "title": "Centre okays Metro rail link from Mundka (Delhi) to Bahadurgarh (Haryana)", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Union government on Tuesday approved the extension of Metro rail connection from Mundka (Delhi) to Bahadurgarh (Haryana), giving a third such link in the national capital region (NCR) of Haryana.The approval was accorded at a high-level empowered group of ministers meeting, headed by Union defence minister A K Antony in New Delhi. Gurgaon and Faridabad are the other two Haryana cities connected with national capital by Metro rail.Union finance minister P Chidambram, urban development minister Kamal Nath , minister Praful Patel , Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and deputy chairman of Planning Commission, Montek Singh Ahluwalia attended the meeting.The route length of Delhi Metro from Mundka to Bahadurgarh, Haryana will be 11.182 kms that would cost Rs 1,991 crore. Seven metro stations would be set up at Mundka Industrial Area, Ghevra, Tikri Kalan, Tikri Border, Modern Industrial Estate, Bahadurgarh Bus Stand and City Park between Mundka and Bahadurgarh. The construction work of the extension project will start later this year and would be completed by March, 2016.Haryana segment of the approved extension would be 4.875 kms while Delhi segment would be 6.307 kms. Of the total project cost, Rs 912 crore will be for the Haryana segment whereas Rs 1,079 crore will be spent on Delhi segment. Haryana government will bear expenses of Rs 788 crore for the project and would also provide 10 hectares of land for constructing a Metro depot.On completion in 2016, it will provide commuting facilities to about 96,000 passengers from Bahadurgarh to Delhi and vice-versa. By 2021-2022, this figure is likely to go up to 1,48,000, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "joram, belpahari", "code": "15397006", "title": "Belpahari rides on winds of change", "text": "JORAM, BELPAHARI: Shantanu Mahato was driving his motorbike to Joram, 15 km from Belpahari block in Midnapore. Riding pillion was Mamata Banerjee, the then state chairperson of the party, who had embarked on a mass contact programme to experience first-hand the lives of a neglected Adivasi-dominated populace.August 7, 2012: Shantanu, now a book trader at 52, is guiding us through the same route to Joram. \"I will take you to Roopchand's house,\" he says, adding, \"he was one of the first to speak to Didi that day\".The pucca road had been dug up a little before Jamtal Gora bridge on that January day, forcing Mamata to take the bike detour. The road is back in shape, but eighteen years and a change in regime later, Roopchand Sardar still collects ant eggs from the forests and sells them for a living.Tucked away behind the thick saal forests, that dot the road to Banspahari, Joram is situated on a small hillock that forms the border between Bengal and Jharkhand. The mud track that winds up to this 90-household village is engulfed by saal, mohul, kendu and segun trees. The silence is deathly.Roopchand, 67, was intently chopping away large logs and didn't spare a glance at first. Age, he said later, was catching up with him. His eyes lit up when asked how will it be meeting today's chief minister. \"Yes, I was in the village that day. She came and spoke to us - mainly the womenfolk,\" he said.So, will he go to meet Mamata when she visits Belpahari on Wednesday? \"Yes, I will. And perhaps take some ant eggs for her,\" he said, smiling. The irony was unmistakable.In her book Upolobdhi (Realization), Mamata has said people eating ant eggs to survive was indicative on how far we have marginalized our own people.The problem is Joram's menfolk - and also the women - still go into the forests particularly in these four months of the year to hunt for ant eggs. It isn't merely a delicacy for them, but fetches nearly Rs 100 per kilogram, as the demand of these eggs for fishing increases with every passing day.But Roopchand is happy that something is happening at last. \"After this government came to power, every household was given 50 kilograms of rice (at Rs 2 per kilogram) once. We also get five kilograms of rice per person per week now for the same Rs 2,\" he says.The only problem is that the nearest PDS shop is at Ashari - a 5km walk from Joram. Things are indeed changing, even if it is at a very slow pace. Under the 100-day-work scheme, three ponds have been dug up in the past year-and-a-half. The only other pond in the village was dug up three years back around the same time when electricity reached the village.Balaram Mahato (58) indicates the flip side. \"Water is scarce here. They tried to install a deep tube well, but it doesn't work. They say (two youths who're now Trinamool's flagbearers in this village) a tank will be built near the village school. It will really save us,\" he says.Roopchand interrupts him midway. \"Now, if we inform, an ambulance reaches the village anytime.\" For them, the significance is immense - the nearest hospital is the Belpahari Block Primary Health Centre, 15 kilometres away. \"We hope the government sanctions us some homes under the Indira Awas Yojna. There hasn't been any here,\" he says, getting busy with his unfinished logs again.The thatched roofs of the Sabar households uphill give an indication of what Mamata would have seen 18 years back. They remain there, as if Joram is caught in a time warp.Joram's travails are reflective of the region's plight. Till the other day, both Roopchand and Balaram admit, they led a life of fear. \"At least we've got a respite from that last year,\" Roopchand says. One night, he recollects, puffing a rather long bidi (a dry saal leaf wrapped over home-grown tobacco), they had barged into their homes, the rifle butts pointed on their chests and forcing the villagers to attend the meetings. What they had said in the meetings, Roopchand dare not say, the fear clearly palpable. Balaram, too, agrees.Shantanu explains the proximity of the place to Jharkhand and the hilly-forest terrain that provided a free-run to the Maoists or Bonparty as they are called in these parts.The fear has disappeared, prompting the more farming-inclined Mahatos to go for cultivation and the Sabars to go to the forests to scout for ant eggs, bee hives and saal leaves. Some of the village youths have also headed off to Burdwan to work as daily wage labourers.The lush green fields adjoining the village has finally given them some hope - so what if the monsoon has been delayed by over two weeks in this belt. Balaram says, \"At least we've been able to cultivate this year without bothering about anything else.\"Roopchand and Balaram agree on one thing. \"Things are changing,\" they say in unison. \"We are all going to listen to our chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Belpahari on Wednesday,\" they sign off in anticipation.Happy with ant eggs, Joram is willing to wait for change.(Inputs from Sujay Khanra)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397153", "title": "3 booked for digging up borewells", "text": "GURGAON: The Palam Vihar police have lodged an FIR against three people for allegedly digging up illegal borewells on their plots in different areas. The borewells have been seized by the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) team, which along with the police, raided the three plots.After receiving relevant information, the MCG team raided the three places, Ashok Vihar Phase II, Molahera village and old Delhi road, where the three were getting borewells dug up on their plots without obtaining requisite permission from the deputy commissioner.\"The accused have been identified as Omprakash, Narendra Singh and Atithi Sharma. An FIR under Section 188 of the IPC has been registered against all the three. Efforts are on to arrest them,\" said SHO, Palam Vihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15395950", "title": "Post-graduate admission for physically challenged in Allahabad University", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Candidates seeking admission to MA/MSc/MCom/MEd (2012-13) under the physically handicapped quota are required to appear before the Medical Board on August 11 at 12pm in the office of Dean Students Welfare along with original documents.Admission in MSc biochemistry: OBC Candidates securing up to 79 marks, and all SC candidates are advised to contact the biochemistry department on August 13 between 10am and 12:30pm with original documents, TC/migration, caste certificate, photocopies and two coloured photographs.Admission in MA economics: General category students who have secured 113 marks or more in the entrance exam, OBC candidates who have secured 69marks or more, SC candidates who have secured 51 marks or more, all ST candidates and all employee wards are required to report at the economics department on August 8 between 11am and 1pm along with two photographs, all original documents and photocopies.Admission in MA education: General category candidates securing up to 93 marks, OBC up to 79 marks, SC up to 69 marks and all ST candidates are advised to contact the department of Geography on August 8 at 10:30am with original documents, TC/migration, caste certificate, photocopies and two coloured photographs.Admission in bioinformatics programme: Students who have qualified written test of PGAT in allied subjects and scored 71 marks and above should come for an interview on August 10 at 11am in the Centre of Bioinformatics along with documents and transcripts of record with a photocopy set of the documents.Admission in MCom: OBC category students scoring 102 and above marks and all ST candidates should report at the Commerce faculty on August 8, and Schedule Caste (SC) candidates scoring 76 and above marks and all ST candidates should report on August 9. The reporting time is 9am in commerce department and candidates should come with all original and photocopy of required documents and one passport size photograph.Admission in MA psychology: OBC candidates up to 25 marks, SC and all ST candidates who appeared in PGAT are advised to contact the department of psychology on August 9 between 10am and 1pm with original documents, photocopies and two coloured photographs.All Non Subject candidates interested in taking admission who appeared in PGAT are advised to contact the department of Psychology on August 10 at 11am.Admission in MA/MSc geography: General candidates securing up to 150 marks, OBC- up to 140 marks, SC up to 118 marks and all ST candidates are advised to contact the department of Geography on August 08 at 11 am with their original documents, TC/migration, caste certificate, photocopies and two coloured photographs.Admission in MSc agriculture botany: Candidates of General, OBC, SC and ST all candidates are required to present themselves in the department of Botany on August 08 at 11:00 am with their original documents, TC, Migration certificate their photocopies and two colour photographs. Admission will be strictly on merit basis against availability of seats.Admission in environmental sciences: Applications forms for admission in MSc Environmental Sciences under Paid Seat/NRI Category will be available in the office of the Environmental Sciences, Botany department AU on all working days from 12:00 to 3:00 pm. Students interested are required to collect the forms as early as possible . Last date for sale and submission of forms is August 11.Admission in MSc zoology: All ST candidates are advised to contact the department of Zoology on August 09, between 10:00 am to 12:00 noon with their original documents, TC/ Migration, Caste Certificate, their photocopies and two coloured photographs. Admission will be made strictly according to merit and availability of seats.Admission in MA Journalism: General candidates securing up to 89 marks, OBC- up to 76 marks, SC up to 55 marks and all ST candidates are advised to contact the department of Journalism &amp; Mass Communication on August 10 between 11 am to 2:00 pm with their original documents, TC/Migration, Caste Certificate, their photocopies and two colour photographs. One seat each is reserved for physically challenged and outstanding sportsman horizontally.JK Institute: Admission against the remaining seats in Msc Computer Science (Gen, OBC, SC/ST) will be done on August 11 from 9am onwards. All Eligible candidates (appeared in Msc Math/CS both or Math/Physics both) to report along with Rs 22,0990/- Banker's cheque in the name of HOD, J K Institute of Applied Physics and Technology, Allahabad (for GEN/OBC/SC/ST) Rs 1910 (GEN/OBC) or Rs 480/- (only for those SC/ST candidates whose parent's annual income is below Rs 2 Lakh) draft in the name of \"Finance Officer, University of Allahabad. All testimonials/certificates and two photographs. Admission shall be done strictly on the basis of merit and availability of seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15395921", "title": "Cops warned of IM strike on I-Day", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Mujahideen module may have failed in Pune last week but intelligence sources say the same group may carry out a major strike in the capital during Independence Day celebrations. The Special Cell, which has been alerted by the Intelligence Bureau, is making efforts to trace suspected members of the module in Delhi.A top official told TOI, \"We are not taking any chances because we have been told that the Indian Mujahideen module which was active in Pune last week may attempt to bomb Delhi's markets\".Intelligence officials are still on the lookout for members of the outfit who they suspect to be part of a module which carried out serials blasts in Delhi, Jaipur and Surat in 2008 but had gone into hiding since. \"We believe the same members are again active,\" said an official.The role of this module is already being probed in last week's Pune blasts because of the technique adopted. They used bicycles, planted the bombs in dustbins and made Improvised Explosive Devices (IEDs) half-heartedly. Most of the members in the module behind the 2008 blasts were from Azamgarh (Uttar Pradesh) and Maharashtra and the group had only one or two IED experts, said the officer. Dr Shahnawaz, Junaid and Abdus Subhan are important members of the group and intelligence officials suspect that they could be involved in the Pune blasts as well. \"These IM members could not be arrested in 2008 during the Batla House encounter ,\" said the officer.Sources say that it doesn't seem to be the handiwork of modules created post 2008 by IM chief Shahrukh because he \"makes powerful bombs\". When asked whether it is possible for any IM member to carry out blasts without the knowledge of Shahrukh, an officer said, \"This module hasn't been in touch with Shahrukh since the past few years. They are capable of carrying out low-intensity blasts\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15398945", "title": "Soon, you can go online to plug leaks, clear garbage", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking cues from civic bodies of developed nations, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has gone full throttle on the hi-tech path. After putting in place a successful pothole-tracking system, the BMC now plans to launch an integrated tracking system for four essential services: Water supply, storm-water drains, sewerage operations and solid waste management. This will be a big leap for the civic body which has been severely criticized for its poor services, especially contractors' inefficiency.TOI has learnt that this system's objective is to involve citizens in tracking services that often go unmonitored in spite of complaints. This system will be very similar to the one used by the roads department and allow citizens to click pictures and apprise civic officials of any shortcomings.Confirming the development, Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner , told TOI, \"We plan to launch an integrated tracking system to monitor the services that we deliver. It would allow citizens to participate in the civic process and help improve it. The complaints mechanism will be overhauled and enable us to monitor it in a systematic manner.\"It will be very similar to the website used by the roads departmentvoiceofcitizen .com\u2014and enable citizens to click pictures of leaking pipelines or sources of contaminated water and apprise civic officials about these. The civic body has selected the four departments as they are used by citizens on a daily basis. As far as water supply is concerned, the system will cater to complaints on leaking pipelines, sources of contaminated water and water pressure. In case of solid waste management, the plan is to geo-tag all collection points. The civic body's solid waste management department will be entrusted with the job of clicking pictures of collection points. This will help the civic headquarters keep a close check on the collection process and identify spots that might be left out.In all cases, the pictures will be uploaded to a central server and a monitoring team will be set up. It will be responsible for ensuring that complaints are looked into. As in the case of the pothole-tracking system, citizens would be allowed to click pictures of uncollected garbage and leaking pipelines with Android cellphones and upload them online.The civic body is already in consultation with several software developers and is likely to float tenders in the coming days. Sources suggest that the integrated tracking system is likely to be rolled out in three months.What to expect of the new systemThe integrated tracking system for water supply, storm-water drains, sewarage and solid waste management will function on the lines of the pothole tracking system.An aware citizen will have to click a picture of the affected area and the software will automatically geo-tag the picture and store it in the system.The system will notify the concerned department and officials will close the problem within a stipulated time period. Statistics on the number of problems, those solved and pending will also be made available on the website. For example, citizens could upload photos of a leaking pipeline. Once officials are notified, they will begin work on fixing it.The project has reached the tendering stage and the BMC has consulted experts from IIT for a feasibility study. Currently, the civic body is deciding on a name for the project that will reflect the city's individuality and character.Times View: Solve the problem after tracking itGetting citizens to track problems is no doubt a well-intentioned idea. Involving citizens in civic issues gives them a sense of participation and also acts as a daily (or weekly) civic audit. But tracking problems is merely the first step in eradicating them.What the BMC needs to do is put in place a system that will solve the problem highlighted (or \"tracked\" ) by a citizen; lack of results can lead to citizen apathy and the gradual death of a good idea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15400337", "title": "Infant's death - online petition for health dept gathers steam with over 11,000 signatures", "text": "Jalandhar: Following death of an infant in Civil Hospital Jalandhar following the mother and baby were handled callously and were denied proper treatment for want of fee an online petition has been launched by global campaigning group Avaaz for submitting to Punjab Government demanding putting up of posters in key languages inside hospitals and to set up help desks to genuinely assist poor patients.The petition has already been signed by over 11,000 people and the group contemplated to send it soon to Principal Secretary health Vinnie Mahajan.The fee of Rs 200 for keeping the child in phototherapy unit was demanded from parents of the baby even as a government scheme Janani Shishu Suraksha Yojna provides that the mother and baby would be treated free after delivery. As the parents failed to deposit the fee the baby was kept out of the unit.\"The tragic irony is that in Punjab neonatal care in government hospitals for high-risk babies was made free last year. Yet none of the hospital staff knew and neither did the baby's parents, who were harassed by staff as their baby died. Punjab's Chief Minister has now announced that all neonatal care will be free up to 28 days after birth. Before the public spotlight on this tragedy fades, let's ensure lack of information about free care never kills again by insisting the state's health department publicise these new rules to inform patients of their rights,\" The petition reads.\"An at-risk newborn should receive free health-care according to the rules in Punjab rather than getting tossed aside with such callous cruelty. Tragically, the parents of this baby girl were never informed of their rights. That's why we're calling on the Punjab Authorities to mount an education campaign on patients' rights to ensure that their hospitals are centres of health and not horror.\"\" said Ian Bassin, Campaign Director at Avaaz.\"Poor people across India rely on government hospitals but unfortunately there is no one to inform them of their rights. Policies made in government departments in state capitals are rarely properly communicated to hospitals or patients. So while India plans to increase spending on healthcare, tragedies will persist until people are informed of their rights,\" the petition reads further while urging people to sign it online.\"The parents of this poor baby girl have done us all a service by speaking out. Let's campaign together so that no baby has to die like this ever again,\" it says.An enquiry into the death has already indicted the hospital staff for callousness, illegally demanding the fee and for tampering of record.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396750", "title": "South Bombay doctor arrested for 'raping' NRI", "text": "MUMBAI: The Colaba police on Monday arrested a 38-year-old doctor for allegedly raping a 37-year-old NRI for the last five years on the pretext of giving her spiritual guidance. The victim, a software consultant in the US, told the police that the suspect Nitesh Karve (name changed) used to offer her spiked drinks and chant mantras before raping her.Based on a written complaint filed by the victim in March, the police carried out investigation and finally arrested Karve from his south Mumbai residence on Monday. Karve has been remanded in police was booked under IPC section 376 (rape), 420 (cheating) and 497 (adultery). He is in custody till August 10.Karve claimed the complainant had framed him. after denied marrying her. \"Karve, in his statement, told the police.He said the complainant befriended him in the United States during a spiritual meet that was held in 2008. He said he didn't had forceful relationship with the complainant,\" said a police officer.The complainant is married to an engineer and settled in the US in 1996. The software consultant in the FIR said, \"My family and I met Karve in Los Angeles in 2008. Later, Karve became close to my family.\" The complainant alleged during her visit to Mumbai Karve called her to his house to give a lecture on spirituality. Till date from 2008, Karve betrayed her trust and raped her, she alleged.Meanwhile, Karve's family members refused to comment on the matter.\"Before raping me Karve chanted mantras which left me in different world not knowing what has happened to me,\" said a senior police officer.The officer said the woman also alleged that Karve took advantage of her and minted money and gold ornaments to the tune over Rs 3 lakhs during this period. \"The victim's husband also complained that Karve took advantage of their trust. Karve visited US frequently to attend spiritual meet. His parents are also settled in US,\" said the officer.TOI checked with the police the reason the victim delayed in filing a complaint. Investigators said that they are probing the matter. Meanwhile Karve's family members has denied commenting the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15396540", "title": "Senior MDLR employee joins probe", "text": "GURGAON: In a carefully worded statement, Aruna Chaddha, an official of the MDLR Group who is a co-accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, on Tuesday said she was ready to face the investigation.Aruna came out of the MDLR office flanked by private guards and Guraon police officers after a long wait by mediapersons. In a statement that took just 32 seconds for her to read out, Aruna said, \"It's a shocking incident. I received notice at 5.45pm today from the Delhi police. I am heading towards Delhi to join in the investigation\".Journalists had information that Aruna Chaddha would hold a press briefing detailing the facts of the case outside the MDLR office, located in the old judicial complex in Civil Lines, Gurgaon. They assembled at the spot from 3pm. But Aruna came out around 6.30pm and left soon after making her statement. A source said she had arrived with her advocates at the MDLR office around 5pm from the back door. After a discussion with her lawyers, she gave her statement and left in an Innova.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397620", "title": "Student duped of Rs 25,000", "text": "PUNE: Two unidentified persons allegedly duped a 20-year-old college student of Rs 25,000 on the pretext of helping him fill in a bank slip on August 1.A complaint has been lodged by Avinash Kumar of Dhanakawdi with the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station.Assistant police inspector Krishna Indalkar said that on August 1, Kumar had gone to the bank to withdraw a demand draft of Rs 25,000. \"Two persons approached him and offered to help him,\" Indalkar said.Later, one of the two told Kumar that he urgently needed to go to Nagpur and asked Kumar to give him Rs 25,000. The person also handed over a box to Kumar and claimed that it contained Rs 1.20 lakh.\"The person told Kumar that his colleague will drop him at a bus stand and then will return his money and take back the box,\" Indalkar said.After the person failed to return, Kumar suspected foul play. He opened the box only to find it stuffed with waste paper. \"We have launched a search operation to trace the duo,\" Indalkar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15397196", "title": "Sex education soon in high school syllabus", "text": "KOLKATA: What was a controversial topic during the Left Front regime, has sparked a debate once more. Council of Boards of School Education in India (Cobse) has proposed that Bengal should include elements of \"adolescence education\" in the syllabus of Classes XI and XII.After a meeting with the expert committee chairman Aveek Mazumdar, West Bengal Higher Secondary Council president Muktinath Chattopadhyay has agreed on the need to incorporate parts of \" sex education\" in the biology syllabus, while adolescence education can be included in subjects like sociology, psychology and education.\"There are various psychological problems faced by students which include teasing, bullying, depression, trauma and queries related to sexual behaviour. We would like to include sufficient material on these subjects so that students find a solution to the problems bothering their young minds,\" said HSC president Muktinath Chattopadhyay.An extensive teachers' training programme will be taken up, he said. \"It won't be taught as a separate subject and there will be no examination. It will be a part of their syllabus,\" he added.At the Cobse meeting held last month, members offered help to the secondary board and the HS council in framing their syllabi. \"Only when the council and board approve the syllabus, it will be placed for sanction by the state government,\" said an HS council member.The Left Front government had to shelve its plans to introduce 'lifestyle education' in 2009, saying students were already under pressure from environment studies as a compulsory additional subject. Now that EVS is gone, the HS council is taking a relook at adolescence studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "15397640", "title": "Procession heralds festive mood ahead of boat race", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Venice of the East wore a festive look on Tuesday with hundreds of students taking out a colourful procession in connection with the 60th edition of Nehru Trophy Boat Race (NTBR), which will be held on Saturday.Chenda melam, ammankudam and other art forms added vibrancy to the procession, which showcased different aspects of the boat race. Several hundreds of people gathered on both sides of the road to witness the procession.The procession, which started from the Alappuzha EMS Stadium School passed through the town's main roads and concluded at Town Square.Students of St Antony's Girls High School, Government Pre-Primary TTI, SDV Girls High School, SDV Higher Secondary School, St Joseph's Higher Secondary School, Carmel Academy English Medium School, Lajnathul Muhammadiya School, Government Higher Secondary School for Girls, NIIT, TD School and Matha Senior Secondary School and Janamaithri police participated in the procession. A cultural meeting was held at the Town Square after the procession.Meanwhile, all the arrangements have been completed for the boat race. On Tuesday, district collector P Venugopal, who is the chairman of Nehru Trophy Boat Race Society, reviewed the security arrangements. He, along with Alappuzha SP K J James also inspected the pavilion of the boat race.Publicity committee of the NTBR also organized a mascot painting competition for children at the Town Square on Tuesday. A fish with an oar is the mascot of this year's NTBR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15397303", "title": "Fiza liked to remain in her own world", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Many years before she started hitting the headlines, Fiza, then Anuradha Bali, used to be known as an introvert, who avoided talking and mingling with people, and was also quite quarrelsome.She was also known as an intelligent girl with love for a good lifestyle.Fiza's neighbours from military engineering services (MES) quarters in Sector 47, where she used to stay some ten years back before shifting to Sector 48-C in Chandigarh, recall that she liked to remain in her own world.There was a temple, adjoining her house, and Fiza had indulged in a spat with the priest's wife a number of times. She had started teaching tuitions right from her college days and was fond of upscale lifestyle.\"Fiza's family was staying in the government house, facing our home. They were four sisters but Fiza was totally different among them. She preferred to remain in her own world and never interacted with us. There was a temple, adjacent their home, and Fiza had quarreled with priest's wife many times. Once she had even hit her on the face,\" said one of the neighbours, requesting anonymity.Fiza's father Dharam Pal Sharma was working as an engineer with MES and he was posted at Chandimandir. Some of her old neighbours remembered Fiza as an intelligent girl.\"Fiza was also quite enigmatic. She did not attend social functions and had no friends circle in the locality. But she was an intelligent girl, who had also giving tuitions when she was studying in college. She was also giving home tuitions when she was studying law,\" said Rajinder Singh, an old neighbour.Another neighbour, who has now shifted to Sector 28, here, told TOI, \"Fiza was reserved but she was always ready to help others. I still remember an instance when she had helped me by going out of the way, while my husband was out of the town. She was fond of upscale lifestyle and expensive shades.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397432", "title": "Schools vans stay off roads to evade raids", "text": "CHENNAI: More than 7,000 school vans transporting schoolchildren stayed off the roads on Tuesday following the crackdown by traffic police and the regional transport office.\"It is not a strike. We are being harassed by the police and RTO. It is safer to just stay home than get caught and pay a fine or get our vehicles detained,\" said Benjamin of the Tamil Nadu School Van Drivers Association. \"The most common complaint we got was over loading. While the permit allows only 12 children in a maxi-cab, drivers accommodate a few more,\" he said.The transport commissioner, T Prabhakara Rao, said: \"Keeping the age in mind, if more children can be safely seated, we may alter the permit rules.\" After meeting the transport minister on Monday, representatives of the association had met the transport commissioner on Tuesday.The association had also requested the transport department to reduce the taxes. \"At least 20 children can be accommodated in a van. We also want the tax to be reduced from Rs 3,825 per quarter to Rs 2,000 per year. Otherwise it is not economical,\" said Vairasehkar, president of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15398484", "title": "\u2018New heads for boards, corporations'", "text": "MANGALORE: BJP men, who have completed their three-year tenure as heads of boards and corporations in the state, will make way for others. A decision to this effect has been taken at the core committee of the party and deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa who is also the state president of the party, has been empowered to take a call on finalizing the names to these bodies, said to former CM DV Sadananda Gowda. Speaking to reporters here on Tuesday Gowda deflected queries on the move to re-allocate portfolios, in view of discontentment in various camps in the ruling BJP, after the current assembly session. \"Any move to reallocate portfolios, drop or include someone is the sole prerogative of the chief minister,\" he said.Taking an indirect dig at his predecessor BS Yeddyurappa, Sadananda Gowda said any party leader is free to tour the state in their endeavour to further strengthen the rank and file of the party ahead of the assembly election that is round the corner. \"Even I have visited quite a few districts after stepping down as the chief minister,\" he said and added that not much significance should be attached to tour programmes of party leaders in the state.On Anna Hazare's decision to start a political party, he said, \"All political parties have fought corruption. They have failed on account of pressures that the privilege of being in office brings on them.\"On demands to that G Somashekara Reddy, president of Karnataka Milk Federation should be removed from the post in wake of Anti-Corruption Bureau of Andhra Pradesh arresting him in connection with the cash for bail scam, he said, \"The final call on this issue is left to the chief minister and the minister for cooperation. The party has always taken a stand that leaders facing corruption charges must quit posts they hold until they are exonerated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15397264", "title": "Jewellery worth Rs 1.9L stolen from woman on bus", "text": "NASHIK: Jewellery worth Rs 1.89 lakh was stolen from a woman passenger travelling in a bus on Sunday at around 10am. between 10 am and 10.45 am.The woman, Mangal Ramesh Patil (50), of Sawarkarnagar said that on the said day, she had boarded a bus for Savarkarnagar from the Nashik Road bus stand, when she found the chain of her purse was broken and a burglar burglar opened the chain of her purse and stole away gold bangles, necklaces, two rings, a chain and earrings were stolen. A 56-year-old woman who had boarded a bus from the same bus stand was also burgled the same day of valuables worth Rs 12,000 which included a pen drive, ATM card and cash.Both cases highlight the there is a rising number of burglaries, either at bus stands or on in running buses. On Sunday, a 56-year old-woman, who took a bus from the same bus stand was burgled in the same fashion stealing away her pen drive, ATM card and cash, all worth Rs 12,000.On July 19, a 30-year-old man, Atul Kulkarni of Nandgaon was burgled of Rs 50,000 at the Shalimar bus stand. On July 18, Rs 41,127 was astolen from the bag of another senior citizen, Ramchandra Shevale (62), who was travelling between Panchavati Karanja to Meri Signal. Shevale had hung his bag on his shoulder when travelling by the city bus, when it was burgled. unidentified burglars took advantage of the rush and burgled the amount.In another similar incident, 67-year-old, Bharat Palan (67) resident of Hari Vitthal Co-operative Society, Panchavati was burgled on June 7 of Rs 79,000 while travelling between Ved Mandir to Thane Janata Co-operative Bank, Holker Bridge. On July 12, a 33- year-old woman, Sangita Pawar of Panchavati, said that her jewellery worth Rs 77,000 were stolen when she was travelling in the city bus from Nimani Bus Stop to Dhatrak Phata.On July 27 the police arrested two women - both Malegaon residents - Rani Kasbe (35), a Malegaon resident of Melagaon Camp in Malegaon and Babita Hatangale (23) also of the same area on charges of stealing Rs 2,000 from the purse of a 50- year-old woman. In the month of June, one Yusuf Chand Shaikh (24), resident of Sant Kabir Nagar, Dwarka was arrested on charges of stealing Rs 10,500 from the purse of a bus passenger. The accused was found picking up the pocket of one Prakash Ratan Bagul (37), resident of Abhona, Kalwan, when the latter was travelling in a bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397556", "title": "Transport body to recruit 8,900 drivers", "text": "PUNE: Seven months after Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) driver Santosh Mane, went on a murderous rampage at Swargate depot killing nine people allegedly due to work-related stress, the corporation has started the process to recruit about 8,900 drivers.The issue of MSRTC drivers suffering from high level stress at work came to light after Mane mowed down nine people on January 25 this year. Soon after, the MSRTC workers federation demanded urgent recruitment of drivers. The federation had said that the issue of pending vacancies including those of drivers, had been neglected for a long time.Hanumant Tate, general secretary of Maharashtra State Transport Workers Federation, said, \"At present, as many as 37,000 drivers work at various MSRTC depots across the state. This number is less considering daily operation of buses; hence it is essential to fill vacant posts.\"Tate further said that with increased bus operations at most depots, drivers and conductors were working in additional shifts and doing overtime. Some were working in back-to-back shifts. The drivers and conductors often complained of physical stress, he said.Pune divisional secretary of the federation, Dilip Parab, said that about 700 posts of drivers were lying vacant in Pune. Similar vacancies were there at many depots. Parab said, \"The current lot is working hard to maintain the schedule of buses. Many drivers work overtime and for longer periods than the stipulated duty time. The management should initiate steps to recruit additional drivers.\"Tate said that it was a welcome move that the recruitment process had begun. The administration should complete it within stipulated time. Recruitment would help in streamlining daily bus operations and increase efficiency, he said.The MSRTC has floated an advertisement to recruit 8,948 drivers, 6,247 conductors, 2,658 helpers and about 1,936 office clerks. An official said that about 19,789 posts were being filled under the recently announced drive.This would be among the biggest recruitment drives announced by the MSRTC in recent years. The recruitment forms have been made available online.An official said that the MSRTC has also initiated steps to appoint counselors to conduct stress management sessions with the drivers, conductors and staff members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15397920", "title": "A literary nook of their own", "text": "MADURAI: Six years ago, a group of women with a keen literary interest came together to form 'Koodu', a forum where they could pursue their love for books and reading, review books together and also debate on various issues.Founder members, Geetha Elangovan, Selvam Salai and Rita Amma say that today, the group is successfully forging ahead with many women showing an interest to join them. There are about 45 active members in the group, who try to make it to the meetings, even if it means a journey from Chennai to Madurai, like for Geetha. Group members meet on every second Saturday of the month and anyone irrespective of age can become a member for an annual fee of just Rs 200. Women from various backgrounds, including doctors, lawyers, writers, homemakers and even housemaids come to these meetings with alacrity, sometimes even breaking restrictions within their families. Geetha says they had started the forum with an aim to provide a platform for women to voice their thoughts. \"It is a space where we can discuss books or just interact and share our feelings,\" she says.An ordinary meeting consists of any four members reviewing two books of their interest. One of the recent books recommended and discussed in the group was the 100-year-old book, 'Sultana's Dream', a Bengali science fiction. In 2007, the group had organized a film festival called 'pen thirai', where films directed by female directors across the country were screened. The Indian Medical Association in Madurai had offered their hall free of charge for this purpose. 'Kalakanavu', a drama enacted and staged by them was also another landmark in their endeavours.Women from all walks of life are invited to speak in important meetings of the forum. \"We are of the strong opinion that every woman is an achiever in her life, be it a homemaker, a doctor, or an adivasi woman who roams the forests in search of food for her family. Sharing each of our experiences is a great teaching by itself,\" says Geetha. The forum also allows these women to discuss and solve various issues of a personal nature. When a member was going through a divorce, the others contributed and helped her gain custody of her child. Crediting their family for extending support, members add that their spouses also play an important role in organizing their bigger meets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15398368", "title": "Let DK\u2019s image not be spoiled: women\u2019s panel", "text": "BANGALORE: Besides criticizing local police for their failure to prevent the July 28 attack on Morning Mist homestay, the Karnataka State Commission for Women (KSCW) has advised the administration to take measures to safeguard the image of Dakshina Kannada.KSCW chairperson C Manjula,who has prepared a five-page report, told TOI: \"It was a brutal incident which has left a scar on the victims.... The priority should be to help them recover emotionally and psychologically.\"The panel has sought action against local police. \"Subhash Padil is a habitual offender.Why didn't the police keep a vigil on him?'' she asked. \"We have suggested the government take long-term measures so that the region's image is not sullied further. Police have a pivotal role in preventing the recurrence of such incidents.Police action should be impartial, while the administration should ensure the rights of citizens are not violated,'' Manjula said. KSCW suspects drug mafia was behind mysterious deaths in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396556", "title": "Chidambaram meets BJP brass for 'peaceful' monsoon session", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apprehensive that the Opposition will corner him for 2G scam and other issues after he took over as the finance minister, P Chidambaram reached out to the top brass of main Opposition BJP ahead of the monsoon session of Parliament to ensure smooth sailing for himself and some of the Bills he intends to get passed.Chidambaram went to senior BJP leader and NDA chairperson L K Advani's residence over the weekend and met Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley on Tuesday in the latter's Parliament office and discussed some of the important Bills he plans to move during the session. He is understood to have discussed other issues that are likely to figure in the 20-day session.The new finance minister, who took over from Pranab Mukherjee, had met Advani on Sunday and is likely to meet Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj, sources said.However, these overtures may not work to Chidambaram's advantage at least in the initial days of the monsoon session as BJP and some NDA allies may target him on the Aircel-Maxis issue. Chidambaram had faced attacks on the issue in the last session as his kin had allegedly benefited from the controversial deal.BJP-led NDA may try to disrupt proceedings in the first few days and make Chidambaram the main target of their attack.Chidambaram had faced Opposition boycott in both Houses of Parliament during the last winter session when he was the home minister. BJP has charged him of complicity in the 2G scam as he was the finance minister in UPA-I when the deal was done. Then telecom minister A Raja had said, that the finance minister was kept in the loop during the allocation process.Chidambaram has set the wheels of change in motion in the finance ministry since he took over on July 31. He is looking into the retrospective taxation and GAAR, among other issues, on which he might need the Opposition's support in Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15400469", "title": "Maharashtra to be pitched as a versatile holiday destination", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra will be pitched as a destination for beach holidays, hill and fort expeditions, ecotourism and religious tourism by the union ministry of tourism. The ministry has identified four circuits for integrated development of tourism infrastructure in this state.The circuits identified in a report prepared by the tourism ministry for Maharashtra are the coastal/beach tourism circuit in the Konkan region and the Mumbai to Goa route, the Sahyadri mountain range with its hills and forts which be a heritage tourism destination. The third circuit is Aurangabad, Paithan, Daulatabad, Ellora, Grishneshwar and Ajanta and the fourth one is ecotourism in the Vidharba region.The report assessed each of these destinations and the problems faced in these places. For instance: in the Goa to Amboli route, the report said that there is a fear of landslide along the road. Other than this, the stretch lack parking facility and information signages and ``the status of solid waste management is currently very poor.'' In the stretch between Amboli to Tarkarli, beach safety has been completely overlooked it said, stressing for the need for trained lifeguards.``The objective is to understand the significance of the said sites from a tourist perspective and to map the availability of basic and tourism related-infrastructure,'' said a report prepared by the tourism ministry. ``Typical infrastructure being demanded includes facilities at entry-exit points, accommodation, way-side amenities, physical and social infrastructure, public utilities as well as health and security,'' it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15396432", "title": "Need to recognise contribution of Sikhs: Barack Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: In the wake of the shooting incident in a Wisconsin gurudwara, US President Barack Obama has stressed on the need to recognise the significant contributions of the Sikhs to the American community.\"The (US) President feels very strongly that in the wake of this shooting, that we need to recognise the significant contributions of the Sikh community to the broader American community,\" White House press secretary Jay Carney said on Tuesday.Six people, including four Indian nationals, were killed when a gunman opened fire inside a Gurudwara in Wisconsin.The suspect was shot dead by security forces in counter fire.\"I cannot comment on an ongoing investigation or on the motives behind the attack in Wisconsin. I did note yesterday that since 9/11 there have been occasions where Sikhs have been targeted for violence because they have been misidentified as Muslims,\" he said.\"That is a terrible thing on two levels because obviously neither Muslims nor Sikhs should be targeted for this kind of terrible violence. And again, I'm speaking in a broader sense here, not with regard to what happened in Wisconsin, because I cannot make judgments about motive there while it's under investigation,\" Carney said.\"The President -- as he said in his statement, and the first lady, their hearts go out to the victims, to their families, to the broader community. The FBI is part of this investigation, and more broadly, the administration is certainly assisting in whatever way it can,\" Carney added.Responding to a question on gun control laws, Carney said Obama believes that the country is facing a problem of violence which needs to be addressed.\"The president believes we have a violence challenge in this country, a violence problem that we need to address and come at from a variety of fronts because it is not a problem that is just related to gun laws,\" he said.\"The President believes that when it comes to firearms that we need to take common-sense measures that respect and uphold the Second Amendment rights of the American people,\" the top Obama aide added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396539", "title": "India's elusive nuclear triad will be operational soon: Navy chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's nuclear triad - the ability to fire nukes from land, air and sea - will soon be in place. After some delays and hiccups, the country's first nuclear submarine INS Arihant is getting ready \"to go to sea\" within the next few months.\"INS Arihant is steadily progressing towards becoming operational...we are pretty close to putting it to sea (for extensive trials and missile firings),\" announced Navy chief Admiral Nirmal Verma on Tuesday.\"Navy is poised to complete the triad, and our maritime and nuclear doctrines will then be aligned to ensure our nuclear insurance comes from the sea. Given our unequivocal 'no first-use commitment', a retaliatory strike capability that is credible and invulnerable is an imperative,\" he added.The Navy chief's emphatic statement comes a week after DRDO officially declared the country's first-ever SLBM (submarine-launched ballistic missile) or the K-15 missile, with a strike range of 750-km, was \"ready for induction\".India has for some time possessed the Agni series of ballistic missiles as well as fighter-bombers to constitute the land and air-based legs of the triad. The long-elusive underwater leg, considered the most effective for both pre-emptive as well as retaliatory strikes, now finally seems to be taking shape with INS Arihant and its two follow-on SSBNs (nuclear-powered submarines armed with ballistic nuclear-tipped missiles).The 6,000-tonne submarine, which has four missile silos on its hump to carry either 12 K-15s or four of the under-development 3,500-km range K-4 missiles, will head for sea only after its 83 MW pressurized light-water reactor goes \"critical\". So far, it has been undergoing systematic checks of all its sub-systems as well as \"harbour-acceptance trials\" on shore-based steam at Vizag.With 46 warships and submarines being constructed, and another 49 in the pipeline under overall plans worth Rs 2.73 lakh crore, Admiral Verma said, \"Today, I am confident we do not suffer asymmetries with anyone. We have the wherewithal to defend our maritime interests.\"Brushing aside questions on the new US strategy to \"rebalance\" forces towards the Asia-Pacific as well as China's growing maritime might and assertiveness, the Navy chief said India's \"primary\" area of strategic interest lay between the Gulf and Malacca Strait, extending \"down south to the Cape of Good Hope\".While India is not going to \"actively deploy\" in the contentious South China Sea, where China is enmeshed in territorial disputes with Vietnam , the Philippines and others, he said \"all the players\" there should ensure hostilities do not erupt in the region and hit global shipping and trade.Turning to maritime terrorism, Admiral Verma said both the Navy and Coast Guard were now much better prepared and equipped to tackle 26/11-like attacks from outfits like Lashkar-e-Taiba. \"Even before Abu Jundal (key 26/11 handler) said it, we had factored in such possibilities,\" he said.\"Terrorism from the sea and terrorism at sea are now realities of our times. In our external environment, one of our core concerns is the coalescing of the 'state' with 'non-state' entities,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15398489", "title": "Awadhesh likely to be Council chairman", "text": "PATNA: A senior BJP member of the state legislative council, Awadhesh Narain Singh, on Tuesday filed his nomination papers as an official NDA candidate for the post of the chairman of the Upper House. He submitted his papers to the Council's secretary, P K Jha.Singh is likely to be elected unopposed. The formal announcement is likely to be made on Wednesday.CM Nitish Kumar , deputy CM Sushil K Modi, NDA convenor Nand Kishore Yadav , leader of the Opposition in the Council, Ghulam Gaus, and several cabinet ministers were present on the occasion.The Council chairman's office has been lying vacant since May 6 after Tarakant Jha completed his term. Deputy chairman Salim Parvez has been acting as the Council chairman since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15398888", "title": "Mumbai opens its heart &amp; purse for acid attack victim", "text": "MUMBAI: The before-and-after pictures put out by advertisers of cosmetic treatment show the proverbial plain Jane turn into a thing of beauty. The before-and-after photographs of an acid attack victim are in reverse order, a pointer to the horrific violence that women in the Indian sub-continent are made to undergo.Last week an impromptu network of caring Mumbaikars came forward to fund reconstructive surgery for a young victim of acid attack in Jharkhand.One night in April 2003, 18-year-old collegian Sonali Mukherjee was subjected to an acid attack by village hoodlums that left her blind, partially deaf and permanently disfigured . Despite having undergone 22 operations in the past nine years, Sonali requires an additional Rs 22.5 lakh for reconstructive surgery.With numerous pleas for help having gone unheard, the young lady recently petitioned the central government to allow her to die by euthanasia. Following an outcry on TV, Anu Ranjan, president of the Indian Television Academy and founder of the voluntary organization BETI, was alerted to her plight. Within a matter of 72 hours, Anu gathered Rs 12.5 lakh from Gitanjali Jewels, actor Juhi Chawla and producer Ramesh Taurani apart from her husband actorfilm-maker Shashi Ranjan .Last Thursday, Anu handed over the funds to Sonali's doctor Sanjeev Bagai at the B L Kapoor Hospital in New Delhi and will monitor her treatment to the end. \"Sonali will be admitted to hospital on August 14 and after a few days of pre-operative care, her first surgical procedure will start on August 19,\" she said.The victim, now 27, is forced to live in a shanty in New Delhi even as she makes frequent visits to hospital . She vividly recalls the night of April 22, 2003, when the family was sleeping on the open terrace of the house.\"Around 2.30am I woke to a sharp burning sensation that engulfed my face and my limbs. The miscreants who had been harassing me for weeks jumped over from the neighbour's roof and doused me with acid. I suffered 70% burns while my sister who lay nearby suffered 20% burns,\" Sonali told TOI over the telephone. \"My life has come to a standstill while the three men who attacked me are out on bail despite having received a prison term. In fact they continued to threaten my family, forcing us to move to another village 50km away,\" she said.The estimated cost of Sonali's treatment is about Rs 30 lakh, of which Rs 7.5 lakh includes the hospitalization charges which the doctors have agreed to waive. The remaining Rs 22.5 lakh will take care of surgeries spread over a period of one year as well as rehabilitation . Sonali requires to be lodged in a single-occupancy room to lessen chances of infection. Mehul Choksi of the Gitanjali Group who pitched in with a sizeable amount of Rs 10 lakh said he was taken aback by the magnitude of Sonali's injuries.\"We were at a meeting to discuss how to take BETI forward when Anu informed us about Sonali's plight. I was horrified to see that even in this modern age, women continue to be subjected to such violence. I felt this was a fit case to contribute to,\" he said.Ramesh Taurani made light of his donation, instead giving credit to Anu for taking the initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "15398234", "title": "Arms seized from rebel camp in state", "text": "KENDRAPADA: A huge cache of arms and ammunition was recovered from a Maoist camp in the Aradabala forests on the Jajpur-Keonjhar border early Tuesday morning. Among the seized items were 100 aluminium detonators, seven boosters, 146 rounds of live bullets, seven pistols, three rifles and some Maoist literature, said Kishore Chandra Mund, police officer of Kalinganagar police station. \"Maoists fled on the arrival of CRPF and SOG personnel, who destroyed the camp,\" the police officer said. The raid was conducted following a tip off by arrested Maoist cadre Rabi Murmu of Balipur village.Jajpur and Keonjhar districts are considered Maoist stronghold as these areas are covered with dense forests and are a safe haven for Maoists since long. The presence of Maoists was felt in Jajpur district in 2006 after police gunned down 14 tribals in Kalinganagar while they were protesting against a private company to acquire their land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15397963", "title": "Upset over wife's suicide, man jumps in front of train", "text": "MADURAI: An autorickshaw driver jumped to death in front of a speeding train moments after his wife committed suicide by hanging in Madurai, on Tuesday.Police said the 26-year-old woman allegedly committed suicide due to harassment at the hands her husband. However, the shocked husband identified as Kanakaraj (29) of Venkatachalapuram in Puthu Vilangudi too committed suicide. Police said that Kanakaraj, an auto driver had married Radhika (26) two years ago and the couple had a seven-month-old child. Kanakaraj allegedly came home drunk everyday and used to pick up a quarrel with his wife. On Monday night too, he returned home in an inebriated state and a heated argument ensued till midnight.When Kanakaraj woke up in the wee hours of Tuesday, Radhika, who was sleeping in the same room was found hanging from the ceiling. Though Kanakaraj attempted to bring her down, she was already dead by then. Kanakaraj apparently left his house immediately.Later in the morning, Kanakaraj's parents woke up to find their daughter-in-law dead. As they did not find Kanakaraj in the house, they launched a search for him. Meanwhile, his body was found along the tracks near the railway station in Vilangudi. His parents rushed to the spot and identified the body. Both the bodies were recovered by the police and sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15396857", "title": "7-year-old raped in Ghaziabad slum", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A seven-year-old girl was raped in a slum cluster in Sahibabad in the early hours on Tuesday. Police conducted a medical examination to confirm rape. A case has been registered at the Sahibabad police station but no arrests have been made so far as the accused is absconding.A senior police officer said that the victim was sleeping inside her shanty while her parents, both construction labourers, were sleeping outside. Around 3.30pm, the girl started screaming and said that she had been raped.\"The accused must have escaped when the girl started screaming. The girl is in mild shock. Once she recovers, we will get more details on the identity of the accused,\" said a police officer. \"We are also trying to ascertain if more than one person was involved,\" the cop added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15398908", "title": "Five collegians suspended for ragging", "text": "MUMBAI: Five final-year students of L S Raheja College of Art in Bandra have been suspended by the college authorities for ragging a group of juniors outside the campus last week.The five\u2014all doing diploma in applied arts\u2014faced action after an inquiry by the college found them guilty of ragging and harassing 11 juniors on a local train. The college has submitted a report to the Bandra Government Railway Police and the students will remain suspended till the police complete their probe.The incident took place on July 26 when 11 third-year students , five of them girls, boarded the 7.22pm Churchgatebound train from Bandra. The five seniors got into the same bogie and accosted them. We were roughed up and humiliated, says victim.Cracking the whip on ragging, L S Raheja College of Art has suspended five final-year students for harassing a group of juniors on a local train on July 26. The five seniors who were in the same compartment as the victims first accosted them. \"They demanded money from the girls, and when they refused, they roughed up the boys. They also humiliated the girls in front of the other commuters . This group had an altercation with a few boys from our batch in the college canteen some days ago. This time we decided to take the matter to the police and put an end to the torture,\" one of victims of the ragging said.On July 27, the group of 11 complained to the college authorities and later, along with their batchmates, lodged a complaint with the Bandra GRP. On July 30, GRP officials got in touch with the college management and also spoke to the students involved in the incident. The police had asked the college management to conduct an inquiry and submit a report along with a complaint , if they found anyone guilty.\"We immediately set up a committee and started an inquiry . All the students involved were questioned and we found five guilty of ragging and harassing juniors. We suspended the students and also submitted a report to the Bandra GRP on Monday,\" college principal Sridhar Badhekar said.\"The principal of Raheja College submitted a report to us and also mentioned the names of the five students suspended . We will be seeking permission from a magistrate court to investigate the case. Under section 155 of the Criminal Procedure Code, a case which is non-cognizable in nature cannot be probed by the police without the orders of the magistrate,\" senior inspector V Dhopavkar of Bandra GRP said.Around three years ago, the University Grants Commission had sent out circulars to all schools and colleges across the country about the 'no-tolerance' stand on ragging . Guidelines on what amounts to ragging and helpline numbers were also shared with colleges. The stringent measures initiated by the educational institutions had brought down ragging on campuses.The state, too, has laid down guidelines against ragging . As per section 6 (1) of the Maharashtra Prohibition of Ragging Act, 1999, \"Whenever any student, parent or teacher of an educational institution complains of ragging to the head of the institution in writing , the head shall enquire into it within a week. If found true, the student accused of the offence should be suspended and the complaint should immediately be forwarded to the concerned police station.\" If the head of the educational institution fails or neglects to take action, he will be deemed to have abetted the offence of ragging and shall, on conviction , be punished under provisions of the Act, according to section 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396317", "title": "Jagan meets many visitors", "text": "HYDERABAD: On Tuesday, jailed Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy had more visitors than usual. Jagan's mother Vijayamma, wife Bharati and brother-in-law Anil Kumar paid a visit and spent some time with him at Chanchalguda central prison, where he is currently lodged. Former minister Pilli Subhash Chandra Bose also met him.Outside the jail, a large number of supporters were desperate to get into the jail and meet Jagan and even got their names written on visitors' slips. Several of them returned disappointed but those who were able to meet the YSR CP leader came out smiling. \"I broke down on meeting him but he said, we need to be courageous. We are certain that he would get bail soon,\" said Amruta Sagar, a leader of the party in Rangareddy district.Lakshmi Parvathi, who could not meet Jagan on an earlier occasion, met him on Tuesday. \"They hatched a conspiracy to put him in jail,\" she said, adding that Jagan was not demoralised in prison. Asked if she planned to take a formal membership of the YSR CP party, she said, \"We are hoping Jagan will come out of jail soon and I will discuss it with him then.\" Former MLA of Alampur in Mahbubnagar, R Ravindranath Reddy, who met Jagan said that the YSR CP leader was keen on undertaking his Odarpu yatra in Telangana soon after his release from jail.Meanwhile, civil supplies minister D Sridhar Babu visited former minister Mopidevi Venkataramana in Chanchalguda jail on Tuesday.Sridhar Babu is the fourth minister to have paid a visit to the jail to meet Mopidevi since his arrest by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI.). \"I met Mopidevi and spoke to him. However, it was a personal visit. Nothing should be read into it,\" Sridhar Babu told the media. He spent more than half an hour with Mopidevi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397421", "title": "Residency light &amp; sound show to follow PPP model", "text": "LUCKNOW: The tourism department will soon invite bids for selection of an agency or operator for upgrading, modernisation, operation and maintenance of the light and sound show at Residency. The request for proposal document for the purpose was approved at a high level government meeting chaired by Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta and attended by senior officials of departments of tourism, finance, law, etc.Gupta said that the light and sound show at Residency was very popular with the public and hence, it has been decided to restart it. He added that the show would provide a window to rich historical heritage of Lucknow along with popularising other monuments in the vicinity.Hitherto suspended light and sound show at historical Residency building in Lucknow will be restarted under PPP mode. It may be noted that light and sound show at Residency was very popular but had been suspended few years ago. The project has been recently taken over by UP State Tourism Development Corporation (UPSTDC).The existing infrastructure requires repairing and upgrading. The bidder who asks for minimum cost from UPSTDC for repairing and upgrading the same along with other criteria specified will be selected. Selected agency will be allowed to run the show for a period of five years. It is planned that operator will share the 5% cent of revenue with UPSTDC after one year of starting the show. The revenue sharing percentage will be incremented by 5% cent annually thereafter.The Residency at Lucknow is actually a group of buildings that were built in 1800 AD by the then Nawab of Oudh, Nawab Saadat Ali Khan. It was constructed in order to serve as the residence of British Resident General, who was representative in the court of Nawab. It was also the centre of the siege during 1857 revolt. One of the historical landmarks of Lucknow, it has been declared a protected monument by the Archeological Survey of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15398098", "title": "Frenchman robbed by Maharashtra man", "text": "CALANGUTE: A French national staying in a guest house at Calangute was robbed of his belongings allegedly by a Maharashtrian native he befriended Sunday night, said the Calangute police.Camilo Sohilaki and his companion befriended Thorat, who they met at a nightclub in Calangute and who was also staying in the same guesthouse as them. After returning to their room at about 2am, the French nationals went to sleep.Upon waking up, they found that their Sony camera worth 10,000, Apple iPhone 4G worth 30,000, watch worth 2,000, a wallet containing cash of 30,000 and an ATM card, were missing. When they informed the guesthouse owner, they discovered that Thorat was absconding. Suspecting his involvement in the theft, they lodged a complaint with the Calangute police station. A case has been registered under Section 380 of the IPC. Efforts are on to trace Thorat, whose address proof the guesthouse authorities claim not to have.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15395536", "title": "Despite drought, Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation forecasts Rs 14,500 crore turnover", "text": "VADODARA: Notwithstanding the prevailing drought situation, Gujarat's famed Amul brand is expecting to touch Rs 14,500 crore turnover by end of this financial year against the Rs 11,668 crore that it had achieved in the last fiscal.Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets country's biggest food brand - Amul - has witnessed a 22 per cent growth as it has clocked Rs 4,422 crore sales in the last four months compared to Rs 3,600 crore that it had achieved during the same period last year.Even as migration of cattle has started mainly from Saurashtra region of Gujarat, GCMMF officials suggest that the prevailing drought in parts of Gujarat has not hit milk production. In fact, farmers of Gujarat are expected to sell more milk this year as their crops are likely to hit due to poor rains.\"Our experience is that traditionally farmers sell more milk, which becomes their only source of income when their agriculture crops are hit due to insufficient rains,\" GCMMF's managing director R S Sodhi told TOI, adding that there is an average 16 per cent growth in daily milk procurement in Gujarat from where 92 lakh litres per day (LLPD) milk is being presently procured.Amul churns another 14 LLPD from the network it has set up outside Gujarat.In terms of volume, Amul's products like shrikhand, cream and tetra pack milk have witnessed a growth of over 55 per cent. The co-operative's products like buttermilk, ice-cream, paneer, chocolate, ghee and liquid milk has witnessed a volume growth of 45, 25, 24, 22, 20 and 11 per cent, respectively. \"The value growth is much higher than this,\" said Sodhi.The apex marketing body of all the district dairy unions of Gujarat maintains that 22 per cent growth is a realistic target despite rising fodder prices.\"Livestock feed prices have shot up by around 35 per cent and even green fodder prices have doubled. This has increased the cost of milk production for the farmers. But farmers in Gujarat are getting 15 per cent more procurement prices (between Rs 450 and Rs 500 per kilo fat) in the current financial year compared to last year,\" he said.Amul is expecting that the current drought situation may impact the milk procurement pattern in Gujarat. \"Migration has started from Saurashtra region, mainly from Surendranagar. We believe that there might be more migration from Saurashtra and Kutch region to south Gujarat region. This will have its own impact as milk procurement from Saurashtra region will decrease while it will increase in south Gujarat region,\" said Sodhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15397081", "title": "Flower show ticket fee revised again", "text": "BANGALORE: A visit to Lalbagh for the upcoming flower show is not going to burn a hole in your pockets. After receiving a number of complaints from the public, the horticulture department revised the entry fee again on Tuesday. The fee for the show this year was fixed at Rs 40.\"We increased the entry fee after the loss we incurred over the Republic Day flower show this year. But too many complaints started pouring in. Many said the entry fee should not be increased when the state is facing drought. So we brought the ticket fee back to Rs 30,\" said HS Shiv Kumar, joint director, horticulture department.The revised entry fee is Rs 30 on weekdays and Rs 40 on Saturday, Sunday and Independence Day. The horticulture department also increased parking space as there is a big rush every season. The flower show begins on August 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15401722", "title": "DoT nod not needed for Uninor asset auction: Telenor", "text": "KOLKATA: Norway's Telenor has spurned estranged partner Unitech's claim that Department of Telecom's approval is mandatory before auctioning the assets of its Indian arm Unitech Wireless, a top company executive said Tuesday.\"Auctioning Unitech Wireless' assets does not require DoT approval, although actual transfer of assets to a new company, post-auctions, would require the telecom department's consent,\" said Telenor's Asia head Sigve Brekke, who is also managing director of the Scandinavian telecom company's Indian unit, which retails GSM services under the Uninor brand.On the eve of a crucial Company Law Board (CLB) hearing on a planned auction of Unitech Wireless's assets, Brekke said that \"Telenor had submitted an expression of interest (EoI) jointly with an undisclosed Indian affiliate\" to acquire the assets of its Indian arm, although he declined to confirm whether other companies had also done as much.\"Telenor, jointly with an Indian affiliate, has expressed an interest to acquire the assets of its Indian unit, but I cannot comment on whether other companies have also submitted EoIs since we are in the middle of the process,\" said Brekke, adding that he expected the auctioning of the JV's assets to be concluded by the month-end.The quasi-judicial body is slated to take a final call on the auction of assets of Telenor's Indian arm on August 8.On Monday, Delhi High Court had ruled that Unitech Wireless could seek interests from potential bidders for a planned auction of its assets after real estate firm Unitech - a minority stakeholder in Telenor's Indian arm - had challenged the move and obtained a CLB stay order last week to stall the exercise.Last week, the Scandinavian GSM operator had said it was willing to buy out its Indian joint venture firm for Rs 4,190 crore if there were no other bidders. Its Indian arm, Unitech Wireless, had invited EoIs to auction its countrywide assets at a minimum price of 4,000 crore based on a valuation by consultancies, Deloitte and KPMG.Would Telenor participate in the upcoming airwaves auction at a base price of 14,000 crore? Brekke conceded that the reserve price was \"indeed very stiff\" but a final decision would be taken after the company had complete visibility on the auction rules in the Information Memorandum due out August 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397505", "title": "Hotels shop for CCTV cameras, metal detectors", "text": "PUNE: Restaurants in the city are placing orders for CCTV cameras to be installed on their premises and outside, following a recent police notification to all hotels and restaurants directing them to spruce up security measures after the serial blasts on Jangli Maharaj road on August 1.Restaurants that already have CCTVs are adding one or more cameras at thea entrance of their buildings and main doors. Sources said some hotels and lodges, depending on space and budget, are planning to purchase metal detectors and install X-ray machines.Arun Raina, owner of a restaurant on Ahmednagar Road, said he would add three more CCTV cameras to the existing seven in his restaurant. \"The three additional cameras will capture the facade and the road,\" he said.Pune Restaurants and Hoteliers' Association vice-president Rrooprraaj Shetty said, \"We are planning to install CCTV cameras in our restaurant. Many others had already put up CCTV cameras but the remaining are doing so now.\"Vikram Shetty, managing director of Sadanand Regency, said, \"The Pune police, via a letter to all hotels and lodges, directed the authorities to install CCTV cameras on the premises and outside their hotels and to store all recordings for a period of 30 days at least. A majority of the hotels have had these cameras installed, while the rest will do so now, after the notification.\"They have been asked to cover parking areas, entrance of the restaurant gate as well as the premises. \"Some hotels and lodges that do not have metal detectors may buy them depending on their budget and space,\" he added.Jayant Shetty, owner of Gandharva Restaurant, off JM road, said, \"We have a fixed CCTV camera over the restaurant's entrance, while eight rotating cameras are in the restaurant, including the kitchen. We would add a metal detector and I have already asked for quotations.\"Ramesh Shetty of an eatery in Viman Nagar said that there are four CCTV cameras in the restaurant, but another four will be added. \"One camera will capture a 180-degree view of the parking, while the rest will be inside the restaurant,\" he said.The manager of a mall near Garware bridge said they had bought three metal detectors to provide additional security in the mall after the blast. \"We have had a word with vendors for additional CCTV cameras to be installed in and outside the mall. We have 32 CCTV cameras and an addition of 12 more is being planned. The staff is also being checked before they enter the mall,\" he said.Jayakannan P, CEO of Sayaji Hotels , said, \"We have all security measures in place, including CCTV cameras, metal detectors and under car scanning of vehicles. However, after the blast, the security check in the hotel has been made stricter, with a special briefing to the staff. The security agency has been asked to take extra rounds of the premises.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396294", "title": "24hr flight service from Visakhapatnam likely", "text": "HYDERABAD: The deadlock over the extension of flying hours at Visakhapatnam airport could hopefully be resolved with the secretary of defence ministry responding positively to the requests made by chairman of the parliamentary standing committee on environment and forests, science and technology T Subbarami Reddy and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao. Sources said the secretary of defence ministry would hold a meeting with senior officials of the Navy in Delhi on August 9 to discuss the contentious issue of allowing the Vizag airport to operate 24 hours. It must be noted here that the promised Silk Air flights to Singapore from the port city would take off only if the flying hours were extended at least by another four hours. As of now the airport, which is under the control of Navy, functions from 8 am to 8 pm.Various travellers' associations and local MP and junior Union minister Daggubati Purandeswari have been urging the Navy to extend the flying hours to 11 pm but their pleas have fallen the deaf ears of the Naval top brass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397299", "title": "Court grants conditional bail to actor-MP", "text": "CHENNAI: Actor and DMK MP Sivakumar alias J K Ritheesh was granted conditional anticipatory bail by the Madras high court on Tuesday in a land-grab case.Justice G M Akbar Ali, granting him the relief, said that in view of the fact that the parliamentary session will commence on August 8, Ritheesh should report to the crime branch in Kancheepuram district daily at 10.30am for 15 days after the end of the monsoon session.Cautioning the MP and the other accused in the case against directly or indirectly attempting to offer inducement, threat or promise to anyone connected to the case, Justice Akbar Ali said he should appear before the Sriperumpudur district munsif-cum-judicial magistrate and execute a personal bond with two sureties for 1 lakh each within a week.According to police, Ritheesh had forged documents for a piece of land and sold it. Though the alleged transaction occurred in 2008, the complaint was lodged in November 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15400604", "title": "Item songs don\u2019t work anymore: Dr Arko Pravo Mukherjee", "text": "Back in Kolkata as a celebrity. What's the difference? What celebrity? I am just what I used to be. But only celebs host press meets, laymen don't... Press conferences have the media and the scapegoats, that is celebs. (Laughs) Jokes apart, this is an emotional moment for me. I am returning to Kolkata after four months and I have been showered with love and affection by everyone in this city. Is it true that you are doing the music of an Indo-British venture? That's correct. I am collaborating with one of the best musicians I know \u2014 Rahul Guha Roy. It is an Indo-British thriller on drug trafficking. Earlier, there were these singer-star combinations. But today, one film has five singers for one actor... There should be singer-character combinations. Not singer-star combinations. That's why, despite me wanting to sing \"Maula\", we had Ali Azmat sing it as he is Randeep's voice in the film. In future, do you want to sing in all your projects? I have kept a clause in all my future contracts that states that I want to sing for all my projects or at least decide who will sing those songs. Nobody can force me into deciding otherwise. These days, we have multiple composers, with one pitted against another. Makes you more confident? Twenty years back, Hollywood started collaborating. This is a worldwide trend and it actually helps in getting rid of insecurities. But I don't understand the system of giving marks to a song. You can't score feelings. It is not a maths exam! You are also into writing scripts... Yes. I have penned the script of a film titled \"Malaria\". It's a quirky Hinglish romantic comedy. It is a commercial movie with nine songs. The screenplay, music and lyrics are all by me. It will be directed by an associate of David Dhawan. Recently, lyricist Mayur Puri said lyricists are hookers since they are always composing hooklines.. I feel just the opposite. I don't think item numbers are working these days. They are just visual titillations. The last item number that worked was \"Munni badnaam\". Folk is a bigger hit now. That's why all item numbers these days are lifted from folk. You are composing an item song for \"Tamanchhe\"... It's not an item song. It is the title song. I think Mika will record it. The whole song is my composition. We've just got the copyright for one line \u2014 \" Pyar mein dil pe maar de goli \" by Kishore Kumar and Asha Bhosle \u2014 that will be used in the song. What next apart from your Bengali album? I will be scoring for \" Jism 3 \" as well. There are lots of offers and I can only honour a few of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15397171", "title": "How can SGPC probe US gurdwara firing: NRI Sikhs", "text": "JALANDHAR: NRI Sikhs and even some leaders of SGPC and Shiromani Akali Dal have been left wondering that SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar has announced to form a three-member committee to \"probe\" the firing incident in gurdwara in US which claimed life of six Sikhs.\"How can SGPC investigate something that happened in US, when they don't have any recognition here. Does the leadership think that they can question FBI or US police about it? Are they fooling the Sikhs or themselves with such gimmicks which are nothing but ridiculous,\" said Sandeep Singh Chahal, a US resident, who also runs a media outlet there for the community.\"We as US citizens have better authority than SGPC to questions the officials here. The police and government agencies are already working overtime to get to the bottom of the issue, apart from reacting immediately. SGPC can't even ensure justice for Sikhs in Punjab then why should it rush to US to pretend anything like that,\" he said.\"We were astonished after reading the news that SGPC president Avtar Singh Makkar has announced that a three-member panel would be visiting US to probe the incident. The SGPC enquiries even in Punjab are either not completed or remain under question marks for their fairness. It will be enough if they manage their affairs in Punjab. Even their enquiry in Waraich Gurdwara case has put Akal Takht jathedar in dock and how can they claim to hold enquiry in US,\" said Gurnal Singh Sandhar, a Dellas based Sikh community leader.Meanwhile, interaction with some SGPC leaders revealed that they were also feeling embarrassed with the announcement. \"None was consulted over the issue and we learnt about an enquiry panel and even English speaking capabilities of one or two members are under doubt,\" revealed a senior SGPC office bearer.California-based Dalwinder Singh Dhoot also questioned the announcement, while holding that this was more a subject of ridicule than to be taken seriously.Meanwhile, a woman hailing from Nawashahr district is among the victims of firing in US gurdwara. Paramjit Kaur (40) had joined her husband eight years back in US and just two months ago visited her parental and in laws family in Urapur village here.\"She had last spoken to our father at our Ludhiana home, just two hours before the incident. She told him that she was going to gurdwara with another woman from the neighbourhood and would be back soon,\" said Amarjit Singh, her brother who lives in Ludhiana and runs a money exchange office in Rahon.He said, initially there was some confusion about her identity as initially it was reported that it was Paramjit Toor, but then after identification by her husband and son it was confirmed that it was she - Paramjit Kaur Longia as surname Toor had figured wrongly.On Tuesday, Nawashahr DC and SSP both visited her in laws home in Urapur and consoled her father-in-law Bikram Singh and other members of the family on behalf of Punjab chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal.Meanwhile, the family urged the officials that government should help them to fly to US for attend her last rites in US on Friday, after which DC Tanu Kashyap would take up the matter with the Punjab CM who would further get in touch with the Union government on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15396019", "title": "Workshop on value-based education ends at SHIATS", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The two-day workshop on \"Value based higher education for promoting gender equality &amp; women empowerment\" organised by the Allahabad School of Education of Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology &amp; Sciences ( SHIATS) concluded on Tuesday.On the second day the programme began with the opening prayer by Kirti Cutting and devotional song was presented by choir of the department. Prof Marion Mathew CJ welcomed the guest speaker Director, Centre of Women Studies, Prof Sumita Parmar, of the department of English, of Allahabad Univeristy.The guest speaker spoke on how the Indian women struggled through decades to achieve gender equality and even today 50% fail to get enroll themselves in schools and remaining from fifty percent, twelve percent are dropouts. So today it is the need to empower the female child to have better future tomorrow.The first session was concluded by vote of thanks given by Vivek Stephen and closing prayer by Dr Nathaniel Stephen.In the second session the workshop was conducted by the head of the department of Education Prof Marion Mathew CJ. She spoke about the upliftment of women and its significance. She also discussed about the parameters of empowerment process and concluded that empowering women is only through education so we have to buildup a right system of education that uphold principles such as equity, ethics and empowerment of women. Dr Nathaniel Stephen, Dr Prem Prabha Singh, Dr Ajay Kumar Singh, Dr SS Masih, Dr SH Qasim, Dr Avis Chintamani, Kamini Singhal, Rajeev Singh were present at the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15395800", "title": "ABVP declares candidates for Maharaja Sayajirao University Students Union polls", "text": "VADODARA: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) on Tuesday declared its candidates for the post of general secretary (GS) and vice-president (VP) for the forthcoming M S University Students Union (MSUSU) polls scheduled on August 22.ABVP has roped in former faculty general secretary (FGS) of Faculty of Technology and Engineering (FTE) Jayesh Balai for the post of MSUSU GS and second year student of department of economics of faculty of arts Sai Vichare for the post of MSUSU VP.\"Balai is a third year student of Bachelors of Engineering in mechanical stream at FTE, while Vichare is a topper in economics,\" ABVP's joint secretary for Gujarat state Smit Thakur said.The two candidates started their campaigning at the campus after offering prayers at the temple near the faculty of arts building.The National Students Union of India (NSUI) on its part is expected to declare its candidates for the two top posts on Wednesday. NSUI was earlier expected to declare its GS and VP candidates on Tuesday morning. Since Monday, the student outfit was a facing hiccup with names of several candidates cropping up at the last moment.Now, sources suggest that the student outfit has arrived at a final decision regarding its candidates, but is waiting for its state office-bearers to make the declaration. Elections for the two top posts of MSUSU - GS and VP - are usually a direct contest between ABVP and NSUI, but the number of candidates in the fray will be clear on August 14, which is the last date of issuing of the nomination forms this year. The last date for withdrawal of nomination form is August 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15398667", "title": "Laser system that can show what\u2019s hidden behind walls", "text": "WASHINGTON: Now, you can see what's behind walls using a laser system which recreates 3-D images of the hidden objects, according to a research led by an Indian-origin scientist. Researchers from the MIT, Harvard University , the University of Wisconsin , and Rice University have studied the erratic behaviour of photons zooming around and bouncing off objects and walls inside a room and combined these photons with advanced optics to enable them to \"see\" what's hidden around the corner.\"Imagine photons as particles bouncing right off the walls and down a corridor and around a corner \u2014 the ones that hit an object are reflected back. When this happens, we can use the data about the time they take to move around and bounce back to get information about geometry,\" an MIT graduate student and author Otkrist Gupta said. This technique could prove invaluable in disaster recovery situations , as well as in noninvasive biomedical imaging applications, study said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15398142", "title": "Excess water from Anjunem dam to be released", "text": "KERI: Executive engineer of the water resource department (WRD) M P Hudedagaddi on Tuesday said that the excess water of the Anjunem dam would be released during low tide.He said, \"The water level in the dam is 88.88m and the dam will be up to its full reservoir level of 93.2m within a few days.\" WRD officials have also said that the excess water will be routed through River Costi and River Valvont. There is a possibility of increase in water level downstream in the two rivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15398524", "title": "Bihar bats for Nitish Kumar as PM", "text": "PATNA: Ever since chief minister Nitish Kumar fired the salvo of a 'secular' prime ministerial candidate and his meeting with BJP president Nitin Gadkari to pre-empt the possibility of Gujarat CM Narendra Modi being projected as a PM candidate, battle lines seem to have been drawn and leaders likely to play key role in the next Lok Sabha elections have started taking their positions.L K Advani's blog about a non-Congress, non-NDA Prime Minister coming to power after 2014 polls stoked the fire on Tuesday with Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray criticizing the BJP leader while JD(U) leaders differed in their opinion on the issue. Thackeray's comment, that Advani's prediction might be based on the two contenders - Nitish and Narendra Modi - for the PM's post within the NDA, threw up the issue for debate.TOI on Tuesday reached out to a cross-section of society for reaction on Thackeray admitting Nitish as potential PM candidate and majority of them preferred Nitish to Modi mainly because of the former's secular credentials, wider acceptability among the NDA allies, clean image and his pan-India appeal among youth.\"The 2014 election is getting polarized. There is a serious debate going on in the rank and file of the NDA allies over the possible prime ministerial candidate who has incremental vote. A section in the NDA believes that if Nitish is projected as prime ministerial candidate, he shall not only have a pan-India acceptance but his stature will also bring other socialist, secular and nationalist parties under one umbrella. The 2014 battle will be fought in the Hindi heartland. In this backdrop, Nitish will emerge an automatic choice,\" noted economist Saibal Gupta said.Maulana Anisur Rahman Quasmi, secretary of the Imarat Shariah, said, \"Nobody in this country is ready to accept that Modi is a secular person. Nitish has secular credentials. If the NDA projects Nitish as its next prime ministerial candidate, he would be able to garner support from all secular forces. Among the non-Congress leaders, Nitish would be the best prime minister.\"Leading tax consultant and cost accountant Amarnath Singh said, \"Nitish has emerged as the strongest prime ministerial candidate. He would be the most capable and dynamic PM. He has vision and ability to lead a country of different religions, faiths and languages. Unlike Modi, Nitish has experience of running ministries at the Centre. Whichever ministry he headed, Nitish hardly disturbed the basic fabric of bureaucracy.\"Prof K P Sinha, Principal, Sahjanand Brahmarshi College, Ara, said, \"Bihar has taken a big leap in terms of development, safety and security under Nitish leadership. The world has recognized his ability to govern. In 2008, when I was travelling in Gujarat, some co-passengers in train told me about crisis of workers mainly because Biharis had stopped going to Gujarat after tremendous development in Nitish raj. I think Nitish would prove a better PM.\"KPS Kesri of Bihar Industries Association said, \"Being a businessperson, I don't want to comment on political issues. What I can only say is that a progressive person capable of providing a stable government at the Centre should be our next PM.\"Nimmy Namrata, a final year student of Bachelor of Architecture, said, \"When Lalu Prasad was the chief minister of Bihar, Nitish used to be called his 'Chanakya'. Let this modern Chanakya from Nalanda be the next PM. As he has brought an overall growth in Bihar, he would surely change the economic scenario of the country.\"Rani Babita Choudhary, a homemaker and resident of Anandpuri, said, \"Modi has no experience of heading ministry at the Centre whereas Nitish has been minister of different departments, including railways, for several years. Besides, unlike Modi, Nitish has acceptance among people of all religions.\"Prof Nilu Singh, chief coordinator, department of Indology, Nalanda Open University, said, \"Nitish must be given a chance to become PM. He would definitely bring the nation on the fast track of development as he has done in Bihar. If Modi is doing well in Gujarat it is because he got a developed territory to lead. But Bihar has been a 'Bimaru' state for several years. Nitish has made the turnaround no one had even thought of.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396491", "title": "BJP scoffs at 'laundry list' of 2G witnesses, JPC meet off", "text": "NEW DELHI: The meeting of the Joint Parliamentary Committee on telecom on Tuesday was put off with BJP raising objections to a lengthy list of witnesses which included an official in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee PMO who had passed away in 2001.BJP members on the committee are understood to have suggested that the list be pruned to essential witnesses that the JPC needs to examine while insisting on the inclusion of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , finance minister P Chidambaram and senior PMO officials.The list with 70-odd names was discussed by senior BJP leaders who felt that it not only read like a laundry list but was also full of redundant names.BJP sources said they were astonished to find the name of Ashok Priyadarshi, a joint secretary in the Vajpayee PMO, who died in 2001. They said it was surprising to see the shoddy manner in which the committee had been provided inputs. \"Previously, they named leaders who are very unwell (Vajpayee and George Fernandes ) and now officials who are long deceased have been included,\" they said.JPC chairperson P C Chacko told the media that the meeting had been deferred as senior BJP leader Jaswant Singh was a candidate for the vice-presidential poll held on Tuesday. He said it would not be proper for the committee to meet when Singh was contesting.Chacko is believed to be concerned by the BJP threat to walk out of the JPC if the PM and finance minister are not examined. There is a view in the Congress that the BJP demand be accepted and in turn senior figures in the NDA regime like leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj and former telecom minister Jagmohan be called.However, the aggressive point of view in Congress quarters is yet to find favour with Chacko while there are others who feel the committee must soon dispense with examining witnesses and get down to drafting a report. Chacko is not in favour of the term of the committee being extended beyond December.The JPC chairman may not find it feasible to consider the BJP's demand as, given the political divide in the committee, the opposition is sure to try and score maximum debating points by taking up the voluminous correspondence between DMK leader A Raja, the finance ministry and PMO in 2007-08.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15397189", "title": "Meet the young editors of tomorrow's India", "text": "KOLKATA: It's time for youngsters to make news and headlines and chart out a course they would love to see India tread on. This Independence Day, get ready for a special edition of The Times of India that will exude youthful exuberance and hope, and outline a dream for the future.The Independence Day edition will be edited by a Junior Editorial Board - comprising students aged between 14 and 18 years who have been chosen from among hundreds in the city. What's better, it will have articles conceived and written by the chosen youngsters.The edition is part of The Times of India's Kolkata for Kids initiative that was launched in June to address various issues that affect and concern the young. It has generated tremendous interest among the youngsters and given them a chance to prove their mettle as opinion-makers. About 200 students went through a two-stage qualifying process to make it to the 10-member editorial board. First, they had to take part in an essay competition held at Shri Shikshayatan School.The quality of the write-ups was very impressive, strengthening TOI's belief in the GenNext potential. It was tough selecting those who would make it to the next stage but we picked 30 of the best of the best for a group discussion at the TOI office on SN Banerjee Road. It turned out to be a lively session in which students debated if cricket was killing other sports in the country. The youngsters again impressed with their oratory, flow of thought and command over facts and figures. Eventually, we chose the brightest 10 to make up the Junior Editorial Board.The chosen ones are Aditya P Bhattacharya (St Xavier's Collegiate School), Agnibeena Chatterjee (Loreto Convent, Entally), Ashmita Das (La Martiniere for Girls), Ayush Kashyap (Birla High School), Kumarjeet Ray (Delhi Public School, Ruby Park), Mainak Gupta (Kendriya Vidyalaya Ballygunge), Manisha Ganguly (Modern High School), Priyanka Garodia (Ashoke Hall), Rounak Sengupta (Bhartiya Vidya Bhavan, Salt Lake ) and Siddharta Sengupta (Delhi Public School, Megacity).It is an unmatched opportunity for these youngsters to join the exciting and happening world of news and witness the exhilarating process of newspaper production from close quarters. And readers will get a unique perspective - of seeing the world through fresh, young eyes. It will give us an idea of what youngsters view and consider news. Get ready for an interesting glimpse of the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396247", "title": "Centre forces state to dilute hawking rules", "text": "MUMBAI: The state will have to water down its hawking regulatory legislation following objections from the Centre. In particular, a provision for six months' imprisonment for illegal hawking and hawking in a no-hawking zone needs to be done away with. Such offences will invite only a monetary fine.Following objections raised by the Centre, it has been decided not to treat 'hawking in a no-hawking area' as a cognizable offence. The Centre has also directed the state to introduce certain provisions that work out to hawkers' advantage.On the basis of a court directive, the state government had formulated legislation to regulate hawking, which was approved by both houses of the legislature in 2010.It was drafted on the basis of recommendations by an expert panel comprising state officials, hawkers' union representatives and eminent citizens.The legislation drew a clear distinction between legal and illegal trade. Besides defining hawking and no-hawking zones, concepts like stationery and mobile hawking were introduced. Registration was made mandatory. The legislation adopted welfare measures for legal hawking, but was tough on illegal trade: hawking in a no-hawking area was to be treated as a cognizable offence, inviting a fine of Rs 5,000 besides imprisonment.After the legislature's approval, the legislation was sent for presidential assent. But the Centre referred it back to the state with objections. Now, the state will introduce amendments through an ordinance.\"The Union home ministry's judicial cell argued against making 'hawking in a no-hawking area' a cognizable offence. Claiming that this was not a 'major offence', it said hawkers were not well-educated and financially sound,\" an official said. \"The Union ministry of housing and urban poverty alleviation (HUPA) argued that the Centre's model bill on hawking advocated fines of Rs 200-500 for the offence,\" the official said.HUPA has also insisted on the introduction of a 'deemed registration' clause while accepting the provision of making registration of hawkers mandatory. \"If an application for registration is not disposed of in a stipulated time period, the hawker will be deemed to be registered,\" the official said. HUPA has also directed the state to let an applicant correct deficiencies in application.The cabinet is expected to discuss this and also another proposal for setting up centres for skill training for and employment of socio-economically weak urban populations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15395501", "title": "Cops seek time to demolish structure in Subhash Park", "text": "NEW DELHI: Citing the ongoing Ramzan, proposed fast by Baba Ramdev and preparations for Independence Day, Delhi Police on Tuesday urged Delhi high court to modify its order for demolition of the unauthorized structure at Subhash Park area.In an application filed for modification of HC's earlier order for demolition of the illegal structure, police said its personnel will be hard-pressed to maintain law and order entire August due to the three events and are in no position to provide security to North Delhi Municipal Corporation to raze the structure as per HC orders.Police further claimed in its plea that if the HC doesn't allow its prayer it might \"result in disturbance of peace\". At the same time cops have also urged the court to direct MLA Shoaib Iqbal to remove the unauthorized construction/nuisance at the site in Subhash Park.The application filed by ACP Devesh Chandra Srivastava says that after receiving a letter from North Delhi Municipal Corporation seeking police protection to carry out HC orders, the police has concluded \"action of demolition of unauthorized construction might disturb communal harmony, time being holy month of Ramzan, same should be postponed.\"In its application, police add \"the Holy month of Ramzan is in progress, Independence Day celebrations are approaching for which the security arrangements are to be made. Baba Ramdev's team has also booked the Ram Lila Ground from July 25 to August 30 for his Anshan which will start on August 9.Delhi Police is bound to manage all the above throughout August. Each the aforementioned events would need massive deployment of police force for maintaining peace, law and order. As such special efforts would have to be made to ensure peace and tranquillity in the area.\"The police say they are seeking postponing of demolition since senior officers held discussions with some \"respectable and knowledgeable persons\" in the area who suggested deferring demolition.Appearing before the division bench of acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw, counsel for the police urged HC to hear the matter on Thursday but the bench posted the plea for August 17 for hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15398076", "title": "Hit-and-run : In Oz, $105k reward for fugitive Indian", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australian police on Monday announced a reward of $105,920 on an Indian man who fled from the country after being accused of negligent driving that killed a pedestrian, the first time a reward has been offered for a traffic offence.Puneet was a 19-year-old learner-driver when he lost control of his vehicle and hit students \u2014 Dean Hofstee and Clancy Cloker \u2014 who were walking along City Road in Southbank in October, 2008.Hofstee, 19, was killed instantly while Cloker suffered critical injuries. Both were students visiting Melbourne from Queensland. The 100,000 Australian dollars is now being offered for information that leads to Puneet's arrest and return to Australia.Assistant commissioner Robert Hill said it is the first time a reward has been offered in relation to a traffic offence. \"We believe that there are people both in Australia and India who can provide information in relation to Puneet's whereabouts,\" he said.\"It is also our belief that he is still in India at this time and we are working closely with our Australian Federal Police counterparts on this matter. According to ABC, Australia will not seek Puneet's extradition until he is arrested or brought before an Indian court,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15398024", "title": "For US, Page wasn\u2019t a \u2018risk\u2019 despite racist links", "text": "WASHINGTON: The gunman involved in Sunday's terror strike on a Sikh temple in the US was being watched by federal investigators on previous occasions, but was not deemed to be a 'risk' to society.As more details emerged, the FBI on Tuesday intensified its probe to ascertain Wade Michael Page's links to white supremacists and the possibility that he was providing funding to a domestic terrorist group.Both the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Centre had tracked Page for several years. The non-profit organizations collect publicly available information on hate groups from web forums, pamphlets and other sources.The mayor of Oak Creek said that he was unaware of any signs that Page had been 'casing the temple in advance of the shooting' .Page's neighbours said he rarely left his one-bedroom house where he lived alone, and never made eye contact. The FBI said they were looking into Page's ties to white supremacist groups but insisted there were no prior warning signals that could have led investigators to believe he was plotting something so vicious.Special agent Teresa Carlson , head of the FBI's Milwaukee office, said the gunman was the subject of a \"domestic terrorism\" probe.The FBI also ruled out the involvement of a second person in the Sunday shooting, hours after releasing the picture of a \"person of interest\" .Officials cleared the man after interviewing him and affirmed that the slaying was the handiwork of a lone gunman.\"The unidentified subject has been located, interviewed and does not appear to be connected with the shooting incident at Oak Creek,\" a FBI spokesman said.It emerged from pieces of information that Page attended hate events and was a believer in the white supremacist movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15397677", "title": "Jeans threat leaves college girls shaky", "text": "RANCHI: Fear gripped young women in the city on Tuesday after three posters by a newly-formed group, Jharkhand Mukti Sangh, threatened them with serious consequences if they were seen sporting jeans and T-shirts or not wearing a dupatta. The posters said they would start policing after August 20.Since jeans have become the most common apparel for young women now, they were quite shaky after the warning. \"I don't understand what's wrong if we wear jeans. Everyone wears jeans these days. I will now think twice before I slip into a pair,\" said Namrata, a student of Women's College.Another girl, Pragya of St Xavier's College, was not too sure about the seriousness of the threat. \"We will continue to wear what we have been wearing but we will definitely be careful. I have faith in the police and know that the culprits will be caught.\"Meenakshi, a student of Nirmala College, said, \"People who have put up the posters are criminals and it is better we do not talk about them. I hardly wear jeans but now after this threat, I will avoid wearing them.\"Parents have also been caught unawares. Ajay Sharma, a father of an 18-year-old girl, said, \"I never stopped my daughter from wearing anything but after the posters I will advise her against wearing jeans. Her safety is more important than indulging her.\"The posters have rattled college authorities, too. The principal of Women's College, Manju Sinha, said, \"Wearing indecent clothes is not appreciable but I don't think there is a problem if girls wear jeans. It is a matter of concern if the miscreants are trying to create fear.The police must take strict action.\" The chairperson of the State Women's Commission, Hemlata S Mohan, was shocked, \"I do not understand why girls are always targeted. We live in a progressive society but girls are always made to feel vulnerable.\"She added that if the police does not take immediate action, the commission will take suo motto cognizance.People like Arvind, a college goer, supported the diktat. \"Girls nowadays expose too much. I am in favour of the order but they should not harm girls by throwing acid on them.\"The posters also invited students to join the group. A student leader, S Ali, said, \"They are following an undemocratic path and so we will not join them. But I do agree that girls should not wear clothes that expose too much. Parents should themselves stop them.Religious groups should come forward and counsel them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15398643", "title": "NDFB (Ranjan) calls off unilateral truce", "text": "GUWAHATI: Giving a new twist to the ongoing ethnic unrest in Bodo heartland, the Ranjan Daimary faction of National Democratic Front of Boroland (NDFB) announce its withdrawal from the one-year-old unilateral ceasefire on Tuesday evening.A statement signed by Myanmar-based IK Songbijit, the chief of the outfit's armed wing, said the decision to withdraw the unilateral declaration for cessation from all types of violence has been taken after \"considering all aspects of present reality.\"The Ranjan Daimary faction is the breakaway group of parent NDFB, which renamed itself as NDFB (Progressive), after signing the bilateral truce with the Centre in 2005. The Ranjan Daimary faction declared unilateral truce in August, 2011, after its top leadership, including chairman Ranjan Daimary, was arrested. This faction is also involved in the 2008 serial blasts in the state where 90 people were killed. The CBI has named Ranjan Daimary and many other leaders of the faction as accused in the serial blasts.The faction has its presence in Myanmar , sharing camps with the anti-talks faction of Ulfa and NSCN (Khaplang).Security sources, however, cited the withdrawal of ceasefire as a gimmick to put pressure on the Centre to release Ranjan Daimary from Guwahati jail, where he is currently lodged.\"Sonbijit, a Karbi youth, is heading the armed wing of the outfit from Myanmar,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15397023", "title": "Burst of the emu bubble", "text": "COIMBATORE: With Susi Emu Farms managing director M S Guru going underground on Tuesday following complaints of cheating over 12,000 investors across the state, all firms promoting contract farming of the Australian bird have come under police radar.Perunthurai, a little-known town in Erode district is the hub of emu farming with some 28 companies including Susi distributing emu chicks to those interested in rearing the bird. Those who invested in the business were promised returns of more than Rs 1,000 per month for each bird in exchange for rearing them on a contract basis. The birds were then bought back by the firm that provided the chicks. With weaving and farming sectors crisis-ridden, many invested in the emu rearing business.Many victims were lured by what appeared to be the success of Susi Farms to invest in the business. Ironically, Guru was conferred the Arch of Excellence (Business) Award (2008) and Gem of India Award-2011 by All India Achievers Conference.As per police estimates, there are over 250 promoters of contract farming of this bird across the state and they all attracted investors promising higher returns. District collectors of Salem, Erode, Coimbatore, Tirupur and Namakkal even issued press statements on several occasions warning public against investing in such firms that offer unrealistic returns.\"They took me for a ride saying it was a very simple business. They promised to supply chicks and the fodder. The shed was built on my premises claiming it was free though I had to pay a huge amount in the form of interest free security deposit,\" recalls P Subrahmani from Omallaur who invested Rs 15 lakh with Susi Farms. Besides investing in the business, he even prompted 25 others to invest. \"In the last two months they paid nothing. As per the agreement, they had to pay me Rs 7,000 per month on a unit of six birds as maintenance charge. I had ten units and they had no clear explanation for not making the payment,\" he said.Erode district collector V K Shanmugham said that a detailed probe has been ordered into the activities of all such firms. Some of them were even able to attract investors at the national level. \"There were many VIP investors who just made the security deposit and entrusted the rearing to the company itself,\" he said. According to Shanmugam, most cheated investors were farmers and they converted their agricultural land into emu farms.\"For an initial investment of Rs 2 lakh, 20 chicks are given to the farmer. He is promised a total return of Rs 6.5 lakh in five years. All an investor is supposed to do is return the 20 birds to the company and then take on a new set of birds to nurture,\" says Perundurai DSP K Gunasekaran.A physically challenged man, R Arumugam from Negamam too was cheated by Susi Emu Farms when he took on four units to rear, paying Rs six lakh. \"When they claimed it was risk-free and involved no hard work, I felt this business was tailor-made for me due to my handicap,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "15398638", "title": "Left in a spot after Revolutionary Socialist Party MLA's caste papers found fake", "text": "AGARTALA: The cancellation of SC certificate of Revolutionary Socialist Party (RSP) sitting MLA, Partha Das, has caused a major embarrassment for the Left Front government in Tripura ahead of the assembly polls.State-level Schedule Caste Scrutiny Committee (SLSC) cancelled the certificate after four years of investigation on July 31 last and the decision was conveyed to Tripura assembly. \"The investigation revealed that Parth Das's SC certificate was 'fake',\" said the SLSC letter.During investigation it was established that Partha's father Paresh Das had got job in the postal department under general category and Partha had taken admission in Pallimangal School in eastern Agartala under the same.Manik Sarkar-led government had earlier dismissed Partha's elder brother Chandan Das, a government Homeopathic doctor for producing fake SC certificate. Election Commission of India had instructed Tripura assembly secretary and Returning Officer of 31 Shalgara constituency to take action against Partha for contesting the last assembly election with false affidavit.Meanwhile, leader of the opposition Ratan Lal Nath demanded action under Section 125 A of Representative of Peoples'(RP) Act and for violation of Article 193 of the Constitution.\"According to the RP Act, Das is supposed to pay an amount for the number of days he served as MLA in terms of Rs 500 per day from the day he took oath and should be awarded jail custody. He should be separately penalized for violating Article 193 of India Constitution and may have to serve jail term for that too. While, the state government's law has the provision of five years jail term and penalty for those who procure false caste certificate,\" Nath stated.He blamed the ruling Left Front for providing administrative protection to Partha Das for four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396128", "title": "New plan for women safety", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is formulating a slew of steps to tackle the growing cases of crime against women. Efforts are afoot to create better coordination between the home and women and child welfare departments.This was discussed at a meeting deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar had with activists in the city.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar discussed the issues with activists linked with women issues at a meeting in the city . Pawar stressed the need for a greater coordination between the two department to ensure prompt action against the offenders and relief to the victims.Several activists suggested that government should bear the expenditure of cases of plastic surgery following acid attack on women. The government should accordingly issue instruction to private hospitals in this matter, the activists pointed out. However, Pawar ruled out the private hospitals option. But, he said the scheme could be implemented in state run hospitals and he would actively consider the suggestion he added.Home minister R R Patil who too was present in the meeting rejected a suggestion that a rape victim should be offered government jobs as a rehabilitation measure. Patil pointed out that such a scheme would likely be misused. However, Patil said a rehabilitation scheme can be worked out in consultation with women group and state administration under various government schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15398631", "title": "90% of land area faces heat wave", "text": "WASHINGTON: Most of Earth's land areas might experience an extreme summer heat wave than they did in the middle of 20th century , Nasa scientists have warned.Earth's northern hemisphere, which comprises of 90% of the planet's land has become much more likely to experience an extreme summer heat wave compared to a base period from 1951 to 1980, the scientists said.Over the past 30 years the northern hemisphere has seen more \"hot\" (orange), \"very hot\" (red) and \"extremely hot\" (brown) summers. The study shows how the area experiencing \"extremely hot\" summers grows from nearly nonexistent during the base period to cover 12% of land in the northern hemisphere by 2011.The statistics show that the recent bouts of extremely warm summers, including the intense heat wave afflicting the United States Midwest this year, could be due to global warming , lead author James Hansen of Nasa's Goddard Institute for Space Studies (GISS) has claimed.\"This summer people are seeing extreme heat and agricultural impacts,\"Hansen said. \"We're asserting that this is causally connected to global warming, and in this paper we present the scientific evidence for that.\" Researchers analyzed mean summer temperatures since 1951 and showed that the odds have increased in recent decades for what they define as \"hot\" , \"very hot\" and \"extremely hot\" summers.The researchers detailed how \"extremely hot\" summers are becoming far more routine. Since 2006, about 10% of land area across the Northern Hemisphere has experienced these temperatures each summer. Global maps of temperature abnormalities show that heat waves in Texas, Oklahoma and Mexico in 2011, and in the Middle East, Western Asia and Eastern Europe in 2010 fall into the new \"extremely hot\" category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15398432", "title": "Indian Mujahideen chief Yasin Bhatkal did not visit Goa, says Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco created a flutter in the Goa legislative assembly on Tuesday, claiming that Indian Mujahideen (IM) chief Yasin Bhatkal had visited Goa several times to recruit young boys, but that Goa police had let him go despite having intelligence reports of his presence in Goa.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar refuted Pacheco's statement, saying the reports are false and have arisen from a case of mistaken identity.Parrikar said he would investigate Pacheco's claim that about 12 boys from Vasco are missing because they were recruited and sent to undisclosed locations for terrorist activity.The chief minister said that although he has the official reports from Goa police, he has also verified the claims through his own personal network and found the reports to be false.Pacheco raised the issue during zero hour. He said Bhatkal, a terrorist mastermind , had first visited a Baina mosque in July 2009. He met with mosque officials and recruited about 12 to 15 boys, who were sent to undisclosed locations for terrorist activity.Pacheco claimed that junior CID officials reported this to crime branch superintendent of police (SP) Mangaldas Desai and DySP Chandrakant Salgaokar but they slept over the reports.Pacheco also asked whether Bhatkal was involved in the drug trade in Goa and the possible link of Roy, Ravi Naik's son, with Bhatkal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396595", "title": "Report had indicted six cops", "text": "MUMBAI: Before the CID arrived at a conclusion on the involvement of senior police inspector Madhukar Gatade and investigating officer Subash Kenjale in fabricating evidence against Provogue managing director Salil Chaturvedi, a departmental inquiry had indicted all six officers of the raiding team, including police constable Ashok Bhosle.Deputy superintendent of police Mahesh Gundewari had recommended strong action against the six for fabricating evidence, falsely giving testimony in court and later retracting it, and then again giving misleading statements. Gundewari, in a 35-page report, said though it was established that the police party had framed Chaturvedi to get him capital punishment, the source of drugs was not established due to the policemen's contradictory statements.The six indicted are Kenjale, constables Bhosle, Pangale, Hake, Yadav and Aafde.The report recommended to the director-general of police that strong departmental action be initiated against them.But there is no mention of Bhosle in the chargesheet submitted last Friday. The CID, while filing it, arrested Kenjale and Gatade and charged them under Indian Penal Code sections of fabricating evidence and documents. Kenjale and Gatade have been remanded to judicial custody till August 13.According to sources, in 2010, when the CID started probing the alleged drug frame-up case, Bhosle had told state CID officers that he planted drugs at Chaturvedi's residence at the behest of Kenjale and Gatade. Bhosle said the drama of searching Chaturvedi's house to plant drugs was planned in advanced. He also stated that more than 12 and not six persons had gone to Chaturvedi's house.\"When the IPS officer, who is under the scanner in the case, learned that Bhosle has given such a statement, he immediately exerted pressure on Bhosle to retract it. Had the CID booked Bhosle then, he would have spilled the beans,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15400776", "title": "Govt ready for debate in accordance with rules, Manmohan Singh says", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the month-long monsoon session of Parliament got underway, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday said the government is prepared to discuss any issue in accordance with rules and hoped the opposition would cooperate in tackling legislative business before the two Houses.\"Our government is prepared to discuss any issue in accordance with the rules and procedure,\" he told reporters while entering Parliament on the first day of the monsoon session.Asked about the adjournment motion BJP plans to move in Parliament on ethnic violence in Assam, Singh said, \"We welcome Parliament as a forum for dialogue\".He said a decision on his statement on Assam violence would be based on what happens in Parliament.Singh said he hoped all political parties would cooperate with the government in smooth functioning of Parliament during the monsoon session.\"I sincerely hope that all political parties will cooperate with the government in ensuring that this session moves forward smoothly to tackle the many legislative questions which are now before the two Houses,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15400922", "title": "Uninor to cut 2,000 jobs in 4 circles", "text": "KOLKATA: Telecom service provider Uninor is scaling down operations in four circles and laying off 2,000 workforce from those four circles \u2014 Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Orissa. But the company has adopted a unique human resource model where it is inviting its competitors to come and hire from its retrenched staff.\"Around 2,000 people are affected due to this scaling down of operations, of which 400 are direct employees . There are total 17,500 employees in Uninor. We have appointed an outsourcing agency to help them (retrenched employees ) find employment outside . We have been in touch with the HR departments of our competitors and all have expressed interest,\" Sigve Brekke, managing director , Uninor said here on Tuesday. They are trying to absorb some of the employees in other circles.A help desk will also be set up within Uninor to facilitate the process, he said. Although the company is yet to analyse the number of employees that it is going to reinstate. \"Mapping in this regard is on,\" a company official said.Uninor, is a joint venture between Norwegian telecom major Telenor and Indian realty biggie Unitech . The Telenor Group holds 67.25% in Uninor. It is present in 21 circles across the country, out which it was strong in 13 circles.At present, Telenor and Unitech are engaged in a legal battle and plans to part ways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15397921", "title": "Popularising breast-feeding in rural areas of Kashi Vidhyap", "text": "VARANASI: Centre for Population, Education, Research and Extension (CPERE), department of community medicines, Institute of Medical Sciences, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), organised programmes in rural areas of Kashi Vidhyapeeth block to create awareness about breast-feeding during the World Breast-feeding Week (August 1 to 7).The programmes were organised at Bachhaon, Gajadharpur and Tikari villages to spread awareness about the importance of breast-feeding, CPERE coordinator Chandrapati Mishra said. The importance of 'Kangaroo care' was highlighted by the experts.Breast-feeding is the best way of providing ideal food for healthy growth and development of infants. It is also an integral part of the reproductive process with important implications for the health of mothers.Infants should be exclusively breast-fed for the first six months of life to achieve optimal growth, development and health. Thereafter, to meet their evolving nutritional requirements, infants should receive nutritionally adequate and safe complementary foods while breast-feeding should continue for two years or beyond.World Breast-feeding Week is celebrated every year in the first week of August to encourage breast-feeding and improve the health of babies. Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan organizes conference at BHUKendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan, regional office, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) organized the 'First Regional Principal's Conference' at Swatantrata Bhawan, BHU on Wednesday.Around 34 Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV) principals from Uttar Pradesh and four principals from Bihar participated in the conference. The overall development of the students was the main concern during the conference. According to deputy commissioner, KV Sangathan, Varanasi region, PV Sai Ranga Rao, \"the performance of KV schools is rated top among all schools since last seven years.\" The three-day conference will continue till Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15400076", "title": "Ranbir and I share a precious friendship: Deepika", "text": "Suddenly after the success of Cocktail Deepika Padukone is the flavour of the season. Offers from Prakash Jha, Rohit Shetty and apparently Sanjay Leela Bhansali , among others.Deepika is excited about working with Sanjay Leela Bhansali, provided it happens. \"It would he dream come true to work with him.If he's looking at me for Ram Leela then I'm most certainly looking back at him. The way his heroines' roles are written is incredible.\"Deepika's turn as the endearing vixen Veronica has put her in a different league. \"I'd say yes , people's reactions have been surprising. I got compliments from my own fraternity.My contemporaries surprised me by saying they cried and identified with Veronica. Someone called it a selfless performance. I liked that.I don't want all these compliments to go to my head. It's never been my intention to go into a different league. I have nothing to prove to anyone except myself.I've to admit people are surprised that I could pull it off. Imtiaz Ali(who wrote Cocktail ),director Homi Adjania and producer Dinoo Vijayan had the confidence I could it pull off Veronica.I was offered both the female protagonists' parts, Veronica and Meera. It was Imtiaz who convinced me to take up the unconventional Veronica. We've been friends since Love Aaj Kal . He told me Meera was something similar to what I had done in Love Aaj Kal . Meera is someone I can identify with . But Imtiaz said Veronica would be a bigger challenge.I was ready to take on the risk.So I took on Veronica. Once I accepted I surrendered completely. I am glad it worked.When we were shooting it in London we never expected it would turn out so big.\"And to think Deepika didn't think much of the title. \"Cocktail was meant to be the tentative title. We did many brainstorming sessions to come up with another title. Finally nothing else worked.\"Tell her she and Saif have become like Hema Malini and Dharmendra and Deepika laughs, \"Saif says apart from Bebo(Kareena) he hasn't done so many films with any other leading lady. We didn't make a conscious effort to work together.If people like our chemistry, good.\"Deepika found the process of playing Veronica liberating. \"She isn't a bad character. She is only human.I love the fact that Veronica is who she is and not the least apologetic about it.I'd like to possess the same level of of honesty.Veronica is a lot like my director Homi Adjania. They both wear their heart on their sleeves and don't mince words and are very comfortable about who they are.Homi is the inspiration for my character.\"The latest we hear is that she's back together with Ranbir Kapoor and they've rekindled their friendship during the shooting of their latest film.When asked about the song Deepika is tightlipped. \"I'm not telling you anything about Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani . It's too early to talk about that film.We still have a long way to go .It's a campus story. My character here is completely different from Veronica in Cocktail.It's a love story , a romcom. But I don't like the term rom-com. It gives a frivolous flavour to a film.\"The internet is flooded with reports of Depika getting back together with Ranbir.She completely refutes the reunion rumours. \"We are not seeing each other again. Ranbir and I share a precious friendship.Our focus is to get the film completed.Right now I'm enjoying the success of Cocktail and I don't want to think about anything that takes away from my work. I work really hard. For a couple of years when I was with Ranbir there was too much focus on my personal life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "15397619", "title": "Acquisition soon for bypass work", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The land acquisition for Changanassery western bypass road will be expedited, Minister for public works V K Ibrahim Kunhu said on Tuesday. The government has earmarked Rs 57 crore for the purpose, he added.The 8 km bypass, \"crucial for the region's development,\" would connect Laikkad near Changanassery town with Kannamperoor, and it would pass through Perumbuzha Kadavu, Vettithuruth Church and over the Paral canal.The minister said Rs 8 lakh has been allotted for conducting a feasibility study of raising the Kidangara bridge, so that boats could pass under it. He was speaking after inaugurating the Cheeramchira-Kollamattom-Vaidyarupedy road.The PWD minister also inaugurated the construction of Changanassery-Pandakassalakkadavu Bridge Road and a footpath at Payippad Junction.PWD minister V K Ibrahim Kunju said the land acquisition for the Changanassery western bypass road will be speeded up and government will be spending Rs 57 crore for this project. He was in Changanassery to inaugurate Cheeramchira-Kollamattom-Vaidyarupedy Road on Tuesday.He said the eight kilometre bypass is crucial for the development of the region. Government is aiming to complete the construction of the bypass at the earliest. The bypass begins from Laikkad near Changanassery town and passes through Perumbuzha Kadavu, Vettithuruth Church and crosses Paral Canal and ends in Kannamperoor.He said Rs 8 lakh has been allotted for studying the possibilities to raise the Kidangara Bridge. Boating is nearly impossible between Changanassery and Alappuzha as boats have little space to pass under the bridge.The minister also inaugurated the construction of Changanassery-Pandakassalakkadavu Bridge Road and the footpath at Payippad Junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15395933", "title": "Youth from Vadodara robbed, murdered in Uganda", "text": "VADODARA: A youth from the city was murdered at Kampala in Uganda on Sunday night. He was reportedly killed with a sharp-edged weapon by robbers.Family members of the victim Bhavesh Prajapati, 28, said that he used to work at a factory processing rubber at Kampala. His body was found near a footwear factory in the town.According to the family, Bhavesh was alone at his residence at the time of the incident. They said that he had stab wounds on his neck and head. An autopsy was conducted on his body on Monday and the family was informed regarding the incident by the senior officials of the factory where Bhavesh worked. Bhavesh was a production manager at the factory.Bhavesh had come to the city last year and was planning to come again in January. Family members said that they had planned to find him a suitable match then and get him married.Bhavesh's father Subhash Prajapati had died in 1997. He is survived by his mother Meena Prajapati, two brothers and two sisters.Family members said that his body would be brought to the city on Thursday night and a funeral would be conducted on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15397016", "title": "Locals traumatize teen mom's family", "text": "BANGALORE: The family of Baby (name changed), who became a mother at 13 after she was raped by her neighbour, approached police seeking protection from locals.In a complaint filed with Srirampuram police station, a copy of which is with TOI, the complainant has accused locals of inflicting \"mental trauma, repeated threat against family members' lives, ostracizing the family from the community, discriminating against the girl at school and demanding that she be married to the rapist\".Baby was in the news when she approached the High Court after her school issued a transfer certificate following the incident. The high court had directed the government school to take her back. However, she continued to face discrimination from other students.Baby was allegedly raped during her mid-term vacation when she was changing her clothes. The family did not know she was pregnant until she developed intense stomach pain and was taken to hospital, where doctors informed that she was in labour. She delivered a healthy baby boy. Baby has three siblings.\"We are facing an uphill task with the people pressuring us and interfering in our everyday activities. Labourers are not allowed to work in our shop. By lodging frivolous complaints with the corporation, they are preventing us from repairing the leaking roof of our house. We are facing continuous threats by people and fake organizations,\" the report said.Police confirmed that they have given protection to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15396484", "title": "Maoists run parallel govt in Andhra-Orissa border areas", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In what could alarm the state police, Maoists are setting up parallel governments 'janata sarkars' in the interior pockets of Andhra-Orissa Border (AOB), buoyed by the success of a similar exercise in the Dandakaranya region of Chhattisgarh.The Gumma area committee in the neighbouring district of Malkangiri in Odisha set up a janata sarkar in the interior villages of AOB on Sunday when the rebels distributed rice to 800 tribal families. The rice was reportedly collected from contractors and businessmen. They assured the tribals that they would construct cement concrete roads to the interior villages and appoint teachers to the schools with their own funds. They also assured the tribals that medical facilities in PHCs (public health centre) would be provided by them very soon.Gumma area committee secretary Rukdhar, top leader Golla Ravi alias Madhav alias Sridhar along with five other key leaders were present at the rice distribution programme, sources said. The tribal welfare programmes would be implemented regularly, Maoist leader Rukdhar said. He said that education was a basic necessity to develop the tribal areas and stated that he would appoint doctors to provide necessary medicines to the tribals, who are susceptible to malaria and other water-borne diseases. \"All these facilities are provided by us in the forests of Dantewada, Bijapur and Sukma districts in Chhattigarh,\" he told the gathering.Sources said the Maoists are set to take their sarkar concept deep into the tribal hamlets and mandals in the interior Agency areas on both sides of AOB. Senior police officials said the Maoists' ploy to implement the pro-poor schemes was to win the hearts of the tribals. The Maoists had lost several cadres and sympathizers, besides militia members in arrests, surrenders and encounters in recent times. \"They cannot risk more damage to the party and hence are wooing the tribals by distributing rice and other essential commodities,\" a senior police official involved in anti-naxal operations told TOI.Another officer said the Maoists have been trying to regain their lost ground in the AOB area for the last three years. \"They want to run the janatan sarkars in the interior pockets to showcase that the government officials do not reach those areas. We have seized some documents which clearly outline their game plans,\" he said.Sources said the rebels were also successful in unveiling pylons and painting the old ones during the just-concluded martyrs' week celebrations.\"They did not allow the media to take pictures or video footage of the programmes to avoid arrests or identification by the police,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15396920", "title": "Seasonal diseases on the rise in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The city hospitals are getting flooded with patients suffering from seasonal diseases. The number of patients suffering from infectious diseases like cough and cold, viral fevers and the likes has increased significantly with the monsoon gathering pace.Shantanu Bhagdikar, executive director, Mohak Hospital said, \"Cough and cold, stomach infections and viral fever are common during monsoon season. Indoreans, being great foodies, can't give up on their habit of enjoying street food, and hence they eventually fall prey to gastro-intestinal infections, throat infections and others. Every year during monsoons, the hospital witnesses about 25 per cent increase in the number of the patients.\"While many people are happy with the long awaited monsoon picking pace, it has also resulted in a surge in cases of water-borne diseases like viral infections amoebiasis, diarrhoea and such.\"Usually about 20% of increase in patients' number is seen during this season. Cases of cough and cold, viral fevers, skin infections and breathing troubles are being reported. Gastro-Intestinal infections are also common,\" said D K Sharma, medical officer M Y hospital.\"Major hospitals in the city are also providing free medications for the common water-borne diseases,\" he added.Dr BB Gupta, who has been practicing medicine for thirty years, said, \"The cases of ailments like malaria, dengue, jaundice, chikungunya increase as the monsoon reaches its peak. It's every year's story. Little more awareness and basic preventive measures like boiling the drinking water, protection from the mosquitoes and avoiding the street food can make a huge difference.\"\"Cases of road accidents and injuries also increase during this time of the year. Rains make the navigation by road difficult and hence cases of two-wheeler skidding and cars crashing into trees become frequent,\" Bhagdikar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15397953", "title": "Consumer forum fines Trichy hospital for negligence", "text": "TRICHY: The district consumer forum has ordered G V N Hospital on Babu Road in Trichy to pay a compensation of Rs two lakh to a man whose wife died in the hospital on the day of admission on October 16, 2006 due what the forum held as \"negligence and deficiency in service.\"The Trichy-based consumer protection council, Tamil Nadu filed a case before the district consumer forum on behalf of S Ramesh, whose wife Pushpalatha died in the hospital due to heavy bleeding after delivering a baby boy. Secretary of the council S Pushpavanam had argued before the forum that the hospital (since demolished) had no facilities for a safe delivery. The bleeding started within one hour of delivery at 7.23pm and it was only noticed around 8.30pm, according to a cardiologist's report. The doctor was summoned and since there was no ambulance in the Babu Road hospital, the patient was taken to their Singarathope hospital in an ambassador car.As it was three days prior to Deepavali, there was heavy traffic on the roads and the patient was taken through a detour which wasted 45 minutes. To make matters worse, the cross matching of the patient's blood was done only after reaching the Singarathope hospital. The relatives of the patient were then sent to faraway Williams Road and Thillainagar to fetch blood as the hospital did not have enough supply of the required group. The patient was declared dead at 11.55pm on the same day.The forum was also told that the attending doctor Hemamanlini, did not consult a senior gynaecologist nor did she call a surgeon to do a hysterectomy to stop the bleeding. Moreover, in the case sheet, the time of the patient reaching the Singarathope hospital was not properly recorded. It was fudged and overwritten, the forum was told.However, the hospital and Dr Hemamalini denied the charges and claimed that the hospital had all the facilities and that the bleeding was more than expected. After hearing both the sides and cross-examining Dr Hemamalini and the complainant, the forum directed the hospital to pay Ramesh a sum of Rs two lakh towards compensation for the death of his wife. The hospital was also directed to pay the amount within one month from the date of receipt of this order on August 3, 2012. The complaint against Dr Hemamalini was dismissed without costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15398437", "title": "Displaying talent, dispelling stage fear", "text": "HUBLI: For students endowed with varied talents but bogged down by stage fear, PC Jabin College's weekly talent hunt programme is a boon. The once a week event is helping students let their talent flow freely and hone it to a level where it can win them accolades at various inter-college and other state and national-level contests.Every Friday evening, PC Jabin college premises is abuzz with students who, taking a pleasant break from their routine classes, participate at the talent hunt day. There will be singing, dancing, poetry writing, mimicry and various other contests and cultural events which provide a platform for students to display their talent and overcome stage fear. \"We decided to conduct weekly talent hunt programme after it occurred to us that a good number of students, though gifted with a natural talent, hesitate to take part at cultural events and competitions because of stage fear. Through the talent hunt programme, they get repeated opportunities to perform on the stage in front of their friends and college faculty and become more confident and learn to present themselves with ease,\" said talent hunt coordinator Dr P Samorekar.The event also helps event coordinators and the college faculty identify talent among students and pick them for college fests, utsava and various inter-college events, said PC Jabin Science College principal Vishwanath Hiremath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15395503", "title": "Court fees: Lawyers on hunger strike", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lawyers of six district courts in Delhi on Tuesday started an indefinite hunger strike at the Patiala House courts complex here to protest against the hike in court fees.The Co-ordination Council of All Bar Associations in Delhi started their hunger strike saying that the ten-fold hike in the court fees is \"unjustified\" as it would severely affect the litigants.Rajiv Jai, Chairman of the Council and President of New Delhi Bar Association, said lawyers are sitting on hunger strike to demand roll back of the Delhi government's decision to hike court fees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397350", "title": "Start bidding process soon: Government", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to improve the international connectivity to Taj Mahal , the government of Uttar Pradesh has started the process for developing an international airport on Agra-Mathura route. In this regard, the department of Tourism has been asked to initiate the process of inviting bids for selecting consultants for developing the international airport at Agra.The bid documents for this purpose (request for qualification and request for proposal) - were approved at a high level government meeting chaired by infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Gupta on Tuesday. He said, \"Selected consultant will be asked to carry out necessary surveys for evaluating various sites and selecting the best one. Theywill also prepare a techno-economic feasibility report, master plan, the bid documents and concession agreements for selection of developer within a stipulated timeline of 32 weeks.\"At present, the government has identified one site in Mathura district and three sites in Agra for constructing an airport. Once appointed, the consultant will recommend the most suitable site from among these. They will also obtain the necessary clearances from the Centre. The government on Tuesday also said that it will ensure that consultants have the requisite experience for providing consultation services for development of an international or domestic airport. To avoid any kind of delay and to maintain the quality of advice, an assurance will be taken from selected consultancy firm that domain experts are not changed during the pendency of consultancy. According to the current plan, the international airport at Agra is expected to be completed and ready for use in 4 to 5 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagapattinam", "code": "15397946", "title": "Nagapattinam archaeological museum to be relocated", "text": "NAGAPATTINAM: The archaeological museum, housing many rare ancient objects would be relocated to a new building, district collector T Munusamy said here on Tuesday.Speaking to reporters after inspecting the museum, he said it had rare collections of paintings, numismatic objects, bronze and stone sculptures, biological specimen, ancient musical instruments and several other artefacts.The museum is now located in an old British-era building. \"Considering the value of the articles, as a precautionary measure, the museum will be relocated to a new building,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396715", "title": "Passport row: Pune woman seeks apology", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday sought a reply from the state on a petition that has questioned the legality of a request by the Pune passport office for an NOC from an ex-husband to allow his divorced wife to use his last name on her passport.Hema Gadgil ( 67) from Pune challenged in the HC what her lawyer Asim Sarode said is an \"utterly \"arbitary and illegal\" demand from the passport authorities for which she has sought a written apology. In May, the passport authorities wrote to Gadgil seeking more documents for her passport renewal. She was surprised to see the letter that said, \"Since you are a divorcee and using the surname of your ex-husband, you are requested to submit an NOC from him.\"The petition said though Gadgil had submitted all documents, the authorities did not renew her passport and almost three months later asked for her ex-husband's nod. Gadgil who divorced by mutual consent after over 30 years of marriage said she has been using her husband's last name for 42 years.At 49, she decided to pursue a masters degree abroad and in her ten years abroad received certificates as 'Hema Gadgil'. But when she went to renew her passport, she received a \"rude and humiliating'' shock said her lawyer. \"Her human right is affected by the passport officer's irrational actions.This type of conduct naturally affects her human dignity as well as her fundamental right to equality and is an insult to womanhood.\" She has asked for a written apology from Passport authority.The issue of whether a divorced woman can retain her ex-husband's last name, had incidentally been settled by an opinion given by the additional solicitor general Darius Khambata last February to the Mumbai passport office stating that no authority could prevent a divorced woman from continuing to use, for legally valid purposes, their former married surnames.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397543", "title": "Stadium collapse death toll rises", "text": "CHENNAI: One of the migrant labourers, Bilkhan(28), injured at a construction site accident near Sriperumbadur on Monday died at the General Hospital here on Tuesday. The death has taken the toll to ten. Though a case has been filed against the contractor and the site engineer, no arrest has been made yet.Five bodies of those killed in the accident were handed over to the family members on Tuesday.The labourers died when a basketball stadium under construction at a private engineering college in Kunnam village at Sunguvarchatram near Sriperumbur came crashing down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15397407", "title": "Monsoon revival helps dam level rise to 42%", "text": "NASHIK: The revival of monsoon after a dry spell in Nashik has increased water level in the Gangapur dam, to 42% of its capacity this monsoon season. The dam is the district's main source of drinking water.Water levels in the dam has increased by 1,763 million cubic feet (mcft) to 2,344 mcft in the past three weeks, since July 15. During the same corresponding period last year, the Gangapur dam was filled around 57 per cent with a water level upto 3,202 MCFT.Meanwhile, the rainfall, which has continued over the last eight-nine days in low or high proportion, decreased on Tuesday, which registered a daily total of only 1.8 mm. The total rainfall in Nashik has reached 245.2 mm this season.Though the monsoon has revived to some extent, it could not fill up the water level of the Gangapur dam entirely, and more rain is expected in the dam's catchment areas in the coming months.By Tuesday morning, the Gangapur dam was filled up with 42 per cent water in the past three weeks, reaching the water level upto 2,344 MCFT.Since the cathcment areas are still 56% empty, by 58% As there is no adequate rainfall in the catchment areas of the Gangapur dam as it is yet empty by 58 per cent, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) administration has decided to continue with its present water cut until the city receives satisfactory rainfall.The delay in monsoon had led the administration to enforce water cut by 15 to 20% in all six divisions from June 19.Around 15% water cut is in force in Panchavati, Nashik East, Nashik West and Nashik Road division, while 20% cuts are in force in Cidco and Satpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15401107", "title": "Shankar happy with the review of 18th Cross", "text": "Director Shankar of '18th Cross' which features Deepak and Radhika Pandit in the lead, is on cloud nine these days. The film which was released on Friday without any big publicity has been getting a very good response from the audience.\"The positive response has really surprised us. We did not expect it to draw good crowds even in a centre like Bengaluru. But some how fans have appreciated and media reviews have helped us\" says Shankar.Deepak said that the response to the film has been quite good as compared to the openings of all the recent films. \"I am sure Chikkana would have been happy to see his film succeed. But even now I am sure his soul will be happy\" said Radhika Pandit. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397468", "title": "UP babus flout January deadline, 15 yet to declare their assets", "text": "LUCKNOW: Seven months after the deadline to file the immovable property returns expired in January, as many as 15 administrators from UP have shown that they have scant regard for the laws of the land. Senior UP bureaucrats, who have still not filed their immovable property returns include 1984 batch civil servant Shambhu Nath Shukla, currently serving as principal secretary housing and urban planning, and 1992 batch officer Sanjeev Kumar , UP's home secretary.Other UP babus, who have failed to declare their assets include 1980 batch officer Sushil Mohan, waitlisted officer Atul Bagai, Sudhir Mahadeo Bobde, who is on study leave in Tokyo, Sachidanand Dubey and 1994 batch IAS officer Amit Kumar Ghosh, 1996 batch officer Sunishtha Singh, Rita Singh and 2000 batch officer Deepak Agarwal. Five officers, Somlata Singh, Gyan Singh, Vimal Kishor Gupta, Ganga Prasad Mishra and Sudhir Kumar, who have not been allotted any departments as yet, have also not filed their asset details in time.Earlier, after months of dilly-dallying, the Centre cracked the whip on errant babus, who refused to submit a list of their immovable properties. Threatening that officers of All India Services such as IAS, IPS and Group A central service officers would not be given vigilance clearance and not considered for promotion at empanelment for senior-level posts at the Centre, if they do not submit property returns, the personnel department also issued a government order in this regard. \"Technically, officers had to file their annual Immovable Property Returns for 2011 by the end of January 2012. However, seven months on also, several have still not turned in the details. Vigilance clearance is mandatory for government officials for empanelment to a higher grade, but that doesn't seem to matter to be of consequence to some, either,\" a senior ministry official said.Currently, UP has a total authorised strength of 537 IAS officers. Of these, 219 fall under the category of 'senior posts under the state government'; 116 officers from this category belong to the central deputation reserve category. The threat of punitive action, though, does not worry too many officials. A senior UP government functionary, said, \"The orders and reminders are issued routinely. However, it remains to be seen whether the Centre will actually act on its words and initiate action against those who miss the deadline.\"All India Services (Conduct) Rules make it compulsory for all officers to furnish IPR details by January 31 every year. Last year, after a small modification, the Centre also decided to place annual property returns of all IAS officers and Group 'A' Central Service Officers in the public domain.Till April 2012, nearly 80 senior IAS officers, including those attached to the chief minister's office had submit their IPR details. Though the numbers have dipped over the months, UP babus have failed to clean up their act, even after the chief minister declared his movable and immovable assets, within a month of assuming the office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396485", "title": "Jaitley joins issue with LK Advani on national parties' role", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shortly after BJP veteran L K Advani suggested that neither BJP nor Congress may be able to lead a government in the 2014 polls, the party's senior leader Arun Jaitley has said that the role of national parties is not likely to decline.\"The age of tall majorities by a single party appears to be now over. That by no means is a reason to suggest that the role of national parties in providing a government or an alternative government is going to decline,\" the leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha has written in a weekly.He has said that the \"natural ability of the Congress party in the first four decades after Independence to get a big majority on its own ended with the decade of 1990s...In the three successive Lok Sabha elections of 1996, 1998 and 1999 it was BJP which became the single largest party in Parliament.\"Jaitley's assertion that \"the very idea of a Third Front, by whatever name called, is incapable of providing a stable Government to India. It is a failed idea\" seems to fly counter to Advani's assessment of the next general election.Already, Advani's comments have drawn flack from ally JD(U), whose senior leader Sharad Yadav said he did not agree with the veteran's analysis. Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has also chided Advani for his \"defeatist\" comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396140", "title": "Old private ward at AIIMS to go", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come Friday and AIIMS will stop admissions to the private ward located in its old block. The medical institute plans to demolish the five-storey building and construct a new ward \u2014 housing 112 rooms and with a parking capacity of 358 cars \u2014 at a cost of Rs 89 crore. It is expected to be completed in 15 months.\"Rooms in the old private ward will not be allotted to any patient Friday onwards. Those already admitted will either be discharged by August 20 or shifted to the other private ward which has 125 rooms,\" said a senior administrative official. He added that all doctors have been asked to not admit critical patients in the other ward as it is not equipped with a centralized oxygen facility. \"Such patients should be admitted in the general ward,\" the official said.The move, doctors say, will severely affect admissions under the paid category as no alternative arrangements have been made for patients. \"At present, the waiting period for admission to both the private wards \u2014 in which a patient is charged for specific investigations, procedures and operation \u2014 is up to three months. The decision to demolish the old block is likely to double the period as the new ward has only 125 rooms of which about 30% per cent are reserved for EHS beneficiaries. Also, VIPs, including union ministers, judges of the Supreme Court and the high court, MPs and senior government officials have to be admitted on a priority basis,\" said a senior doctor.The Standing Finance Committee meeting note, a copy of which is with TOI, states that that the initial proposal was to renovate the existing ward block at a cost of Rs 12.22 crore. The proposal was rejected on the basis of a report by the IIT Roorkee team which studied the seismic stability of the old private ward block and recommended that the building needs extensive retrofitting which could take about 12 months.\"The retrofitting expenses would be one-tenth the cost of the new building. Then why did the institute choose to go for the second option? Was it only to add the parking facility or is there a corruption angle to it? All this needs to be investigated,\" said a faculty member.He added that the construction of a multilevel parking near the forensic medicine department is already in process. The five-storey ward block houses many departments, including the hospital administration department and no alternative space has been allotted to them yet.When contacted, AIIMS director Dr R C Deka said the deputy director (administration) was the right person to contact. The latter couldn't be reached.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15401221", "title": "Asha Sarath in Karmayodha", "text": "Upcoming Malayalam film Karmayodha will have gorgeous Asha Sarath too. Asha who is a prominent TV personality and shot to fame with 'Kungumapoovu' will be sharing screen space with Mohan Lal in the movie.Asha Sarath says, \" I am really excited to be a part of this movie.\" Another film 'Friday' in which she has acted will release in Onam season. Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397945", "title": "Six-year-old girl dies after falling in roadside ditch", "text": "NAGPUR: An uncovered ditch on the roadside claimed life of a six-year-old girl at Bandenawaz Nagar on Tuesday. The deceased, identified as Ramsa Khan, may have slipped into the ditch full of storm water, while on way to purchase chocolate. This is said to be second death in the same ditch in last couple of years.Body of Ramsa, second among four siblings, was recovered after around seven hours from the ditch. Ramsa's family members, kin and neighbours were already searching for the girl as she remained untraceable since the morning after leaving home for the grocery shop which is at a stone's throw from her residence.The death brought a pall of gloom in the locality gearing up for Eid which is about a fortnight away. Ramsa's father Yasin, who works in Mumbai, had also returned to city to celebrate Eid. How she fell into the water filled ditch is still not known. \"We feel her feet may have slipped while walking past the ditch,\" said a neighbour.Another neighbour said local residents first spotted Ramsa's body after noticing part of her dress in the water. A motionless Ramsa was rushed to a private hospital and then to Mayo hospital where she was declared dead. Yashodhara Nagar police reached the spot after the incident. Former corporator Abdul Hamid Ansari blamed lack of development in the locality for the loss of little girl's life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15398589", "title": "Seats in Patna University colleges vacant even after 3rd cutoff list", "text": "PATNA: Even as first-year classes of degree courses commenced in most of the colleges under Patna University on Tuesday, all seats in undergraduate courses have still not been filled up even after third cutoff list has been released.Randhir Kumar, admission in charge, Patna College, said, \"Till now, 488 students have been admitted in different degree courses and a total of 112 seats are empty. The admission date has been extended till August 13. Students are more interested in vocational courses as regular courses have lower prospects of early job.\"\"Moreover, compared to last year, when one-third of the total seats were occupied by girls, the number of girls admitted this year will hardly reach 50-60 in Patna College,\" said Kumar.When asked if it was due to entrance tests for the courses, introduced for the first time by PU, Kumar said, \"Students from rural areas had high marks but have not been able to clear entrance tests and vice versa is the case with urban students. But the written tests have improved the quality of students.\"\"So many seats are vacant across colleges. The university will have to face financial losses this session,\" adds Kumar.Md Faiyaz Ahsan, assistant professor, department of chemistry, B N College, said, \"Students have not come forward to take admission despite lowering the cutoff marks. In the science stream alone, there are 42 vacancies in the maths section and more than 100 in biology section.\" He added, \"Candidates have just not turned up despite the release of second and third lists.\"Pushplata, professor in the department of political science and in charge of admission to the Arts stream in Magadh Mahila College, said, \"Till now, 415 students have been admitted but admission on sports, fine arts and other quotas still remains to be done.\"A few seats are vacant in Patna Science College as well. The college principal, A K Sinha, says, \"About 20-25 seats are vacant even after the third cutoff list and admission on various quotas is still being done.\" He added, \"The entrance test system is fine because with cutoff marks even students with lower percentage can get admission,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "garwah", "code": "15397700", "title": "Diarrhoea claims 11 lives in Garhwa district", "text": "GARWAH: Diarrhoea has reportedly claimed 11 lives while as many as 25 others have taken ill by the disease which has spread to several parts of the district in the last one week.According to sources, five blocks of the district are under the grip of diarrhoea. The affected blocks are Bhawnathpur, Dhurki, Sagma, Ramuna and Bishunpura. Among those who have so far died of the epidemic have been identified as Santra Devi (32), Guthal Korwa (12) and Soniya Kumari (14) at Phatpani village of Dhurki block, Sushma Kumari (8) and Tara Kumari (5) at Chundi Village of Ramuna block, Chhotu Singh (20) at Putur village of Sagma block, Khushboo Kumari (10) and Suman Kumari (12) at Sandhya village of Bishunpura block, Samresh Singh (12) and Mahavir Singh (45) at Dhangardiha village of Bhawnathpur block and Anaib Khatoon (17) at Bahiyar Kalan village of Ramuna block.District health department held a health camp in the diarrhoea affected Ramuna block where 10 persons were found afflicted with the disease. Similarly, in Semri panchayat of Bardiha block, over a dozen people were found suffering from the disease, said Khushbun Nisa, mukhiya of Semri panchayat.Residents of Bahiyar Kalan village of Ramuna block complained that they used water from a well in absence of hand pump in the village. \"Bleaching powder has not been sprinkle in the well for the last five years,\" said Shakil Ansari.Similarly, Anil Saw, Antu Ram and Ganesh Prajapati of Chundi village said there was a single well in the village and villagers were forced to drink contaminated water as bleaching powder has not been poured into the well so far.Civil surgeon Raj Mohan, however, claimed that only diarrhoea death have been reported to his office. He said bleaching powder was already sent to all primary health centres (PHCs) with the advent of rainy season. \"Anti-diarrhoea medicine has already been provided to all PHCs,\" Mohan said adding that all medical officer have been directed to be ready with vehicle and diarrhoea kit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15397100", "title": "Class V girl raped on way home", "text": "HOWRAH: A Class-V student was allegedly waylaid and raped by a trader in Bamangachi on Monday. The 45-year-old grocer was arrested and produced before a court on Tuesday, where he was remanded him to judicial custody. The minor girl underwent a medical examination and recorded her statement before a magistrate under Section 164 of the CrPC.According to a source in the police, the incident occurred around 12.30pm when the girl was returning home from tuitions. Manik Saha, the grocer, called out to her as she was passing his shop. He asked her inside the shop and offered her a soft drink.\"According to the complaint lodged by the girl's father, Saha downed the shutter of his shop and then proceeded to rape her. The girl raised an alarm but there was nobody outside to help her. After a while, a customer banged on the shutter. The grocer threatened the girl with dire consequences if she spoke of the incident to anybody,\" the source said.After reaching home, she retreated into a shell. Her elder sister suspected something wrong and began pestering her. The little girl finally broke down and narrated her ordeal to her sibling. The latter informed their father immediately and a complaint was registered at the Liluah police station.Unlike the case in Jagachha - where the police refused to entertain a complaint by a rape victim - the cops swung into action and went after Saha.\"The grocer tried to give us the slip but he was picked up later in the evening. He denied the allegations though. By then, the girl had been examined medically and given a statement before a magistrate.\"Based on the complaint, Saha was charged under Section 376 of the IPC,\" the source added.The incident was confirmed by Nishat Pervez, deputy commissioner (headquarters), Howrah City Police. \"We have arrested the man based on the complaint lodged by the victim's father. The accused has been remanded to judicial custody and we have already started investigation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15400165", "title": "Sarayu turns author", "text": "Hand-in-hand with testing waters in Kollywood with her debut 'Thee Kulikkum Pachai Maram', Mollywood actress Sarayu is giving the finishing touches to her first book, 'Kathrikadavu Vazhi Kaloor'. \"The book is a collection of short stories I've penned over the last few years. Besides, it'll also feature a few poems of mine,\" the actress informs.Interestingly, the idea of bringing out a book first struck her when in a television interview, the anchor quizzed her about her other interests, besides acting. \"And I thought that was a fabulous idea! Call it co-incidence, a publishing house approached me soon after, and I decided to give it a go,\" says sarayu.The actress says she hopes to release the book by September this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15401528", "title": "CEOs becoming new IT decision makers", "text": "BANGALORE: With information technology emerging as a business transformation tool, CEOs and CFOs are getting more involved in IT decision-making.Previously, chief information officers (CIOs) called the shots on technology spends. But today, the decision-making does not sit with the CIO function alone, and IT vendors have to engage with CEOs and CFOs of customer companies, because IT has become strategic in many ways.\"In most cases, CIOs are moving out or are being replaced by business guys. And in some cases, CIOs are asked to report to the CFO, which means that a bunch of business guys are taking technology decisions. The CIO's role is limited to driving down costs and increasing efficiency,\" TK Kurien, CEO of the IT business at Wipro Technologies said in a recent analyst call.Earlier, information technology served to automate processes within a company. But newer technologies and technology services are serving to dramatically improve a company's competitiveness and innovation capabilities.\"From the efficiency point of view, customers are increasingly looking at IT as an enabler to remain competitive in the business. The business user, who is going to get impacted with the solution, is playing a key role in deciding which supplier he will work with. In this changed context, decision-making is more democratised to include not just the CIO, but also the business user,\" says Krishnakumar Natarajan, CEO of IT services company MindTree .Technology spends vary from 2.5% of total expenditure in the retail business to 12-13% in banking and financial services. In challenging times, like now, businesses call for a combination of growth and operational efficiency.\"Businesses today are struggling for growth. They are unwilling to risk any capital. But at the same time, businesses are expected to increase productivity, which is possible with better leverage of technology. This is creating a dichotomous situation and this is why the CIO is facing an inflection point,\" says Krishnan Chatterjee, VP for strategic marketing in HCL Technologies .Chatterjee says that there is a fundamental shift in the way IT services are delivered. With companies focusing on ways to unlock capital, the ratio of run-the-business to change-the-business IT solutions has been tweaked. \"We can today reduce the run-the-business footprint and invest in change-the-business strategies to positively impact customers' topline,\" he says. Currently, HCL's revenues are split equally between the two kinds of IT solutions.However, this is not to say that the CIO's role is becoming irrelevant. \"The CIO's role is now less about procuring hardware and more around governance and management. Service providers are increasingly having standard architecture that can be adapted by customers. To that extent, CIOs have a larger role to play in revenue enhancement,\" says Chirajeet Sengupta, practice director at outsourcing consultancy Everest Group.HCL's Chatterjee notes that CEOs and CFOs are not trained to scale up and integrate technology. \"It's usually the CIO who brings such value to the table. So they have to be elevated to the level of a business leader within the organization to stay relevant and remain competitive,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15398503", "title": "City corporation mulls 24/7 water on its own", "text": "MANGALORE: The state government's much vaunted plan of providing 24/7 water supply to four major cities - Mangalore included, in this year's state budget could first take off in this port city. Against the earlier idea and planning of introducing this arrangement under public private partnership (PPP) model, the Mangalore City Corporation is now seriously mulling to do so on its own with the accent on strengthening the network and distribution system.The issue has been hanging fire ever since the city corporation first adopted a resolution 156/2009-10 to this effect at its monthly council meeting on Nov. 30, 2009.The civic body initially chose PPP mode to execute the project and Karnataka Urban Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation (KUIDFC) was given the mandate to prepare the request for quotation (RFQ) and request for proposal (RFP) respectively.A core committee was set up under mayor Praveen on May 19, 2011 to decide on the modalities of going ahead with three models suggested by KUIDFC. As per a decision taken at the meeting on May 25, a team of 27 corporators visited Hubli-Dharwad where a similar project has been implemented on pilot basis in eight of 67 wards there with World Bank funding. The committee met again on June 28 and sought opinion from a CA on the project.A third meeting of the committee held on July 14, 2011 decided to go ahead with the project under a PPP arrangement, one in which there would be no financial burden for the civic body. However, fears in circles within the ruling BJP that this would lead to an escalation in water charges, a decision that would be politically incorrect in an election year for the civic body, saw that the resolution was given a quiet burial and other alternatives explored.MCC commissioner K Harish Kumar said they felt that the city's interests would be best served if the corporation externally sourced the Rs 146 crore needed for the project.\"Once the council adopts a resolution, we can move the state government to permit us to raise funds either from the open market or from an agency decided by them,\" he said.Such arrangement will give the civic body full control over water pricing both for domestic and commercial users, he said, adding that official circles feel they must try it out in the city which has a good track record when it comes to repayment for services rendered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15397804", "title": "Pollution affects Gangetic dolphins most", "text": "KANPUR: In the second such incident in less then two months, a 134-cm long Gangetic dolphin was found dead in a rivulet in Sahson area close to Chambal river in Etawah district. Locals spotted the dolphin on Sunday and apprised the forest officials.\"The villagers saw a Gangetic dolphin floating in the rivulet and apprised the forest officials camping there. They roped in forest guards to fish it out. It was recovered from the downstream and is believed to have died 24 hours ago,\" said Mahaveer Prasad, range officer, National Chambal Sanctuary.Prasad further said that there were no external injury marks on its body. He claimed that the aquatic animal, a female, may have died a natural death. An autopsy would be conducted.\"It was 134 cms long and 39 cms wide. The dolphin was nearly four years of age,\" said a forest official.The environmentalists said that it is possible that it had died of infection or due to pollution.The Chambal river spread over 435-km, which flows across the sanctuary is turning into a hunting spot, posing a serious threat to the survival of aquatic life, including rare Gangetic dolphins.A Conservationist said it is a matter of concern as it is the second such incident in less than two months. Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, society for conservation of nature, said that the Chambal river had about 75 to 85 Gangetic dolphins, besides alligators and turtles.\"Gangetic dolphin (platanista gangetica) is the worst suffer when pollution or silt increases in the water. This aquatic animal is very sensitive and needs fresh water to breed. The state government should come forward to conserve the national aquatic animal on the lines of Vikramshila Gangetic Dolphin Santuary in Bhagalpur in Bihar ,\" Chauhan said further.The Gangetic dolphins have been declared as the National Aquatic Animal of India. This decision was taken in the first meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on October 5, 2009.It had been included in the Schedule-I of the Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, thereby giving them the highest degree of protection.The World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) says that in the 1980s, there were around 3,500 in the delta region alone.Dolphins are also poached for oil which is said to be a panacea for arthritis. The poaching is a non-bailable offence and invites imprisonment of three to seven years and a fine of Rs 10,000.Dams and barriers disrupt the free movement of the Gangetic dolphins.Pollution by fertilisers, pesticides and industrial and domestic effluents are responsible for the death of many fishes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396428", "title": "Fluoride mitigation centre at Nalgonda", "text": "HYDERABAD: A Regional Fluoride Mitigation Centre (RFCC) that will benefit nearly 10 states is likely to be set up in Nalgonda district. A 53-acre land has been identified by the state government for the purpose.On Tuesday, D Rajasekhar, deputy advisor, ministry of drinking water and sanitation, is slated to meet the panchayati raj department officials on the proposal and to finalise land for the proposed project.Fluoride-affected districts in Kerala, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Orissa, West Bengal, Assam and Andhra Pradesh will benefit from this project.The centre will have facilities for rehabilitating patients affected by fluorosis, training of personnel to identify those affected by fluorosis, laboratories for carrying out tests and various other amenities. Fluorosis is a major problem in several states of the country. In dental fluorosis, the teeth of a person is affected and in skeletal fluorosis, the victim literally becomes immobile.A meeting of scientists and officials from various parts of the country was organised in July at National Environmental Engineering Research Institute ( Neeri), Nagpur where the issue of setting up of the RFCC in Andhra Pradesh was discussed.In fact, another RFCC is also to be established in Gandhinagar in Gujarat which will cater to J&K;, Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Punjab, Haryana, Bihar, Jharkhand and Uttarkhand people.Arjun L Khandare, deputy director, Food and Drug Toxicology Research Centre , National Institute of Nutrition told TOI that a detailed plan has been drawn up for the setting up of the RFCC.He said once the place is finalised, work on the centre would begin soon.It is learnt that initially the state government had offered a two-acre land near Uppal for setting up RFCC but it was felt that a bigger area was necessary and therefore land in Nalgonda has been identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15397814", "title": "Make vroom for Baroda girl Mira Erda", "text": "MUMBAI: At an age when girls are busy playing with dolls, mom's lipsticks and perfumes this 11-year-old is comfortable with the stink of grease and petrol and seems to be asking the question 'why should boys have all the fun' in a male dominated sport like karting.With strong backing from dad Kirit, who owns a small karting track in Baroda called Erda Speedracer, Mira Erda took up the sport two years back and is now giving the boys a run for their money, literally.However, her first brush with the sport did not start on an exciting note.\"We took her to Pune to let her have a first-hand experience of karting. Even though she witnessed a massive crash, she didn't back out from going ahead with her decision to race,\" Kirit tells TOI.Mira clocked the best lap time of 45.22 seconds en route to her runners-up finish in the micro max category of the JK Tyre Rotax Max National Karting Championship at the Kari Motor Speedway (Coimbatore) on Sunday and pocketed Rs 7,500 for her feat.But she is not satisfied with her display and is determined to finish well in the championship standings.\"My immediate plan is to finish on top of the podium in the last two races of this season. Though I won't be able to win the championship, I will give it my all to take the second spot in the overall ranking. I wish to leave the micro category on a high,\" says Mira, who likes to gorge on pizzas and dhoklas.\"My dad has been my coach, if not for him I wouldn't have taken the plunge into racing. I practise on weekends. I will be doing lots of physical exercise once I get into the junior category next year,\" says the Shah Rukh Khan fan who also loves sci-fi and superhero movies like Ra.One, the Harry Potter series and Chronicles of Narnia series.It is interesting to note how this seventh class student at Rosary High School balances her studies with the sport and has already become an inspiration for girls both older and younger. \"My school has been very supportive about racing. My classmates, too, help me with notes when I need them. In the bargain, they ask me for a treat. The girls keep asking me about racing but are intimidated about taking it up as a career,\" says the smiling lass.Kirit wants to see his daughter break through the higher tiers of motor racing like rally driving. \"Mira is an extremely focused racer. She strives to improve with each event. She has a lot of potential to make it big in the future. In a male-dominated racing world, it would be a huge fillip to the women if Mira goes on to compete in higher grades. We will do our best to help fulfill her aspirations,\" he signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15395946", "title": "Breastmilk is complete food for newborns till six months", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Myths like breastfeeding is painful, many women don't produce enough milk, breastfed babies need extra water in hot weather, a working mother cannot breastfeed, switching from breast milk to formula and back again is bad for the baby, if the baby is suffering from diarrhea or vomiting, mother should stop breastfeeding and if a mother is taking some medicine she should not breast feed, are few factors responsible for mothers shying from breastfeeding across the nation.But the fact is that colostrums, known as liquid gold (thick yellow first milk present in small amount before delivery and first few days after delivery) has high host defense proteins and immunoglobulins.Chief medical officer, Allahabad, Dr Padmakar Singh said \"health officials are running from pillar to post to ease the misconceptions among mothers and they have been quite successful in their endeavor\". He added \"there is urgent need to educate mothers in both rural and urban sectors so that newborns could get colostrums (liquid gold).Deputy CMO, Dr Vivek Srivastava told TOI \"we have been briefing mothers about the difference between mature breast milk and transitional milk as it is very important for each and every mother to know the basic facts related to the issue\". He further added \"breastmilk offers complete food for the first six month to new born and have other qualities like prefect nutrition , higher IQ, emotional bonding, prevent infections, prevents chronic diseases and easily digested\".Meanwhile, Additional CMO, NRHM, Dr. Chandan Lal said \" breast milk also offers benefits to mothers like reduces post delivery bleeding and anemia, helps delay next pregnancy, protective effect against breast and ovarian cancer , helps to loose weight, emotional bonding and needs no preparation\".The health officials with the help of UNICEF and SRN hospital also held a symposium on breastfeeding and apprised mothers about its uncounted benefits.SIC, SRN hospital, Allahabad, Dr. Shradha Dwivedi said \" it is best to give baby only breast milk for the first 6 months of life adding \" this means not giving your baby any other food or drink - not even water during this time\" she added.She also maintained that breast feeding is normal and healthy for baby and mothers.Dr. Seema of UNICEF pointed out \"breastmilk has disease fighting cells called antibodies that helps protect infants from germs, illness and even sudden infant death syndrome\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15397063", "title": "Pensioners go through hell", "text": "BANGALORE: She's been enduring misery ever since she was diagnosed HIV positive at the age of 12. Sharanya (name changed) was married at 13 and started having a family. \"I tried to get a job but I had no educational qualification. Society never made me forget what I suffer from,\" she told TOI on Tuesday.She, like many others, poured out their pension woes at an adalat for the aggrieved.Sharanya is a 29-year-old destitute living in Bangalore. \"Only NGOs consider hiring people who don't have educational qualifications. One such NGO recruited me to create awareness about HIV and AIDS. I'm not eligible for any PDS ration. I request the government to grant me pension to help me,\" she pleaded.Thousands of people in the state are eligible for pensions but don't get them, with most having worked in the unorganized sector. K Shivakalappa, 65, is waiting for a meagre Rs 400 pension from the government. \"All through my 45 years of working as an auto driver, I've tried to ensure my family gets the basic amenities. Recently, I was diagnosed with respiratory ailments because of constant exposure to pollution. I have a 35-year-old daughter whose marriage I can't afford. I'm waiting for the pension so that I can get her married. My wife and daughter sell incense sticks for a living. I can't even get a BPL card for our family to avail of entitlements,\" he said.Sex workers too are eligible for government pension, but BB Jaan has been waiting for two years. She too doesn't have a BPL card and is wondering if she'll be recognized by the government as a pensioner and will receive some relief. But for Komathi, life has been even tougher. The 75-year-old domestic worker, who lives in Gandhinagar, has been a widow for 30 years and has to somehow get with help from her family.the delayThe state government stopped disbursing pensions citing duplication in the database of eligible beneficiaries. The state is redoing the identification of pensioners.After reviewing the eligible pensioners, the government has announced it'll limit the number of beneficiaries in each district.\"It's nearly the same amount the government gives as subsidy to gold and diamond jewellery traders in the entire country in a year. Why do they have to give such rich people subsidies when the poor are waiting for their dues? We are asking for pension plans to be revised every two years and an amount of Rs 2,000 as against Rs 200 (which the state contributes) for BPL persons,\" said Nalini Shekhar, coordinator, Karnataka State Pension Parishat.The parishat is a network of individuals, organizations and institutions working across the state to campaign for Universal and Non-Contributory Old Age Pension System. Their demand is to universalize the pension scheme so that every person above 55 or 60 years is eligible for government pension, except those who pay property tax and wealth tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15398655", "title": "\u2018Ginger can control diabetes\u2019", "text": "MELBOURNE: Ginger, a common spice in Indian kitchens can manage high levels of blood sugar which create complications for long-term diabetic patients, a new study said. Researchers from University of Sydney found that ginger has the power to control blood glucose by using muscle cells.\"Ginger extracts obtained from Buderim Ginger were able to increase the uptake of glucose into muscle cells independently of insulin,\" professor of pharmaceutical chemistry Basil Roufogalis who led the research said .\"This assists in the management of high levels of blood sugar that create complications for longterm diabetic patients, and may allow cells to operate independently of insulin,\" Roufogalis said.\"The components responsible for the increase the uptake of glucose were gingerols, the major phenolic components of the ginger rhizome. Under normal conditions , blood glucose level is strictly maintained within a narrow range, and skeletal muscle is a major site of glucose clearance in the body,\" Roufogalis added. The pharmacy researchers extracted whole ginger rhizomes obtained from Buderim Ginger and showed that that one fraction of the extract was the most effective in reproducing the increase in glucose uptake by the whole extract in muscle cells grown in culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15396824", "title": "Minors being sent as maids by illegal placement agencies", "text": "NOIDA: In the last one month, four cases of domestic child labour were reported in Noida. Shockingly, not only were three girls rescued from just one household, but all of them had been referred to their employer by Delhi-based placement agencies. According to the anti-human trafficking unit (AHTU) in Noida, these cases along with a majority of others handled by them in the past year are related to girls from either Jharkhand, Bihar of West Bengal.Police say placement agencies operate by claiming that they are registered. However, child rights activists say that there is no such law under which these agencies can be registered. \"In the cases of agencies for domestic labour, there is no law under which they can be registered. Moreover, in the case of employing someone below the age of 14, it's a clear violation of the child labour act and simply illegal,\" said Satya Prakash, project coordinator, Childline-FXB Suraksha.Experts said most of these children are from homes which are poor and deprived. \"There is immense poverty in their native places. Also, in Jharkhand there are the additional twin threats of Maoists and security forces. This forces the children to find their way into the hands of traffickers. Also, there is very little job opportunity in these areas. Noida has become a popular destination for traffickers due to a large number of working couples living in the area who need domestic help,\" added Prakash.Sources in AHTU say almost all cases involving child labour as domestic help in Noida have been from Jharkhand, Bihar and West Bengal.\"The three girls rescued from a single residence were employed through a Delhi placement agency and are from Jharkhand,\" said a police officer.According to the police, a number of these cases originate from districts with a reputation of human trafficking. \"In June, we had two cases in which both maids had been abused for months before being rescued. They were from Gumla. There is a definite case of trafficking and we are investigating the matter in association with the Jharkhand police,\" said the police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396568", "title": "Food &amp; Drugs Administration plans six labs", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as it is gearing up to implement a ban on gutka and paan masala, the state Food &amp; Drugs Administration ( FDA ) plans to set up six more laboratories to help test samples quickly, picked right from the source of productions, including food products, pharmaceuticals and other contaminated products.The new labs would come up in Pune, Nagpur, Nashik, Satara, Sangli and Nanded, minister of food &amp; drugs administration Manohar Naik said on Tuesday. \"These labs would be able to test and analyze at a quick pace various parameters of contamination, including testing of food, pharmaceuticals, pesticide and colours,\" said Naik.The labs will cost the state exchequer at least Rs 42 crore, for which a provision will be made in the budget. Only Mumbai and Aurangabad have testing laboratories, so samples collected during raids across state have to be transported to these centers. It not only means a huge backlog but results in delays to prepare reports. Reports now take a minimum 30 days but with more centers the time could be reduced by half, officials said. - Sharad VyasIf contamination is established early it would allow inspectors to penalize violators on time under the new food safety act which has recently come into effect.Maharashtra has also recently announced a ban on gutka, which means the existing machinery will have to be diverted to ensure effectively implementation of the ban. The state will soon start a drive to hire technical staff to run these laboratories and would also request the health department to provide some assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15398354", "title": "Is it right to crack down on casino guests, if operators don't pay annual fees?", "text": "The state can adopt any measures to recover its dues. Any means can be used to recover its property. If you continue to operate without paying your dues from time to time, then it becomes an illegal activity. So in that sense, any means can be used to tackle anything that becomes illegal.Soter D'SouzaCommunity facilitator, SocorroIf casino operators do not pay their dues, it is not the fault of the guests. The hike in licence fee is too much for the casinos to pay. The casino operators have also to spend on employees' salaries, the premises, besides having to incur other expenses. The government should serve notices to defaulting operators and get them to pay their dues within a certain period of time; failing which, their licenses should not be renewed.Godwin D'SouzaDJ, SangoldaNo, it is not right to involve the guests. In such a scenario, the authorities need to go after the owners of the casinos. If the operators continues to default on their payments to the state, the authorities need to immediately cancel their licences and close down the casinos.Sidharth KarapurkarBusiness, NavelimNo, this is not right and cannot be the solution. The way to tackle this would be to renew their licences only if they have paid the necessary fees. If casino operators fail to pay the dues twice, then their licences should be cancelled.Chandrakant Baban ShindeTeacher, Pernem", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15396203", "title": "14-year-old raped by tutor's husband", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Maninagar police arrested a 42-year-old man for raping a 14-year-old girl who was a pupil of his wife's coaching class. Investigators said the accused was physically involved with the girl for the past year.According to Maninagar police, Sneha (name changed), a class IX student, complained to her mother of pain in her abdomen. When the complaints became frequent, her mother took her to a gynecologist when the doctor showeded that the girl was showing signs of pregnancy.\"The mother took Sneha in confidence and asked about any incidents in the past. Sneha revealed that her coaching class teacher's husband befriended her and had a sexual relationship with her. He asked her not to reveal it to anybody. The parents asked the girl not to meet the man anymore and inform them if he approached her,\" said a Maninagar police official.The twist came on Monday as Sanjay Soni, the accused, went to Sneha's school and presented her a box of chocolates. The box also contained a letter proclaiming his love for her. The letter said that 'she only belonged to him' and 'if she could not be his, she could not be anybody else's.'\"Frightened by the letter, the parents approached the police immediately and narrated the incident. We tactfully questioned Sneha, who revealed that Sanjay took her to various houses and guest houses in Jashodanagar, Geeta Mandir and Raipur, and once to Nadiad, between June 2011 and February 2012,\" said V J Gadhavi, inspector of Maninagar police station.Gadhavi said Sanjay has been arrested on rape charges and the girl was sent for a medical examination on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15399286", "title": "Govt should increase its role in healthcare sector", "text": "India's healthcare system is already among the most privatised in the world and the last thing we need is a further retreat of the state in this sector.Far from reducing its role, the government should be focussing on increasing it.Not only does it need to spend much more on building infrastructure like hospitals and primary health centres, it must ensure that these are adequately staffed and equipped.Of course, ensuring that the money spent is well-utilised is important, which also means constant monitoring of whether doctors and paramedical staff are actually present where they are supposed to be.The immunisation programme too needs to boosted and urgently. These are not options but necessary steps because, like education, healthcare too must be seen as something all citizens are entitled to.Related story : Plan panel wants govt to retreat from healthcare", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397611", "title": "Iucaa scientists to study black holes", "text": "PUNE: Black holes, their size and depth have been a topic for research for decades. Pune-based Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics (Iucaa) will jump onto the bandwagon when it undertakes a study on black holes using an astronomy-specific satellite called Astrosat which would be launched by India next year.A black hole is a place in space where the gravity pull is so much that even light cannot get out. The gravity is so strong because matter has been squeezed into a tiny space. This can happen when a star is dying, according to National Aeronautics and Space Agency .Scientist Dipankar Bhattacharya from Iucaa would be working with Italy's Tomaso Belloni, an expert on X-ray timing and spectral studies of black hole systems. The Union ministry of science and technology and the ministry of foreign affairs, Italy have given grants for the project to Bhattacharya.Astrosat addresses several scientific problems, among them the nature of matter flow and radiation that is very close on the horizon of a black hole. Bhattacharya said, \"The ultimate goal is to estimate the mass and spin of these black holes and the nature of space-time around them. We will characterize these black holes with respect to the weight and movement which will help us determine how they were formed.\"Scientists working on the project will study this through a detailed investigation of the radiation received from black holes. The study is called the 'timing study'. Scientists will also simultaneously study the spectrum of the X-rays ranging from ultraviolet to hard X-ray bands. \"Astrosat will be uniquely capable of some of these studies, and many of us at Iucaa are deeply interested in it,\" Bhattacharya said.Belloni and his team have developed several software tools to analyse the data received from space. He is working on a special software that will be customised for Atrosat which will enable Iucaa scientists to analyse the intensity of radiation of the X-rays.Bhattacharya and Belloni will prepare the groundwork for the development of the software to analyse the data once the satellite is launched.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396911", "title": "Educational institutes worried as ragging goes off campus", "text": "MUMBAI: With college campuses putting an end to ragging, bullies have found out new ways to target freshers and juniors outside the institute premises, raising concerns and making authorities feel helpless despite a zero-tolerance policy in place.\"Though our college is very strict against such acts, it is a matter of grave worry for us, especially when ragging takes place outside college premises. We haven't received any complaints about ragging in a really long time but many cases also go unnoticed,\" said Sunil Mantri, principal of NM College in Vile Parle. Many college principals said the problem starts when students don't report incidents of ragging and harassment to authorities due to fear.Currently, most colleges have an anti-ragging squad but occurrence of such incidents outside the college campus is still a worry. \"The best we can do is inform students well in advance about the consequences of such an act. Students are made to attend orientation sessions every year where they are informed about what is meant by ragging and where to seek help,\" said Tushar Desai, principal of Ruparel College, Matunga. He also said students are made to sign forms on anti-ragging at the time of admissions. \"Our rules are very clear, especially for students who stay in our hostels, where such notorious activities were very common. We haven't had a case of ragging in a really long time,\" he said.Over three years ago, University Grants Commission sent out circulars to all schools and colleges across the country about the 'no-tolerance' stand. Guidelines about what amounts to ragging and helpline numbers were shared with colleges. \"Creating awareness among students is the best colleges can do on their part. Our students are aware of the fact that they can be pulled up by the authorities even if they are found guilty of ragging anyone outside the college campus,\" said Marie Fernandes, principal of St Andrew's College at Bandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15396459", "title": "18-yr-old victim of botched abortion dies", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: An 18-year-old unmarried girl, who fell critically ill while undergoing abortion, breathed her last at a private hospital here on Tuesday. The girl, who battled for her life for almost 15 days, succumbed as the infection spread to her vital parts, giving little chance to the doctors to rescue her.Police had already arrested the nurse Vijayakumari, who reportedly terminated the pregnancy, and the girl's fiance Samba, following a complaint lodged by the parents of the girl. The victim became pregnant after Samba lured her with a promise to marry her. However, he deserted her soon after learning about her pregnancy. The parents of the girl tried their best to convince Samba but in vain. Even Samba's parents refused the marriage proposal.Stung by the development, the girl's parents approached Vijayakumari working with a private hospital. The nurse, who was running a clinic as an RMP in the I Town area, tried to perform the abortion without taking the help of a doctor. The girl's condition turned serious and the worried parents took her to the government hospital where the doctors advised the parents to shift her to a private hospital.Doctors at the private hospital found that the kidneys of the girl had damaged due to severe infection because of the botched abortion. They said the infection spread to lungs and liver, causing breathing problems to the girl. \"Ignorance of the illiterate parents, unprofessional handling of the nurse and the boyfriend's negligence cost the life of an innocent girl,\" a doctor rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15395750", "title": "Joint venture for gas can expand operations beyond Vadodara", "text": "VADODARA: The joint venture (JV) company of GAIL (India) Ltd and Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) for city gas distribution will not limit itself to the city. The company's brief also includes considering business opportunities across the state, country and even abroad if projects are found viable.The joint venture company was so far essentially seen as a company that would do business in and around the city. The state government's energy and petrochemicals department had already asked VMC to ensure that the services of the company are also available in areas around Vadodara when the civic body had approached the department for a nod to form the JV.The area of operations of the JV as described in the agreement clearly state that the company would do business primarily in the city and its adjoining towns and talukas in Gujarat. At the same time it adds that it could also work in various cities and towns in India as well as abroad based on the financial viability of the projects.A senior official, who was involved with the project since its initial stages, said that the clause would ensure that if an opportunity arises in future, the company can spread its wings.\"This would be considered strictly on the basis of viability and profitability. It augurs well for the VMC as being a 50 per cent stake holder in the JV, it will get half of the revenue thus generated. It can be ploughed back for the development of the city as well as the gas project,\" the official said.VMC's project engineer (gas) Shailesh Nayak said that the clause would also ensure that there are no hurdles for future expansion.\"While the focus is the city and surrounding areas, this will ensure that we need not run around if an opportunity arises in the future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397446", "title": "Animal rescue missions get a 'rapid response'", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a time when man-animal conflicts are increasing, sticking to obsolete methods for rescue and rehabilitation of wild animals can worsen the situation. The forest department knows the importance of modern equipment in such rescue operations, but is always short of funds to procure them.Realising the financial limitations of the forest department, an NGO, Wildlife Conservation Trust (WCT), has gifted the department a modern rescue vehicle. WCT has given the vehicle as a part of its corporate and social responsibility.The vehicle, called Rapid Response Unit, is stationed at Lucknow zoo. As the name goes, the vehicle is meant for quick response by forest and wildlife teams in times of crisis.\"Immediately after it came, the vehicle was used in the rescue operation in Pratapgarh to control the conflict where a stray leopard had gone unruly,\" said Rupak De, APCCF, Wildlife and chief wildlife warden, UP. \"The vehicle's cost is about Rs 17 lakh. Since, we have added equipment to it, the cost has gone up to some Rs 22 lakh,\" he added.The biggest advantage of a rescue vehicle is that it's equipped with features that can speed up the rescue operations. Apart from two tranquilising guns ready with supportive drugs (required for darting an animal), it has several add-ons as well. \"The best part is that it's always ready and can be driven to the place of conflict immediately,\" said zoo director Renu Singh.The department, till now, used an ordinary truck as a rescue vehicle, with an enclosure attached to it for transporting the rescued animal. If the rescued animal was injured, its treatment was possible only after it was taken to a veterinary unit. Since veterinary units at the district level are generally ill-equipped, the injured animal had to be brought to Lucknow zoo for treatment.But, with the Rapid Response Unit in operation, a rescued animal can now be given immediate treatment as the vehicle is equipped with a treatment kit. The rescue operations in the state have so far been messy. The divisions facing the man-animal conflicts take time in arranging everything, right from tranquillising guns to the enclosures.Such operations will, however, become swift now as the Rapid Response Unit has everything ready at one place.The vehicle has been designed keeping in mind the rescued animals as well as the rigors faced by the rescue teams. The vehicle is equipped with blankets and mosquito nets, folding cots, search lights and generators to make it easy for the rescue teams. The biggest challenge, however, before the department is to keep the vehicle in ready-to-use mode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396143", "title": "36 kids freed from factory", "text": "NEW DELHI: Thirty six child labourers were rescued from northeast Delhi on Tuesday. The children, aged between 6-14 years, had been working in jeans and shirt production units and dhabas in the Gandhi Nagar area of Old Seelampur.\"The children were rescued from eight sites. Eight employers were also held,\" said sub-divisional magistrate (Gandhi Nagar) Sandeep Gulati. The operation was conducted by the SDM, Delhi Police, officials of labour department and NGO Bachpan Bachao Aandolan after a tip-off.Coincidentally, one of the buildings from where these children were rescued houses the political office of Delhi's education minister Arvinder Singh. Later in the day, a statement was issued from Singh's office saying they had nothing to do with the property. Most of the rescued children belong to UP and Bihar and were trafficked to the capital six months back. Members of the rescue team say the kids were working in deplorable conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "guwahati/kokrajhar", "code": "15396629", "title": "Assam asks CBI to probe riots", "text": "GUWAHATI/KOKRAJHAR: The state government on Tuesday approached the CBI to probe the ethnic clashes in the state and find out whether \"external forces\" were behind the violence, which resumed after an 11-day lull, following the killing of three people in Kokrajhar and recovery of a body in Chirang in the last 24 hours.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi said the toll reached 73 with reports of fresh killings and the recovery of more bodies in the past one week. \"We still have more missing persons,\" he said. Apart from the deaths in violence, 15 people, including seven children, have died due to ill-health at relief camps.The fresh killings took place in Kokrajhar, hours after an all-party meeting was held at Kokrajhar DC's office on Monday to bring back peace in the district. Three persons were killed and two injured when miscreants opened fire on Muslims at Ranighuli, along the Kokrajhar-Dhubri district border, on Monday morning.The state government's request to the CBI to probe the violence came a day after Union home secretary RK Singh said in Delhi that \"external forces\" might be igniting the clash and the CBI probe is required provided the state government asks for it\". Gogoi expressed concern over the killings and asked chief secretary NK Das to take steps to curb violence. \"We cannot allow the situation to deteriorate further,\" Gogoi said.\"I wanted a CBI probe on the very first day, but then home minister P Chidambaram had some reservations about handing over the probe to the CBI,\" said Gogoi. \"We suspect the involvement of several forces in the clash and want the CBI to get to the bottom of the case. External forces have always been here to disturb peace and it is difficult to identify these elements. Internal forces don't want the inmates of relief camps to return to homes. I have asked police to find out if the NDFB is involved,\" Gogoi added.On Saturday, the NDFB (Progressive) had issued a statement asking non-tribals not to return to BTC area.Police said miscreants fired at Muslims at Ranighuli village, killing three people on the spot. A body, suspected to be of a Muslim man, was found in Chirang district. Muslims blocked NH-31 near Bilasipara with the bodies, prompting police to fire teargas shells. One person was injured in the police firing. The Kokrajhar district administration imposed curfew in the area from 9am until further orders from Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15396988", "title": "Anti-graft protesters disappointed at change", "text": "BANGALORE: India against Corruption volunteer Neelam Krishna was so inspired by the Anna Hazare movement that she returned to the cause after a major surgery three days into the fast at Freedom Park recently.A week later, her faith has been deeply shaken by the team disbanding and taking the political route. \"I'm hurt as I gave everything to the movement only to be kept in the dark about the future. It's hard to come to terms with the fact that the India Against Corruption campaign has been scrapped. We're still not clear about everything that transpired in the past few days,\" she added.She isn't alone. \"I'm disappointed as the movement shouldn't have taken a political turn. The IAC campaign should be allowed to continue as I believe it had the potential to bring about the desired reforms. Those who want to join politics should have resigned without bringing the movement to an abrupt halt,\" said Anand Yadwat, a techie, who was even working out of Freedom Park during the agitation.Some aren't disappointed by the abrupt end. \"The movement against corruption is taking its own course. The goal is to eradicate corruption. If that is achieved through political means, I don't have a problem,\" said 26-year-old techie Ashok Kumar Koji, who was also working at Freedom Park. \"I'm confident that Team Anna members will be good leaders as they don't have selfish motives like others,\" he added.IAC volunteer Prithvi Reddy, who is close to the core team, said the apolitical phase of the movement against corruption is over because there is no way forward to the agitation. \"The intention is not to get into seats of power but to reform a system,\" he said.He added, \"The kind of people required going forward as the movement turns political is very different from the ones we had before. Since we'll have to fight elections, we need a new set of people with different skills and expertise. The leaders will enter politics only to remove corruption. Honest people who would otherwise not get a chance to contest elections will now get a chance.\"IAC members will meet at Gandhi Bhavan on August 12 to get an insight into the latest developments. Around 250 persons who volunteered for the movement are expected to attend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kotabommali (srikakulam)", "code": "15396447", "title": "Goods train catches fire", "text": "KOTABOMMALI (SRIKAKULAM): Three wagons of a goods train carrying coal caught fire on the outskirts of Kotabommali railway station on Tuesday. Travellers, waiting for their trains, panicked as they thought that a passenger train had caught fire. Sources said with the recent Tamil Nadu express fire which killed 30 passengers on the outskirts of Nellore railway station was still afresh in their memory, the passengers waited with bated breath before the authorities allayed their fears.The goods train was carrying coal from Talcher in Odisha to Visakhapatnam when the mishap took place. Fire erupted in the middle wagons when the train was about to reach Kotabommali. The coal stock in the three wagons was reduced to ashes before the fire tenders could douse the fire. The fire services personnel prevented the fire from spreading to other wagons. The cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained. The goods train was given clearance in the evening after the authorities inspected other wagons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396106", "title": "Service chiefs seek solution to pay, pension woes of military personnel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The three Service chiefs on Tuesday strongly pushed for the government to resolve all pending pay and pension grievances of serving and retired military personnel.Admiral Nirmal Verma, Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne and General Bikram Singh held extensive talks with the committee of secretaries, led by cabinet secretary Ajit Kumar Seth, constituted by the government last month. This came a day ahead of the deadline set for the committee to submit its final report.Earlier in the day, Admiral Verma said while there was no military representation on the committee, the armed forces had briefed it about how the \"anomalies'' should be addressed. \"Let's see how they are resolved... the recommendations (of the committee) have to go through the political process,\" he said.The committee is looking into issues like ex-servicemen's long-standing demand for one-rank, one-pension (OROP); a common payscale for in-service junior commissioned officers/other ranks; initial pay-fixation of Lt-Colonel/Colonel/Brigadiers and their equivalents; review in the grade pay; placing all Lt-Generals in HAG+ (higher administrative grade-plus) scale; and grant of non-functional upgrade to armed forces personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15398189", "title": "Sevashram students protest corporal punishment", "text": "KORAPUT: A day after 128 inmates deserted a government-run sevashram in Koraput's Dasmantpur block, only five of them returned to the school on Tuesday. \"Five of the students have returned and efforts are on to bring back the rest,\" said Ajay Kumar Parida, headmaster of Machput sevashram.On Monday, the tribal students had deserted the sevashram to protest against corporal punishment by school authorities. They had also put up a poster on the school notice board before they left. They have complained against school authorities for beating them up and using abusive language against them, providing them with bad quality of food and engaging them in school chores. \"We were asked by our teachers to collect firewood from the neighbouring forest for cooking and were beaten up if we denied,\" the poster read.\"We are not given food on time. Though we have approached the authorities concerned many times over this, it has not borne fruit. We are punished if we protested,\" it added. As many as 275 students stay in the school hostel. The school, which is run by the SC and ST development department, is around 70 km from Koaput and has classes V to X.On Tuesday, zilla parishad president Malati Majhi and senior officials rushed to the sevashram to take stock of the situation. Koraput collector Sachin Jadhav said, \"I have asked the officials concerned to inquire into the incident and to submit report. Necessary action will be taken if the complaints are found to be true.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15398702", "title": "Rehabilitation only for the displaced: Tarun Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Putting an end to apprehensions expressed by the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) leadership that extra people are coming to BTAD areas from relief camps, chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday said rehabilitation is only meant for the displaced and not everybody in relief camps.\"The credentials of the inmates of the relief camps will be verified for rehabilitation. The rehabilitation will be only for the displaced people. We are giving relief to all inmates of camps but only the genuinely displaced among them will get the rehabilitation,\" said the chief minister. The rehabilitation package includes free GI sheets from state government and the Centre's assistance under a special central assistance of Rs 100 crore announced by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh duirng his visit to Kokrajhar on July 25. In addition to these, the Centre will also give an assistance of Rs 30,000 to those whose houses are fully damaged and Rs 20,000 for the partially damaged ones.During the ethnic violence, over four lakh people belonging to Bodo, Bengali-speaking Muslims and other groups, including Koch-Rajbongshis and Bengali Hindus in Kokrajhar, Chirang &amp; Dhubri districts were forced to abandon their homes and head for relief camps.Amidst reports of relief camps housing people outside the affected areas and fears of people more than those actually affected returning to the BTAD areas, the Bodoland Territorial Council recently adopted a resolution to allow only bonafide land owners in BTAD to return to their homes and suggested the government to keep others in relief camps till a solution is found.The chief minister also admitted that there are people from outside the affected areas in relief camps. \"We have told the BTC leadership that there is no space for any illegal migrants in BTAD areas. Only the bonafide land owners will live in BTAD. We have records with us and we will go by that only. I do not understand what apprehension the Bodos have.\"Last week, Gogoi said, the number of relief camps has come down to 242 and about 1.16 lakh inmates have returned home. There are still 3,50,960 people in the remaining camps.According to the state home department, there are still 63 camps in Kokrajhar district with 1,26,218 inmates. Forty-eight of these camps are inhabited by 89,342 Bodos, 14 by 36,732 Muslims and one by 144 people from other communities. In Chirang district, there are 32 camps till Tuesday with 57,189 inmates. In the last one week, 60 camps in the district have been closed down.In Dhubri district, there are 133 camps with 1,52,861 inmates, all belonging to the minority community. In Bongaigaon, too, there are 14 camps with 14,700 inmates from the minority community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15397799", "title": "Former Agriculture Product Marketing Committee chief arrested", "text": "WARDHA: A former president of Agriculture Product Marketing Committee Samudrapur Pandurang Ujawane, who was found involved in a scam has been arrested.Ujawane was arrested on Monday and was admitted in the government hospital in Hinganghat after being reported ill.Anil Bhongade, the account inspector (auditor) of APMC had lodged a complaint against four employees of APMC. Two of them, Sunil Chafale (secratary) and Mahesh Mehrotra (joint secretary) got anticipatory bail while Rajesh Gadhawe and Dilip Chaudhari were arrested on May 2. The complaint charges financial irregularities in APMC. The police registered offences under section 420, 406, 408, 34 of IPC.According to the FIR, the scam amounts more than Rs26 lakh. After inquiry, police booked Ujwane as he was prima facie involved in the scam. With the arrest of Ujawane, a known name in the cooperative sector, the political section has been stunned. He was chief of Wardha zilla parishad for 10 years and had also held the post of chairman of education and agriculture committees.Man murders elder brotherA man murdered his elder brother over a trivial issue in Pulgaon on Monday night. Subhash Bele (55) thrashed his brother Kailash (60) on Monday with sticks due to which the latter died. Subhash Bele has been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15395997", "title": "Inter-district robbers' gang busted; 4 held", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Sleuths of Special Operations Group (SOG), on Tuesday, claimed to have busted an inter-district robber's gang and arrested four of its members near Meja railway crossing overbridge when they were plotting to escape from the city. The police have also recovered a looted truck laden with valuables worth Rs 15 lakh from their possession.District police chief, Mohit Aggrawal said \"sleuths of special operation group (SOG) were assigned a special task to nail down a gang of robbers who were involved in looting trucks laden with valuables or articles.\" In the past few months, the police have been receiving inputs that valuables or articles laden on trucks were going disappeared and police were clueless.Acting on specific inputs, police came to know that an inter-district gang was operating in Rai Bareli Lucknow, Sitapur, Faizabad and Allahabad. The police on Tuesday arrested four robbers identified as Mohd Sabir of Khuldabad (Allahabad), Sonu alias Nizamuddin of Jhansi, Badri Prasad of Allahabad and Rehan Ahmed of Kaushambi district.Police have also seized looted valuables including automobile parts, tea packs, toothpaste, jam , surf, garlic paste, mobil oil, fans, electric wires , wipers and tyre-tubes worth Rs 15 lakh which were stolen from different districts/spots. The modus operandi was simple. The members of the gang, posed themselves as passengers, took seats in trucks and later kill truck drivers and cleaners. They, before escaping with truck laden with valuables, used to cover it with a big cloth.The gang members also confessed that they had also looted SUVs after getting duplicate keys from Datia, Reewa, Indore and Jhansi and later sold these SUVs in Bihar , Nagaland and Nepal etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15399938", "title": "Aurangzeb inspired by Trishul", "text": "YRF next is an adaptation of the 1978 film except that Arjun Kapoor plays both Big B's and Shashi Kapoor's roleThe latest on Yash Raj Films' Aurangzeb that goes on floors this month is that it is an adaptation of Yash Chopra's powerful 1978 film Trishul that starred Amitabh Bachchan and Shashi Kapoor. The radical difference being up and coming actor Arjun Kapoor has a double role, where he plays both Bachchan's and brother Shashi Kapoor's character.A source close to the film let spill, \"It definitely looks like an inspired version of Yashji's Trishul . Jackie Shroff plays Sanjeev Kumar's part of a tycoon but in this case, his wife leaves him, taking one of the twins with her. He grows up, bearing resentment toward his father and the business empire, a la Bachchan. The other twin, also portrayed by Arjun Kapoor, looks after the business along with his father, similar to Shashi Kapoor in Trishul . It seems they've turned the role of the tycoon's two sons into a double role.\"However, the mother figure, played by Waheeda Rehman in Trishul , remains central to the dramatic conflict in Aurangzeb. While the actress hasn't been decided yet, \"It would have to be someone as dramatic and volatile as Shabana Azmi but must be able to look 30 as well as 60 since the mother leaves her tycoon-husband with the twin still young in her hand,\" the source hinted.Aurangzeb is set in the Gurgaon business centre near Delhi. \"The film will be shot in and around Delhi. North India has been lucky for Yash Raj. All their recent hits, from Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi to Band Baajaa Baaraat to Ishaqzaade have been shot there.\"YRF spokesperson however denied any likeness between the two films.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15396730", "title": "Narmada river water at 7 feet above danger mark", "text": "BHOPAL: On Tuesday, the Narmada in Hoshangabad was surging at 971 feet, which is seven feet above the danger level. The district administration has been ordered to sound the red alert and evacuate all villages downstream and in the low-lying areas on the banks of the river. Tawa and Betwa were flowing over the bridges with its tributaries in spate.Chief minister said, the state has requested for airforce helicopters for relief work and evacuating villages marooned in districts of Betul and Hoshangabad. The army has been called in to areas threatened by swelling Narmada. All district collectors have been directed to keep the CM's office updated with the latest information in the flood situation and relief operations including distribution of rations .Heavy rains have caused havoc in Hoshangabad district where at least 400 people of a village were stranded. Hoshangabad collector Rajiv Jain got stranded there for some time due to floods. The Regional Meteorological Centre has issued a warning of heavy rains for Indore, Raisen, Hoshangabad, Gwalior, Chambal and Ujjain divisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397696", "title": "Three-day cardiac meeting in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Echo Summit and Cardiological Society of India, Vidarbha Chapter, are hosting a three day 7th Annual Cardiac Imaging and Clinical Cardiology meet ; \"ECHO Nagpur 2012\" from August 10-12 at Hotel Radisson Blu. Eminent international and national speakers like Dr Bijoy K Khanderia (USA), Dr Natesha Pandian (USA), Dr Patricia A. Pellikka, (USA), Dr Partho Sengupta (USA), Dr J C Mohan (New Delhi), Dr C K Ponde, Dr Manish Bansal, Dr Nitin Burkule (Mumbai) will address the conference.Over 300 delegates from across India and abroad have registered for the conference. The will focus on case-based discussion with an opportunity for all delegates to have direct interaction with the faculty. On first day, an exclusive Pre-Conference Workshop on 3D Echo &amp; Speckle Tracking Imaging will be held. This programme is unique for the participants as they will have hands-on experience on advance modalities. An important objective of the conference is early detection and prevention of heart disease using state-of-the-art non-invasive imaging modalities. The inauguration will be held on Aug 11 at 9.20 am.Dr Mahesh Fulwani, Dr Shantanu Sengupta, the programme directors, have appealed to cardiologists, physicians to attend the conference. \"Heart disease is a global problem with no geographic, gender or socio-economic boundaries. Despite the tremendous advances in cardiac care, many patients continue to die or live with significant morbidity. Cardiac imaging forms an important tool in early diagnosis,\" Dr Fulwani told reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15397925", "title": "Traders defy notices, continue with bandh", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: No solution has surfaced over the deadlock between traders and government even as the strike against local body tax (LBT) entered the seventh day. Grocers defied the administration's notices which said that the traders would be slapped with criminal offences if they failed to reopen their shops. Municipal commissioner Prakash Bokad held a meeting with traders' representatives in the afternoon, but failed convince them for withdrawal of bandh.\"Bokad asked how long we intended to continue the strike and tried to convince us to give up, but failed. He said that LBT will not be cancelled and reminded to deposit the LBT by last due date of August 10. He also threatened to initiate action against the traders on failure of timely deposition of LBT,\" president of Chandrapur Chamber of Commerce Harshwardhan Singhvi said.He added that the bandh would continue until some solution is drawn in the meeting with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Wednesday. \"Senior leaders including guardian minister Sanjay Deotale, BJP state president Sudhir Mungantiwar, MLA Nana Shamkule and other elected leaders from Latur and Parbhani will collectively meet the CM with respective delegation of traders. We hope some positive solution will be drawn during this meeting,\" he said.Traders have demanded annulment or a five-year moratorium on the implementation of LBT. However, with pressure building up on traders to back down, they could even settle for a two-year moratorium on LBT. Singhvi claimed that they are optimistic of positive assurance on LBT. The fate of the strike will be decided after the meeting with CM Chavan, he added.Meanwhile, traders have started circulating leaflets in the town, explaining the tyranny of LBT on both traders and citizens. Traders have apologized to citizens for inconvenience and sought their support in the strike. They organized a blood donation camp at at their agitation place in Anand complex during the day and donated 101 bottles of blood.Take in box---The tehsildar has initiated the process to register offence against the grocers defying the administrative notices and continuing with the bandh. District Supply Officer (DSO) Ramesh Bhende had served notices to 98 grocers on Monday evening under Essential Services Maintenance (ESMA) Act-1968, asking them to reopen their establishments by Tuesday afternoon or face criminal charges. However, the trader union defied the directive and continued the strike during the day. \"We are ready to face consequences if the administration registers criminal offences. However, this will only instigate unrest in the agitation that has been peaceful so far,\"said Singhvi. The tehsildar is seeking details about dealers of different grains in the town and he will see that FIRs against them are registered by late night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15396985", "title": "Best brains choose IIM Calcutta to return home", "text": "KOLKATA: At 22, Maharshi Patel authored a novel that took even his two publishers by surprise by selling 5,000 copies and counting. A year later, he decided to trace the footsteps of his protagonist and return to India, the country of his forefathers, live and study here. So here he is, at IIM Calcutta, to do his MBA. The breaks that he gets over the next two years will be spent in Ahmedabad, the place of his origin, though he spent most of his life in the UK and US.Patel is one of the few interesting students who have joined the prestigious institute's flagship postgraduate programme this time after long stints abroad. They are all driven by the love for the country of their roots. They feel that it is time to give back. These students are islands in a sea of engineers who have made a beeline for the MBA programme here, just like other years. The institute is especially happy because this is perhaps the first time that a promising author has decided to come to the campus for an MBA programme.Patel's novel, 'A Tale of Two Indians', was published by Harper Collins and Vantage in India and abroad. It is the story of an India-born NRI who is an alcoholic and suicidal but comes to India to meet his grandfather. This turns out to be a life-changing experience for him. \"I did my schooling in the UK and my graduation from Duke University , US. After spending so many years abroad, I felt that something was missing from my life, perhaps the depth of knowledge and culture that only India can provide. So I decided to take up an MBA programme here to help me connect with my roots,\" Maharshi said.He hopes to continue writing, alongside his MBA programme. However, since he will have a strong grounding in finance in the MBA programme here, he might also take up investment banking as a profession. \"However, writing will remain my passion, though I would not want to bank on it solely as a career at this point of time,\" he said.Teachers are also happy to get Anusha Bhushan in their class. She is an extremely bright student who has completed her graduation in economics from the London School of Economics . Anusha, too, has had a chequered academic career. She attended school till Class X in London and returned to complete her plus-two in Bangalore from where she hails, only to go back and complete her graduation from LSE.Any B-school abroad would have loved to take her, but she chose IIMC because she too wishes to spend a few years in India. \"I have worked in Deutsche Bank in London. After having studied, lived and worked abroad for so many years, it is like homecoming here. I not only wanted to do my MBA in India, but would also love to get placed here. India is a difficult market and it would be challenging to work here,\" says the sprightly young student.There are at least 20 such students who have studied and worked abroad and have joined the PGP programme at IIMC after scoring well in GMAT. They are all driven by the same reason. Another example is Siddhant Singh who has come from Harvard . He could not be contacted, but this young man from Mumbai, too, has a dream firmly entrenched in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon/rohtak", "code": "15397221", "title": "CBI files chargesheet in Apna Ghar case", "text": "GURGAON/ROHTAK: The CBI today filed a charge sheet in a Panchkula court against seven accused in the Rohtak 'Apna Ghar' shelter home case.The charge sheet was filed against Jaswanti Devi, the woman who ran the shelter home, her daughter Sushma alias Simmi, brother Jaswant Singh , son-in-law Jai Bhagwan , cousin Sheela and two other accused Veena and Satish.The investigations against three other accused in the case - former probe officer Bhim Singh Ranga, Harvinder Singh and Dayanand are still on, the Court of Special Magistrate, CBI, Panchkula, Gurvinder Kaur, was informed by the CBI counsel.The charge sheet was filed under various sections of the IPC including 313 (abortion carried out forcibly/without consent), 120-B (conspiracy), 323 (criminal assault), 374 (forcing a person to indulge in labour work unlawfully), 376 (rape) and 506 (criminal intimidation).Ranga, Harvinder and Dayanand have filed bail pleas and CBI has been asked by the Court to give its reply on August 9.On July 18, all the ten accused in the Apna Ghar shelter home case were produced before a Panchkula court after which all of them were remanded in judicial custody.Ranga, a former sub-inspector of Haryana Police who had retired recently, was earlier charged with illegally handing over the case property, including cell phones and laptops, to accused Dayananad.Jaswanti Devi had earlier claimed that she had been framed in the case by some NGOs out of rivalry as her Bharat Vikas Sangh NGO, which ran the Rohtak-based shelter home, had got an award from the state government.The Haryana government had nearly six weeks back recommended a CBI probe into the allegations of sexual abuse and torture, including by police personnel, of the inmates of the Apna Ghar shelter home, following which the premier investigating agency took over the probe.A committee of four advocates, appointed earlier by the Punjab and Haryana High Court here, had apprehended that if the CBI does not take over the case, evidences may be destroyed.The committee had also submitted before the High Court that the head of the now-sealed Apna Ghar, Jaswanti Devi, was an influential and well connected person with links among political and police brass.Inmates of the shelter home were allegedly subjected to sexual abuse, physical and mental exploitation and used as bonded labour.The National Commission for Protection of Child Right had rescued nearly 120 people, including children and women, from the house after carrying out a surprise raid on May 9.The case had hit the national headlines and there had been public outcry over the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396166", "title": "Soon, dedicated force to protect embassies", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will take the first steps towards setting up a diplomatic protection force, which will be responsible for securing Indian missions abroad as well as embassies and missions of foreign countries stationed at home.National Security Advisor ( NSA ) Shivshankar Menon will start the process of establishing such a force by holding a meeting with the chiefs of security agencies, foreign and home secretaries later this week. The initiative is likely to be on the lines of the US' diplomatic security service, which is a unique force of special agents who are law enforcement officials and members of the foreign service all rolled into one.India has a so-called diplomatic security force that functions as part of the Delhi Police and whose primary task is to patrol the diplomatic areas of the national Capital. However, they have no special training in either diplomatic security or to conduct investigations.Increasingly, India's own missions in countries like Afghanistan , Pakistan among others are demanding more specialized security. ITBP personnel guard Indian Embassy and officials in Kabul , while BSF personnel are used to guard other missions.The aim is to create a specialized service that would protect Indian diplomats abroad and foreign diplomats in India.But a diplomatic security force will aim to be more than a service of guards. The US State Department defines its diplomatic security service as \"The Bureau of Diplomatic Security (DS) is the security and law enforcement arm of the US Department of State. DS is a world leader in international investigations, threat analysis, cyber security, counterterrorism, security technology, and protection of people, property, and information.\"India is looking at a specialized force with abilities to deal with new-age threats. The need to create such a force was felt more keenly after an attack on an Israeli diplomat in February in the heart of Lutyen's Delhi, which exposed India's security vulnerabilities, particularly of foreign missions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15398478", "title": "Sweet sale going strong in the city", "text": "MANGALORE: The sales of traditional sweets are robust in the coastal city, contrary to the perception that it is dipping because of increasing consciousness about health among the public. President of the Dakshina Kannada Milk Producer's Cooperative Union Limited ( DKMPCUL) Raviraj Hegde told TOI that the sales of their sweetmeat products like Nandini Mysore pak and peda are not on the decrease.\"At present, we see a slight dip. This is because not many functions take place in the inauspicious aati month,'' he said.The union sells about 150-200 kg of both pak and peda in the peak season, and off season, it is 50% less.The other major sweetmeat seller in the region is Taj Mahal Cafe, whose products like pure ghee wheat halwa and macrons are a hit among people with a sweet tooth.Kudpi Jagadeesh Shenoy, proprietor of the group, said barring a dip in the monsoon , they have not seen any slack in their sweet sale. \"People continue to buy sweets like before. I don't see health fads having any effect on sweet consumption. However, the youth is not into these traditional sweets,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15398000", "title": "Three sewage treatment plants insufficient to carry sewer load", "text": "VARANASI: Sewerage and sanitation in the city remain poor throughout the year but conditions worsen in many low-lying areas like Pilikothi, Adampur, Kajjakpura, Jaitpura, Daranagar and other adjoining localities during the rainy season.The authorities of Jal Kal department claim that cleanliness of sewerage was conducted before the beginning of monsoon. The problem arises due to the lower capacity of sewage treatment plants (STPs).\"There are three STPs in Varanasi at Dinapur, Bhagwanpur and Diesel Locomotive Works (DLW). The total capacity of these plants is around 100 MLD and the total generation of sewage in the city is 250 MLD daily. The STPs cannot carry the rest of the load. Sewage cannot be discharged into the Ganga untreated, backflow is occurring in many low lying areas,\" Jal Kal general manager BK Pandey said.Two STPs with the capacity of 150 MLD have been proposed but construction work cannot be started due to unavailability of land. \"The old sewer lines in many parts of the city are completely damaged and steps are being taken to repair the lines. Localities adjoining old GT road areas like Jaitpura, Kajjakpura, Pilikothi, Jalalipura and others are suffering with the problem of sewage overflow. Work to repair sewer lines had already started,\" he added.The underground sewerage system was established in 1917. During that period, the population of the city was less than two lakhs and the total length of the sewerage cover was 16.52 km. \"At present the sewerage consists of 7.5 km of trunk and 810 branch lines,\" he informed.Due to lack of a proper stormwater drainage system in the city, the load is increasing on sewer lines. A significant part of the city has open drains carrying waste water. During monsoon, the monsoon carry waste water and stormwater putting more pressure on the sewage pumpsShortage of manpower is also hindering the work of Jal Kal department. The department has a staff of 30 employees to look after the sewerage network.These employees were transferred by Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) to Jal Kal in 2008. \"During the cleanliness of sewers, we outsource workers to serve the purpose. Out of a total sanctioned post of 16 junior engineers in Jal Kal, only four are appointed. There is only one assistant engineer supervising the work while eight posts are sanctioned,\" Pandey added.Tubewells to be automatedThe tubewells being operated by Jal Kal in cis-Varuna region will be automated. 106 tubewells of the region will function without manpower. A proper time will be set in the machinery and the tubewell will be switched on and off according to the set timings. Funds for the project have already reached. Jal Nigam will complete the work. It would take around 3 to 4 months for the tubewells to be automated.There are 112 tubewells in the city with a capacity of providing 150 MLD of drinking water each day. A major percentage of drinking water needs are met through tubewells. 45 per cent of drinking water requirement comes from Ganga, 50 per cent of drinking water requirement is met by 112 tubewells.Jal Kal to launch website soonJal Kal department is soon going to launch its official website (). The trouble of standing in long queues to pay water tax and the problem of contacting the authorities to file complaints regarding water and sewage problem may end.General manager BK Pandey said that the demo of the website is ready and it will be launched for public in a week. \"All works like filing public grievances redressal (PGR) and submission of water tax can be performed online. The website will be made user friendly showing information regarding sewage networks, tenders, RTI, contact numbers and other details,\" Pandey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397587", "title": "PIL seeks early completion of port expressway project", "text": "CHENNAI: A public interest writ petition seeking completion of the Rs 1,800-crore 19-km Maduravoyal-Chennai Port elevated corridor without any delay has been filed in the Madras high court.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, before which the PIL of S Balaji of Thiruverkadu came up for admission on Tuesday, has ordered notices to the state and central governments and their agencies.The Chennai Port-Maduravoyal Elevated Corridor Expressway promises improved connectivity between the manufacturing hub in Sriperumbudur and the port by reducing the journey time from three-four hours at present to just 10-15 minutes. The distance also will come down from 30 km to 19 km after the completion of the project.The project, kicked off with a government order on June 22, 2007, came to an halt after the state public works department asked the National Highways Authority of India to stop the work on February 15, 2012. The NHAI's reply on February 17 failed to cut ice with the PWD, which issued an order on March 29 asking to stop construction of the entire elevated project on the ground that there were deviations in road alignment and that it adversely affected the natural course of river Cooum near Chetpet.The petitioner's counsel B Ullasavelan, pointing out that there were several rounds of talks among officials, said further delay in continuing the project would result in cost escalation. The contractor had already staked a huge compensation running to several crores on account of the deadlock, he said.Noting that already Rs 900 crore had been spent on the project, he said the authorities involved in the scheme had 'deliberately failed to discharge their duty' in completing it. Alleging that the state government is not interested in proceeding with the project for certain political reasons, the PIL said the reason cited by the PWD was only a camouflage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15397994", "title": "Onam gift: More fund for mid-day meals", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Realizing that the mid-day meal scheme would not be as effective as envisaged under the existing budget, the government has revised the rates for the programme.\"There were complaints that the funds earmarked are insufficient for providing a healthy meal for students. The rates have been revised so as not to cause much burden on the schools,\" director of public instructions A Shajahan told TOI.As per the existing scheme, schools with up to 100 students get Rs four per student per day, while schools with more than 500 students get Rs five. This has now been revised to Rs five per student per day in schools which have up to 150 students. In addition, Rs 150 would be given per day as cooking charges. For schools with up to 500 students, each child would be given Rs six per day. For those with more than 500 students, Rs five will be given, and Rs six each for the first 500 children.While the government would supply rice through Food Corporation of India, milk will be supplied through Milma. The groceries can be bought from the local Supplyco outlets.\"The revised scheme will come into effect when schools reopen after Onam vacations,\" Shajahan said. The education department has asked the district education officials to make a case study of schools which are implementing the mid-day meal scheme effectively.Since schools have been complaining that they have not been getting the funds on time, the government has released the funds for the scheme till December.Nearly, 12,000 schools in the state including government and government-aided schools come under the mid-day meal scheme. \"Approximately, 27 lakh students from class one to eight reap the benefits,\" Shajahan said.Realising that the mid-day meal scheme would not be as effective as envisaged under the existing budget, the government has revised the rates for the programme.\"There were complaints that the funds earmarked are insufficient for providing a healthy meal for the students. So the rates have been revised so as not to cause much burden over the schools,\" director of public instructions A Shajahan told TOI.The government has already given the money for mid-day meal for the schools for next six months, in advance. According to revised rate fixed for the mid-day meal scheme, the government has earmarked Rs five per student per day in schools which have up to 150 students. In addition, Rs 150 would be given per day as cooking charges.For the schools up to 500 students, each child would be given Rs six per day and those with more than 500 students, Rs five will be given to each child above 500, and Rs six each for first 500 children.According to the existing scheme, the rates are Rs four per student per day for schools with strength up to 100 students and Rs five for schools with more than 500 students.While the government would supply rice through Food Corporation of India (FCI), the milk will be supplied through Milma. The groceries can be bought locally from the Supplyco outlets.\"The revised scheme would come into effect when the schools reopen after Onam vacations,\" Shajahan said. The education department has asked the district education officials to make a case study of the schools which are implementing the noon-meal scheme effectively.Since the schools have been complaining that they were not getting the funds on time, the government has already released the funds for the scheme till December all the schools. 12, 000 schools in the state including government and government-aided schools come under the noon meal scheme. \"Approximately 27 lakh students from class one to eight reap the benefit of the scheme,\" Shajahan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15397053", "title": "Krishnappa's killer may flee the country", "text": "BANGALORE: Police have written to the Regional Passport Office here to check if it has issued a passport to Bethanagere Srinivasa alias Seena, prime suspect in the July 25 murder of zilla panchayat member BEML Krishnappa.Bangalore Rural police suspect Seena may be trying to flee the country.Seena's associate Bande Manja reportedly returned from China 10 days before the Krishnappa murder. Also, firearms used in the killing are said to have been sourced by Hebbat Manja, another notorious rowdy currently holed up in Dubai, police sources said.\"We suspect Seena is trying to escape from the country. Another suspect Bande Manja already has a passport; we want to check if Seena also has one,\" said Bangalore Rural district superintendent of police D Prakash.Police sources indicated Seena and Manja were in constant touch with Hebbat Manja. They said police would issue a look-out notice to all airports once they get details of Seena's passport.A home department source said two more suspects have been taken in for questioning. \"Seena and Manja are believed to be in Kerala,\" the source said.\"We don't now how a rowdy with more than six dacoity and robbery cases in the past seven years got a passport and travelled out of the country with impunity. We're checking if he got his passport under the Tatkal scheme. If an applicant has a criminal background, local police cannot give clearance for issuing a passport,\" a police source said.Police records said Bande Manja introduced Seena to crime. \"Manja was the master and Seena his disciple,\" a top police officer said. The officer said the fact that Manja has a passport shows how these rowdies were ruling the roost with police blessings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15396854", "title": "Raj minister wants Centre's rotten wheat to be supplied in state as fodder", "text": "JAIPUR: Minister of state for relief and disaster management Brijendra Singh Ola on Tuesday demanded that the Centre should supply wheat rotting in government warehouses as fodder in drought-hit Rajasthan.To combat drought that is threatening to affect the entire state, the Ashok Gehlot government is preparing to place several demands before the Centre, including the unusual one that might not be a healthy food for the livestock. According to the Vets, supplying \"rotten\" wheat as fodder might not be a wise decision as it could adversely affect the animals' health.The minister, however, defended the decision. \"We are asking for wheat that is unfit for human consumption but which can be fed to the cattle. Farmers have been mixing such wheat with hay for their animals since ages,\" Ola told TOI on Tuesday.The Vets, however, suggested that the state needs to go cautiously before seeking rotten wheat for the livestock. \"Before supplying it to the cattle, the wheat samples should be tested in laboratories. Due to humid conditions, a number of viruses, pests and insects grow in wheat and some of them are extremely harmful for animals,\" said Sahil Singhal, vice-president of 'People for Animals', an NGO.Coincidently, the state government is also launching free medicine scheme for the cattle from August 15.At a meeting of the state disaster management board held on July 30, several decisions were taken to fight the drought conditions looming on the state that has had nearly 85% deficit rain this monsoon. The state government has already declared drought in five districts -- Jodhpur, Nagaur, Barmer, Bikaner and Jaisalmer. Similar situations are prevailing in 28 of the 33 districts.As relief assistance from the Centre, the state has also decided to seek wheat as daily wage for the MGNREGS workers. \"The chief minister will shortly be writing to the Centre to ask that the employment days under the MGNREGS be doubled to 200 and also go back to the old system of giving half cash and half wheat as wages,\" Ola said.Other decisions taken at the board meeting included urging the Centre to provide free transport of fodder and water to the drought-affected districts through trains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "15395817", "title": "Black money protest apolitical, says Baba Ramdev", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Yoga guru Baba Ramdev on Tuesday said he has no political agenda behind launching his indefinite protest against black money from Thursday at Delhi's Ramlila Maidan even as he distanced himself from Team Anna's decision to join politics.Addressing media persons after visiting Sardar Patel's ancestral house in Karamsad town of Anand district, Ramdev said he expected a huge crowd at the Ramlila Maidan, where he plans to hold an indefinite fast.He has been camping at Santram temple in Karamsad since three days.\"My agenda is to save the country and democracy by eradicating corruption and bringing back black money,\" he said, claiming that corruption worth Rs 4,500 lakh crore has happened in the country.\" 2G scam , CWG scam, Adarsh scam-there is a long list of scams on government's notebook. From peons to bureaucrats - everybody wants money. We have to make sure they don't continue this anymore,\" he said.The yoga guru, however, refused to comment on the Team Anna's decision to take a political plunge. \"I have no comments on the whole politicization of the agitation which has happened. I am not a part of that. Anna himself disbanded the team after consultations. Now what is their decision, you (media) ask them,\" he said.Asked whether the anti-graft crusader will participate in his agitation, he said Hazare has said several times that he will attend. \"Anna Hazare will always be there. He will be there with me during my agitation. We will work together to bring Lokpal,\" he said.\"If we have Lokpal, 90 percent of the poverty will be removed from our country,\" he said but maintained that Lokpal by itself would not solve all issues.Ramdev went on to slam the government, saying the country did not have strong laws or a strong prime minister. He also slammed the CBI for being a puppet in the hands of the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15398386", "title": "Kerala cabinet to discuss disaster report today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state cabinet will discuss a report on the landslides in Kannur and Kozhikode, and relief measures that have to be taken, a top official said on Tuesday.The report was compiled by Kerala Disaster Management Authority with inputs from collectors of the affected districts. The report was forwarded to chief minister Oommen Chandy , with a proposal for granting immediate relief to the victims.\"The district collectors' report from both the districts have been compiled and sent to the government. It will be put up for discussion during the cabinet meeting on Wednesday and Thursday,\" revenue principal secretary K B Valsala Kumari told TOI on Tuesday.According to the Disaster Response Fund rules, disaster relief are allocated under 21 heads, which include Rs 1.5 lakh for the kin of the deceased, Rs 1 lakh for those who lack shelter, Rs 35,000 for property loss at the rate of Rs 6,000 per hectare for farm loss.Earlier, a 35-member team from National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) assisted rescue efforts in Kozhikode. \"Following reports that a child had drowned in Iritty, an NDRF team rushed to Kannur on Tuesday to evacuate families from the banks of Valapattanam River before opening the shutters of Pazhassi dam,\" KDMA officials said.\"With heavy rains and substantial inflow into the reservoir in Kannur, multi-pronged disaster control measures are coordinated relief and rescue efforts are needed. We have asked National Remote Sensing Agency to deploy the Radar Imaging Satellite for surveillance,\" said head of Hazard Vulnerability Risk Assessment Cell Sekhar Kuriakose.KDMA has asked the Centre's help for forming a state-level disaster response force. NDMA officials and chief secretary K Jayakumar will meet on August 9 to discuss this matter. Ministers Adoor Prakash and P J Joseph will visit the affected areas, KDMA officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15396500", "title": "Inquiry commission livid at Narayan Sai's no-show", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Tuesday, Justice (retired) D K Trivedi was infuriated by Asaram's son \u2014 Narayan Sai \u2014not appearing before the inquiry commission despite having been summoned on several occasions.This one-member commission is probing the mysterious death of two kids - Dipesh and Abhishek Waghela, who disappeared from the Motera Gurukul, which is run by Asaram in July 2008. Their bodies were found a couple of days later near the Sabarmati riverbed.In Sai's absence, the officer bearer of Asaram ashram tendered an application before Justice Trivedi commission seeking another date for him to appear and depose. Considering that Sai and his father Asaram have not been appearing before the fact-finding panel for over a year now, the judge commented, \"Nobody is serious in this case.\"Taking serious objection at the disregard shown to the summons, the judge even told the ashram's office bearers that Sai must not forget that this is an inquiry commission and he must not behave as if it was his ashram. On tendering the application for adjournment, the presiding officer said the application was required to be tendered by Sai himself, after appearing, to the inquiry panel.The ashram office bearers sought adjournment on the grounds that according to the commission's earlier order, Asaram and Sai were expected to depose after depositions by all sadhaks were over. The application stated that Prakash Saxena, a sadhak, was yet to be examined. However, he is not keeping well and has been admitted to a hospital in Modasa.The commission later marked August 13 to 16 for the deposition of Saxena and August 20 for Sai's deposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15398460", "title": "Officials pulled up at Belgaum TP meet", "text": "HUBLI: Officials from the agriculture, animal husbandry and women and child development departments came in for severe criticism during the monthly general body meeting chaired by the district in-charge minister Umesh Katti.Members of the Belgaum taluk panchayat alleged that the DWCD were least bothered about the maintenance of Anganwadi buildings which were in a pathetic condition.Agriculture department officials were slammed for failing to check the quality and price of fertilizers and irrigation pumpsets sold at several shops. Responding to the allegations, the officials asked the members to provide them the names of such shops and assured that strict action would be initiated against the shops. Members also alleged that the officials of animal husbandry department were not prompt in delivering their duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396026", "title": "Man stabs wife to death", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 26-year-old man murdered his wife when she nagged him to buy her property, police said. The accused, Dipak, allegedly stabbed his wife, Radha, 23, on Tuesday morning. Dipak worked at a leather firm and was staying at Burari in north Delhi.The neighbours, who were alerted by the woman's shrieks, caught hold of Dipak and handed him over to police. Police said the couple got married two and a half years ago. Their relations were strained and they argued constantly. Things came to a head when Radha asked him to buy her property where she could open a beauty parlour. They had an argument again on Tuesday, when Dipak stabbed her to death,\" said Sindhu Pillai, DCP (north).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397560", "title": "Information on toll collection to be displayed at 30 plazas", "text": "PUNE: In the wake of allegations that there is no transparency in collection of toll to recover the cost of construction of roads, the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation has decided to display LED-based public information boards at 30 toll plazas in the state.The information boards will give details of day-to-day collection and the overall toll collection. The MSRDC aims at completing the project in three months once the agencies are selected for putting up the boards.A senior official said the objective of the project is to disseminate information to the people about toll collection.\"The first phase is a pilot project. Initially, the corporation will display the boards in cities where the MSRDC has completed integrated road development projects. These cities include Baramati, Solapur and Nagpur. The first phase will not include the Pune-Mumbai expressway. Depending on the success of the first phase, work on the second phase will be undertaken,\" officials said.The information about toll collection at the 30 toll plazas will be linked to the information technology coordination centre of the public works department in Pune as well as the MSRDC. This information will also be available online, the officials said.The MSRDC has already been displaying information about the annual toll collection on various roads and the expressway on its official website.Meanwhile, the state public works department has installed information boards about toll collection at two places on the Pune-Aurangabad-Jalna road.Last month, MNS president Raj Thackeray had launched an agitation against collection of toll and had asked people not to pay toll. The MNS has demanded that there should be transparency in toll collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15398131", "title": "Villagers attack excise officials in Ganjam", "text": "BERHAMPUR: At least five excise personnel were injured, one of them seriously, when villagers of Rajapur in Ganjam's Patapur police station area allegedly attacked them on Tuesday morning. Besides, the villagers allegedly damaged the vehicle in which there were nine officials. They also allegedly abducted two excise officials, who were later rescued by police. The injured persons, all excise constables, have been admitted to MKCG Medical College and Hospital here after preliminary treatment at a hospital at Pudamari.Sources said villagers attacked the excise officials after they caught a person on charges of ganja smuggling. Another youth, who was accompanying him, ran away from the spot and informed villagers of the incident, an excise official said. \"The villagers attacked our staff when they were camping near the village,\" said Ganjam excise superintendent B N Dhal. \"The situation in the village is normal now. No arrest has been made,\" IIC of Patapur K C Sethi said.Meanwhile, excise officials have seized around two quintals of ganja from Narayani Chowk in the district and arrested two persons. The contraband was being transported from Koraput to Khurda in a car. The arrested persons are Satyananda Swain of Koraput and Ganesh Chandra Behera of Sonapeta of Nayagarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396179", "title": "Triple treat for commuters on BEST anniversary", "text": "MUMBAI: As part of BEST Day celebrations on Tuesday, the undertaking officially launched three services-'cashless travel' facility, bus arrival information through SMSs and the Rs 150 daily pass for AC bus commuters.\"It is a historic day for us,\" said BEST committee chairperson Ashok Patil launched the cashless cards at Wadala depot on Tuesday morning. \"We have finally given Mumbaikars the cashless travel facility.For years, passengers have been complaining of conductors not tendering loose change for tickets. Now you need not carry cash at allJust buy the RFID card and top it up with a certain amount. Use it to buy tickets for any journey or any class of bus (ordinary, express, fast corridor or AC).\"From Wednesday onwards, the new SMS facility will be made available, using which one can find out the expected time of arrival of the next AC bus at a particular stop, he added. \"All you have to do is send an SMS with bus stop code (see box). Information will also be available on www.bestpis.in. Details of bus stop codes will soon be made available on the BEST website,\" he stated.This GPS-enabled service will initially be provided for the 272 AC King Long buses plying in Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai. It will be launched for the 4,400 ordinary buses by March 2013.The BEST has also installed 1,000 LCD screens in the buses and using GPS service, it plans to make announcements of \"the next bus stop\" on the screens.\"We have made audio-visual screens for every bus stop. In future, passengers will know in advance when their stop will arrive and will not have to ask conductors to alert them,\" an official said.The GPS system can also be used to get real-time location of buses and divert them in case of emergencies like floods, blasts, etc.\"Using the Rs 150 daily pass, also launched on Tuesday, for AC bus passengers, one is entitled to unlimited journeys in AC buses (and also non-AC buses) throughout the day,\" Patil said.BEST public relations officer N A Walavalkar said, the \"cashless\" service was officially launched at Wadala depot and there was a good response.\"The cashless service will be run on an experimental basis for the next 10 to 12 days before being gradually implemented at all the 25 bus depots.\"New facilities offered by BESTCashless Commute:Buy an RFID card at the depot for Rs 20. The card will serve as an ID card with a photograph. It takes three to four days for the card to be prepared and delivered. It can be either used for buying daily bus pass or can be simply topped up with a certain amount. While travelling, just hand over the card to the conductor, who will flash it on the handheld machine to generate a ticket after deducting money.Just ensure there is enough money in the card.Commuters who have recently bought ID cards for daily passes can use the same.Rs 150 daily pass:With the Rs 150 daily pass, a passenger is entitled to unlimited journey in AC King Long buses (and also non AC buses) throughout the day and on any route.It will help tourists, especially foreign nationals, for touring the city. Though an ID card is mandatory at present, the BEST plans to exempt foreign nationals from this clause and instead seek passports as proofs of identity.Where is my bus?Type BEST followed by space, then type the bus stop's five-digit code, and send the message to 56060. Within seconds, an SMS with the necessary information will arrive on your mobile. The information will also be available on to www.bestpis.in.Next stop announcement:On the lines of suburban train, BEST will soon make announcements in the bus informing commuters of the next stop arriving. The BEST has installed 1,000 LCD screens in its buses.Using the GPS service, the name of the next bus stop will be flashed on the screen and also announced. The service will be launched in the coming weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15398585", "title": "Freshers have exciting day at Patna University colleges", "text": "PATNA: It was a lifetime's experience for most boys and girls who turned up at the two colleges of Patna University (PU), namely Patna College and B N College, on Tuesday to attend their maiden classes. The first-year classes of three-year degree courses in arts and science streams commenced on the day.As the newly-admitted boys and girls got ready to spend their first day in Patna College, excitement was writ large on their faces. They wanted to enjoy and explore every moment and opportunity on the 150-year-old campus. They all were going to be a part of the glorious tradition of the oldest institution of higher education in the state.Madhumita, on way to her college, was barely able to contain her excitement, \"I'm very excited. All of us know how life changing these years could be. I hope the first day is as great an experience as I've imagined it to be.\" It's indeed important that the first day is 'a great experience', said Amit, adding, \"The first day in college is going to come only once in your life, so it has to be special.\"For many who had directly joined the colleges after doing their Plus Two from schools, there was a distinct change in the method of classroom teaching as they had to move from one class to the other for the lectures. They had more freedom as compared to their schools and they really enjoyed the leisure in between the classes.Some students had turned up at their colleges along with their guardians so that they did not experience any inconvenience in locating their classrooms. Hordes of students were seen noting down the timetable displayed at different departments. Some students did experience difficulty in locating various departments.College authorities had taken all precautionary measures to check any incidence of ragging of \"juniors\" by their \"seniors\". Members of the anti-ragging squad kept constant vigil on the movement of students in and around the campus, said Patna College sociology teacher, Randhir Kumar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15397668", "title": "'Jharia students to be protected from underground fire'", "text": "SINDRI: Students of RSP College Jharia cannot be left unprotected indefinitely at the mercy of the Bharat Cocking Coal Limited (BCCL) management and the Dhanbad district administration, vice-chancellor of Vinoba Bhave University (VBU) Hazaribag R N Bhagat said while calling upon the company management and the authorities to solve the problem of the college in a time-bound manner.Talking to newspersons here on the sidelines of an induction meet of new students of BIT Sindri on Monday, the VC said as per the information available, underground fire was moving rapidly towards the college building and the BCCL has declared the area unsafe and has requested to shift the college building to a safer place.\"If the college has to be shifted, both the BCCL management and the Dhanbad district administration should arrange for land and the college building by the time the underground fire is expected to reach college building,\" he said and called upon the intervention of the state government to settle the issue at the earliest.On the dearth of faculty members and infrastructure on college campuses under VBU, the VC admitted that shortage of teachers was the most serious problem the university was facing and that majority of the colleges of the university were lacking facilities befitting of a seat of higher learning. \"We have apprised the state government of the problems afflicting the university and its colleges several times but of no avail.\" Expressing concern over the inordinate delay in finalizing recruitment procedures including roster clearance, the VC said the higher education did not seem to be on the priority list of the government.According to him, nearly 250 posts of teacher of a sanctioned strength of 850 were lying vacant in the university. Nearly 93 teachers and non-teaching staff will retire in 2013.The CBI is investigating into the alleged irregularities in appointment of college teachers and has sought details of teachers appointed in 2008; the university will lose 176 teachers if the CBI submits any adverse report in the court, he said.\"If the state government is serious in improving the condition of higher education, it should ensure appointment of teachers before the CBI submits its report. The state government will have to come forward and extend a helping hand to improve the infrastructure and other facilities on the campuses,\" the VC said.Earlier addressing the induction meet of new students of BIT Sindri, Bhagat congratulated them for getting admitted to one of the best engineering colleges of the nation and called upon them to come out of the institute as a good engineer fully equipped with moral and human values. Institute director S K Singh exhorted the students to excel in every walk of their life by combining dreams with determination and action. The will and determination to change the situation will certainly bear fruits; he opined and assured them of a good academic environment on the campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15401258", "title": "5 factors that helped Cognizant beat Infosys", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "15396738", "title": "CBI files chargesheet in Rohtak home case", "text": "PANCHKULA: Girls at Rohtak home, Apna Ghar, were raped, dragged into prostitution, treated like bonded labourers and underwent forced abortions, the CBI said in a chargesheet filed in court on Tuesday.The CBI named Jaswanti Devi, secretary of NGO Bharat Vikas Sangh which runs Apna Ghar, and six of her associates as accused in the case. The 27-page chargesheet was filed before special CBI magistrate Nazar Singh.A National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) team raided the Rohtak shelter home in May. The Punjab and Haryana high court set up a probe panel after the raid. The panel asked the court to hand over the probe to an independent agency like the CBI for a thorough and fair probe.Besides Jaswanti, the CBI named her daughter Sushma alias Simmi, son-in-law Jai Bhagwan , brother Jaswant Singh , driver Satish and his sister Sheela and Apna Ghar counsellor Veena Rani in the chargesheet.The CBI has documented the plight of four victims who were raped, assaulted and forced to work as farm labourers.\"Investigations have established sexual exploitation, rape, abortion without consent, outraging modesty, assault and other offences,\" the chargesheet said.The CBI charged the seven accused for forcing inmates into prostitution, sexual abuse, bonded labour, physical assault and forced abortion.The youngest victim is a 10-year-old girl, among the first to complain of torture and sexual abuse at Apna Ghar. Her statement helped CBI investigators track down those who allegedly bought children from the shelter home. According to the chargesheet, the children were sold by Veena Rani.\"We will file a supplementary chargesheet later,\" said Labh Singh, CBI counsel.One of the rape victims assaulted several times by Jaswanti, Sheela and Simmi told CBI investigators that two inmates had died after they were beaten. Jaswanti and others also assaulted a pregnant woman who died later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15398730", "title": "Signature campaign for Assamese script", "text": "GUWAHATI: Guwahati-based voluntary organization Hitakalpa and writers from the city have initiated a statewide signature campaign and vowed to take their mission to every corner of the state to unite the people of Assam for intensifying the movement to get the Centre to recognize the Assamese script.The organization appealed to leading organizations of the state - Asom Sahitya Sabha, All Assam Students' Union and the Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuba Chatra Parishad - to join in a united fight for the cause.\"The Assamese script has a 1,500-year-old independent history and it is our legitimate demand that the Centre recognize the uniqueness of our script. The Assamese script was used in the ancient kingdom of Kamarupa, which included parts of Bihar , Bengal and other northeastern states,\" writer and pastor of the Guwahati Baptist Church, Azizul Haque, told mediapersons here on Tuesday.He lamented that despite its glorious past, the Centre is yet to recognize the Assamese script. Azizul Haque and researcher Satyakam Phukan also claimed before the Unicode Consortium a separate slot for the Assamese script in the Unicode Standard, after which the Consortium wrote to the Centre seeking a reply on the distinctiveness of the Assamese script.Since the Centre has not yet recognized the Assamese script, the Unicode Standard says that the Bengali script is used to write Assamese in Assam, which many Assamese writers and researchers have objected to recently. \"Non-recognition of the Assamese script by the Centre has turned out to be a hindrance in popularizing the Assamese language globally,\" Haque added.The Union ministry of communication and information technology in June sought a justification from the state government on the legitimacy of the demand for a separate slot for the Assamese script in the Unicode Standard, after the matter reached the Unicode consortium.The Unicode Consortium is a non-governmental body with headquarters in the US and has standardized and maintains a Universal Character Set (UCS), which defines, in one place, all the characters needed for writing the majority of living languages in the world on computers.\"Unless the Centre recognizes the Assamese script, the Unicode Consortium will not allot a separate range or slot for the Assamese script,\" said Haque.He also expressed dissatisfaction saying that the state cultural affairs department sent a self-contradictory reply to the Centre on the legitimacy of the Assamese script to get a separate slot in the Unicode standard. \"The state cultural affairs department failed to press on the demand of a separate slot for the Assamese scripts,\" Haque said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15398089", "title": "Fire in US mosque, arson suspected", "text": "WASHINGTON: A day after the tragic shooting incident at a gurdwara, a mosque in the US was burned to the ground for the second time in little more than a month in a suspected arson attack.The FBI said the Islamic Centre of Joplin in Missouri was gutted down to the ground on Monday. The centre was vacant at the time of the fire and no individuals sustained any injuries.The FBI, in conjunction with the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms, and explosives ( ATF), the Jasper county sheriff 's department, and the Missouri department of fire safety are currently investigating and providing significant resources to determine the cause of the fire.\"If this fire is determined to be deliberate in nature, it will be investigated to the fullest extent possible,\" said FBI special agent in charge Michael Kaste. \"Any act of violence to a house of worship is taken very seriously by law enforcement and threatens the very core of the safety and security that our communities enjoy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397532", "title": "Surveillance experts say Pune can't fix CCTV cameras &amp; forget upkeep", "text": "PUNE: Nearly 1,000 closed circuit television (CCTV) cameras in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad would not address security concerns unless there is \"non-stop, flawless operation of these cameras,\" experts said. Maintenance of CCTV cameras after installation is vital, they added.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Sunday had announced Rs 30 crore for the installation of 1,000 cameras following the August 1 serial blasts on Jangli Maharaj Road. A centralised monitoring system will be set up to watch the footage and to control these cameras.\"There is a CCTV camera network in the city. It is limited, but can augment surveillance. However, the authorities have not paid attention to the system. If the same negligence is displayed after implementing the new project, then the funds will go waste,\" said an expert, requesting anonymity.This expert has worked with the previous CCTV camera project undertaken by the civic administration. He said lack of trained manpower to keep it going would be a problem post installation.Among them would be a back-up system to keep the cameras running for a longer period in case of a power failure. A power back-up is a must if the cameras have to run 24X7, he added.\"Internet connectivity speed is important to transfer CCTV data. If the speed is high, the quality of the data is better,\" said Firoz Ayub Shaikh, another surveillance expert.If the speed was not up to the mark, buffering of the picture would take time. The load on the system increases and would affect the picture quality, he said.Data storage should of high quality for outdoor CCTV network. The data of video files that will be generated will be very high so there should be ample storage capacity.A proposal to install an internet protocol (IP) surveillance system discussed two years ago is awaiting the state government's approval. The proposal comprised installation of 302 pan-tilt-zoom and box-type cameras, at 100 strategic locations in the city.The 24x7 CCTV system was meant to help maintain law and order, detect and prevent crime and control vehicular traffic. Named as 'modern traffic control with internet protocol surveillance system' or the IP surveillance system, it was a digitized, networked version of the CCTV system. In an IP surveillance system, a camera records video footage and the resulting content is distributed over an internet protocol network.In 2010, senior police officers from the traffic department carried out a survey during which 100 spots were identified where 302 CCTV cameras were to be installed. The footage from these cameras was to be transmitted to the traffic control and the main control room in Pune police commissionerate. The system was to be installed at an estimated cost of Rs 12 crore.The Pune Municipal Corporation recently made operational its 'flood survival system'. It has installed 18 cameras to monitor waterlogging in the main areas of the city. A central system headquartered in Shivajinagar will monitor the network. Also, flood-monitoring systems have been set up at several ward offices. The cameras have been put up in Kothrud, Tilak Road, Sangamwadi, Alka theatre and Aundh areas.\"The system is very useful. The data is exchanged through an internet network,\" said Ganesh Sonune, the civic official in charge of the disaster management cell at the civic body. \"If the internet network is strong, then getting a proper picture becomes possible. Special attention should be paid to internet network while installing the 1000 new cameras,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15396172", "title": "Palace caretakers finally apply for Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation nod", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time, after months, the caretakers of the Moti Shahi Mahal in Shahibaug have owned up to their illegal construction. They have now sheepishly applied for a construction permission before the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC). It's a pity that Rs 17 crore of taxpayer's money from the central government was being spent on illegal construction in a memorial dedicated to Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. The palace in which the memorial is housed today was one of the first structures built by Mughal emperor Shah Jahan.\"We would reject the application made by Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS) as it does not have any layout plan or a qualified structural engineer's guarantee on structural stability of all the construction they have made so far. If the property belongs to the state government we will also need an NOC from the state government allowing such construction,\" says a senior AMC official.The list of permissions according to the official goes even further. \"Any addition to the FSI to the existing space would require a legal standing. The society has created more commercial space - protruding from the basement of the palace towards the Sabarmati river, for which they do not have an explanation. They have not taken permission from the Lift or Elevator Inspector of Gujarat. The society has not submitted documents with their application and in that respect we will have to reject their application,\" adds the official. Besides, documents pertaining to zoning and the Airports Authority of India (AAI) are also required.An important point the officer made was that the heritage conservation committee (HCC) can recommend to the municipal commissioner that the building be listed as 'protected'.\"Today, only 12,500 private havelis in the walled city which were listed by a French team of experts, privately for their own study, in 2001 are 'protected'. This is just a reference list for AMC. The HCC is being constituted to prepare an official inventory of heritage buildings of Ahmedabad, with jurisdiction over all AMC and AUDA areas. Tenders for preparing this list will be issued shortly. The HCC can always recommend to the municipal commissioner to issue stay orders for construction at the palace as it is a 400 year-old-building,\" adds the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396545", "title": "TDP corporator 'threatens' butchers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mangalhat corporator T Raja Singh has reportedly threatened to create trouble for butchers who bring in cattle for slaughter during Eid Al-Adha in October. The controversial corporator, in a message posted to his Facebook wall, said the butcher community should be prepared for the arrival of Gow Raksha Dal from Punjab which would prevent slaughter of animals during the festival. The Punjab's force is reportedly being invited by Singh's Ram Yuva Sena.Given the record of his alleged involvement in several cases of communal violence in the past, city police said he would be under watch.\"We will track down every potential troublemaker in and around the city during the festival time,\" a senior police officer said. However, the police have so far not taken action against the incitive post so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397411", "title": "BSP protests against renaming of Ambedkar Green Garden", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bahujan Samaj Party workers led by their leaders on Tuesday held a demonstration against chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's alleged move to rename the Bhimrao Ambedkar Green Garden as Janeshwar Mishra Park. The park is spread over 367 acre land at Vyom Khand in Gomtinagar.Led by party general secretaries Swami Prasad Maurya and Naseemuddin Siddiqui, BSP workers carrying placards sat on a dharna at the Ambedkar Park and raised slogans that they will not tolerate 'insult' of dalit icon Babasaheb Ambedkar. The protesters, however, said they were not against socialist thinker Janeshwar Mishra and added that if the Samajwadi Party government wants, it can build a park in his name anywhere in the city. However, they said, renaming the park already in the name of Ambedkar is wrong. The state government has also renamed or scrapped schemes, institutions and districts named after dalit icons, they said. Such an act will not be tolerated and protests will continue till the name of the park is restored, they added.The site was selected by the previous Mayawati government for Bhimrao Ambedkar Harit Park. But state assembly elections were announced before the BSP government could issue an order in this regard. Nevertheless, some officers loyal to the BSP government had put up a signboard on the said site naming it as Bhimrao Ambedkar Green Garden. The SP government has now picked up the site to develop a park in Janeshwar Mishra's name. Officials of the Lucknow Development Authority has pulled down the signboard with Bhimrao Ambedkar's name and installed a new board having Janeshwar Mishra's name to please the SP regime. The park will have plantation, public utility services, cycle and walking tracks and water bodies.However, rubbishing allegations of BSP leaders, SP spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary later said, \"Mayawati government had grabbed huge pieces of lands for its personal use. There were also many individual leaders who made easy money by grabbing government land. All their misdeeds will be probed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15400852", "title": "Romney Hood vs Obamaloney: Contenders enrich political lexicon", "text": "WASHINGTON: White House hopeful Mitt Romney has hit back at Barack Obama's 'Robin Hood in reverse' jibe, terming the President's attacks at him as false and contemptible 'Obamaloney'.As the US presidential campaign peaks three months away from elections, it is sliding deeper into nasty terrain, with personal attacks increasing by the day.The latest exchange between the incumbent and the challenger saw two new terms enter the American political lexicon.A day after Obama used the term 'Romney Hood' to describe his Republican rival's tax plans, that would take away from the poor and enrich the already rich, in reverse Robin Hood fashion, Romney coined his own term to describe as nonsense the President's increasing attacks at him - 'Obamaloney'.Accusing Obama of making things up, Romney said the trend was \"Hypocritical. Contemptible. Dishonest. Obamaloney\".\"We have been watching the President say a lot of things about me and my policies - and they're just not right. And if I were to coin a term, it would be 'Obamaloney. He is serving up a dish that is in contradiction to the truth,\" Romney told Fox News.\"The rhetoric, charges and counter-charges flew fast and thick as the presidential election campaign continued on its sharply negative trajectory,\" the CNN said, referring to the blame game from both the campaigns.At a campaign event in Illinois, Romney told his audience to look at the performance of the US president.\"If you want to know where President Obama's re-election would take us, you can simply look at his performance over the last 3 1/2 years,\" he said.Romney launched an aggressive attack on Obama's economic platform, accusing the administration of \"gutting\" the bipartisan welfare reforms championed by former President Bill Clinton 16 years ago.The ad campaign said welfare changes by the administration would \"gut welfare reform by dropping work requirements\".\"Under Obama's plan, you wouldn't have to work and wouldn't have to train for a job. They just send you your welfare check,\" the announcer says.The advertisement was denounced by the White House as well as by Bill Clinton.\"This advertisement is categorically false, and it is blatantly dishonest. This administration's policy will strengthen the programme by giving states the opportunity to employ more effective ways to help people get off welfare and into a job,\" White House Press Secretary, Jay Carney, told reporters at his daily news conference.In a late night statement, Clinton said that the claims being made by Romney were not true and the ad was misleading.\"Governor Romney released an ad today alleging that the Obama administration had weakened the work requirements of the 1996 Welfare Reform Act. That is not true,\" he said.\"The Romney ad is especially disappointing because, as governor of Massachusetts, he requested changes in the welfare reform laws that could have eliminated time limits altogether.\"We need a bipartisan consensus to continue to help people move from welfare to work even during these hard times, not more misleading campaign ads,\" Clinton said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "guwahati/kokrajhar", "code": "15398637", "title": "Assam asks CBI to probe ethnic riots", "text": "GUWAHATI/KOKRAJHAR: The state government on Tuesday formally approached the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to investigate the ethnic riots in lower Assam and find out whether \"external forces\" were behind the violence, which resumed after an 11-day lull, following the killing of three more people in Kokrajhar district and recovery of one body in Chirang over the last 24 hours.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi said violence toll has touched 73 with the fresh killings and recovery of more bodies over the past one week. \"We still have more missing persons,\" he added. Apart from the deaths in violence, 15 others, including seven children, have died of ill health at different relief camps.The fresh killings occurred in Kokrajhar, hours after an all-party and organizational meeting was held at Kokrajhar DC's office on Monday, to bring back peace and normalcy in the district. Three persons were killed and two others injured when unidentified miscreants opened fire, targeting a group of people belonging to the minority community at Ranighuli, along the Kokrajhar-Dhubri district border, at 10 pm on Monday.Saying that the government is worried over the return of violence in lower Assam, chief minister Tarun Gogoi gave all powers, except policy making, to chief secretary NK Das, with instructions to seize all arms in BTAD areas. \"We cannot allow the situation to deteriorate further.\"The state government's formal request to CBI to probe the clash came after Union home secretary RK Singh said in New Delhi on Monday that \"external forces\" might be igniting the clash and the CBI probe is required provided the state government asks for it.\"In fact, I wanted a CBI inquiry on the very first day, but then home minister (P Chidambaram) had some reservations about handing over the probe to the CBI,\" said Gogoi. He added, \"We suspect the involvement of several forces in the clash and want the CBI to get to the bottom. External forces have always been here to disturb peace in the state and it is difficult to identify these elements. And, the internal forces do not want the inmates of relief camps to return to homes. I have also asked police to find out if the NDFB is at all involved.\"On Saturday, the NDFB (Progressive) had issued a statement asking non-tribals not to return to BTC area.Police said armed miscreants fired at a group of people at Ranighuli village, killing Hasinur Sheik, Safiel Sheik and Safidul Ali on the spot. The injured have been admitted to Lakhiganj hospital. On the other hand, another body, suspected to be of a person from the minority community, was found in a paddy field at Amguri in the Rajpara area of Bijni sub-division of Chirang district.The three bodies were taken to Dhubri but irate people of the minority community blocked NH-31 at Beltoli near Bilasipara with the corpses, forcing police to wield batons and fire tear-gas shells. One person was injured in police firing.Meanwhile, the additional district magistrate of Kokrajhar has imposed curfew in the district from 9 am until further orders from Tuesday. Kokrajhar town wore a deserted look as there is no movement of vehicle or persons. However, NH 31-C has been exempted from the curfew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15397949", "title": "Role of women in agriculture highlighted", "text": "VARANASI: A seminar on 'Model women parliament on addressing agricultural workers concerns' was under the aegis of Yuva Gramya Vikas Samiti, Varanasi, Youth for Action, Hyderabad and department of social work, Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKV) on Tuesday.Chipko Movement leader Padma Vibushan Chandi Prasad Bhatt said that women played a major role in agricultural sector, but they were not given the status of farmers. YFA president E Venkatramayya said that many countries had formulated satellite account to identify the contribution of men and women in different fields. India should also develop such account.The programme was presided over by the director of Nehru Study Centre Satish Rai. As many as six women were felicitated for their outstanding works in different fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396516", "title": "Mental patients included in BPL health scheme", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the maiden endorsement of India's swelling burden of patients suffering from mental disorders, the Union health ministry has included it under the Rashtriya Arogya Nidhi (RAN) \u2014 the scheme that till now provided financial assistance to only below poverty line (BPL) patients, who are suffering from major life-threatening diseases.All BPL patients suffering from mental disorders like depression, anxiety, adjustment and personality disorders, alcohol and drug abuse will get a free one-time grant of up to Rs 1 lakh for treatment at any super-specialty government hospital/institutes.The ministry has also included diabetes \u2014 an ailment that presently affects nearly 50 million Indians under RAN. A note prepared by the ministry says, \"7% of population suffers from mental disorders. Around 13 crore Indians are suffering from some form of mental illness \u2014 from depression and anxiety syndromes to psychosomatic disorders and schizophrenia. Over 90% remain untreated. There is less than one psychiatrist is available for every four lakh population. The psychiatrist/ population ratio is one for every million.\"For providing financial assistance to the needy patients, an advance of Rs 10 lakh to Rs 40 lakh are kept with medical superintendents of institutes like the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, RML Hospital, Safdarjung Hospital, Lady Hardinge Medical College (Delhi), PGIMER (Chandigarh), JIPMER (Puducherry), NIMHANS (Bangalore), CNCI (Kolkata), SGPGIMS (Lucknow), Gandhi Memorial and Associated Hospitals (Lucknow), RIMS (Imphal) and NEIGRIHMS (Shillong) to enable immediate sanction of an amount up to Rs 1 lakh in each deserving case reporting for treatment.In cases where the quantum of financial assistance is likely to exceed Rs 1.5 lakh, they will be referred to RAN for consideration, which will be looked into by an expert panel.With around 7% of India's population suffering from some form of mental disorders, Union health minister Ghulam Nabi says it is a \"matter of great concern,\" with such disorders still grossly overlooked in India.Azad said about 20% of all patients seen by primary healthcare doctors have one or more mental disorders. One in four families is likely to have at least one member with a behavioral or mental disorder.Now, India has 23% of required psychiatrists, 25% of required psychiatric nurses and only 3% of the required clinical psychologists and psychiatric social workers. In absolute numbers, India has 3,500 psychiatrists, 500 clinical psychologists, 300 psychiatric social workers and about a 1000 psychiatric nurses. As against 30,000 beds required for the mentally ill, only about 200 beds are available.\"Even by a conservative yardstick, there is a shortage of about 8,000 psychiatrists, 17,000 clinical psychologists, 23,000 psychiatric social workers and 9,000 psychiatric nurses,\" Azad said.That's why the ministry is now developing 11 Institutions as centres of excellence in mental health, which will add 44 psychiatrists, 176 clinical psychologists, 176 psychiatric social workers and 220 psychiatric nurses annually. Each centre will be given Rs 30 crore.Around 29 state-run mental hospitals and 88 psychiatry wings in government colleges are being upgraded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15398150", "title": "Six Andhra fishermen rescued off Gopalpur coast", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Emotions ran high on Tuesday when the six fishermen from Andhra Pradesh missing at sea for about a week reunited with their family in New Boxipalli near Gopalpur on Tuesday. The locals had rescued the fishermen from the sea on Monday. The family members of the fishermen reached here after Ganjam administration informed them about the developments. \"It's as if we have got a new life,\" the rescued fishermen said. \"We thank the Odisha fishermen and administration for their cooperation,\" said K Lovaraju (48).The fishermen, from Upada in East Godavari district, had set sail on July 31, when their small trawler developed a snag. The vessel sailed into deep sea and they could not return to the shore. \"We spent about a week without proper food and water before we were rescued,\" said G. Ramesh (18), describing their harrowing experience. Local fishermen have spotted their vessel in the sea while they were at work and brought them ashore, said IIC of Gopalpur B D Swain.The other fishermen have been identified as K Srinivash Rao, K Subarao, G Brahmaiah, Ch Rajababu and L Lovaraju. One of the relatives of the rescued fishermen said: \"We were very worried about the fate of the fishermen when they did not return to the village after two days. The Coastguard and Marine Police could not locate them even though they searched all along the coast.\"Officials of the Ganjam administration have made arrangements for their safe departure. The administration was also keeping contact with their counterparts in East Godavari. \"We will provide all necessary help for their safe departure. The additional district magistrate (ADM) is coordinating the issue,\" said district collector Krishan Kumar. Andhra Pradesh fisheries director is expected to come to Ganjam to escort the rescued fishermen, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15397584", "title": "Practitioners of electropathy are not doctors, rules Kerala high court", "text": "KOCHI: Practitioners of electropathy or electro-homeopathy shouldn't use the title doctor along with their names, the Kerala high court has ruled. Electropathy is a derivative of homeopathy that relies on remedies from non-poisonous plants.More than 150 colleges across the country are offering courses in electropathy, with the most widely pursued one being Bachelor of Electropathy Medicine and Surgery (BEMS), which has a course duration of four and a half years.When the issue of recognition of electro-homeopathy came up before various high courts, the contention put forward by societies of its practitioners was that no law has banned their practise and they are entitled to engage in a profession as guaranteed by the Constitution.The Supreme Court on July 24 had issued a stay on a recent order by the Allahabad high court describing electro-homeopathy as an unrecognized system of medicine.Dismissing a petition by the Indian Electro Homeopathy Medical Council, the Allahabad high court had held in February that electro-homeopathy is not a recognized system of medicine and cannot be prescribed for curing diseases or for any other purpose.The Kerala high court's order banning the use of the doctor title by electropathy practitioners was while considering a petition by Firshad K A of Puliparambu in Malappuram seeking protection from harassment by police.Firshad had stated in his petition that he holds a diploma in electropathy issued by New Delhi-based Naturo Electro Homoeopathic Medicos (NEHM) and is practising electropathy, which is classified as an alternative medicine.He complained of harassment by the circle inspector of Nallalam police station in Kozhikode.Considering Firshad's petition, the division bench comprising of Justice K M Joseph and Justice K Harilal ordered that Firshad shouldn't use designations like doctor along with his name and should not practise modern medicine, homeopathy or any other systems of medicine.While the petitioner would be free to practise electropathy, his practice should be subject to laws such as Kerala Abkari Act and Drugs and Cosmetic Act, the court clarified. The high court also asked the police not to interfere in the practise unless the petitioner violates any statutory provisions.Practitioners of electropathy or electrohomeopathy shouldn't use the title doctor along with their names, the Kerala High Court has ruled.Electropathy is a derivative of homeopathy that relies on remedies from non-poisonous plants. More than 150 colleges across the country are offering courses in electropathy, with the most widely pursued one being Bachelor of Electropathy Medicine and Surgery (BEMS), which has a course duration of four and a half years.When the issue of recognition of electrohomeopathy came up before various high courts, the contention put forward by societies of its practitioners was that no law has banned their practise and they are entitled to engage in a profession as guaranteed by the Constitution.The supreme court on July 24 had issued a stay on a recent order by the Allahabad high court describing electrohomeopathy as an unrecognized system of medicine. Dismissing a petition by Indian Electro Homeopathy Medical Council, Allahabad high court had held in February that electro homeopathy is not a recognized system of medicine and cannot be prescribed for curing the diseases or for any purpose.The Kerala High Court's order banning using the title doctor by electropathy practitioners was while considering a petition by Firshad KA of Puliparambu in Malappuram seeking protection from harassment by police.Firshad had stated in his petition that he holds a diploma in electropathy issued by New Delhi-based Naturo Electro Homoeopathic Medicos (NEHM) and is practising electropathy, which is classified as an alternative medicine. He complained of harassment by circle inspector of Nallalam police station in Kozhikode.Considering Firshad's petition, the division bench comprising of Justice KM Joseph and Justice K Harilal ordered that he shouldn't use designations like doctor along with his name and should not practise modern medicine, homeopathy, or any other Indian systems of medicine.While the petitioner would be free to practise electropathy, his practice should be subject to laws such as Kerala Abkari Act and Drugs and Cosmetic Act, the court clarified. The court also asked police not to interfere in the practise unless the petitioner violates any statutory provisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15396649", "title": "2 BSF jawans hurt as grenade explodes during practice session", "text": "JODHPUR: Two Border Security Force personnel were injured when a hand grenade exploded at the paramilitary force's firing range in Daijar, about 25km from Jodhpur, on Tuesday. The two were taken to hospital, where the condition of one of them is stated to be serious. According to SHO, Mandor, Kamal Singh, the incident took place during a during a routine practice of throwing hand-grenades.A new recruit, Rajesh Kumar, threw a grenade in the air but it exploded before time, injuring him and instructor head constable Ved Pal Singh. \"A hand grenade explodes in four seconds generally but this one exploded before that,\" the SHO said, adding that Ved Pal Singh, who was standing beside Rajesh, has sustained injuries on his hand, cheeks and head.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397508", "title": "PCMC to lodge complaints against illegal constructions", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) will now be lodging police complaints against developers and owners of unauthorised buildings that have come up in the city after March 31, this year. The move is meant to deter citizens from undertaking illegal constructions.Municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi said civic officials will file first information reports in these cases with immediate effect. An accused would attract an imprisonment sentence of a minimum of three months and a maximum of three years and a fine in the range of Rs 10,000 to Rs 50,000.The civic administration has found that as many as 973 illegal constructions have come up within the municipal limits since March 31, this year. Such constructions have been surveyed and photographed, and the number is likely to increase since the survey is still on. Pardeshi said the PCMC will demolish all these unauthorised constructions in anti-encroachment drives once they get the required police security.Pardeshi said that the corporation has decided to send a fresh proposal to the state government for regularising unauthorised constructions till March 31, this year. Earlier, the corporation had sent a proposal urging the government to regularise constructions till March 31, 2011.Meanwhile, he said, \"On June 16, orders were issued for appointment of officials who were to keep track of the number of illegal constructions in their areas. These officials have started the work and the civic body has sent notices to 65,000 unauthorised constructions that have mushroomed in the city over the years.\"Pardeshi also said the PCMC has also sent files to each corporator explaining the problem of unauthorised constructions, the related laws and the action that is being taken. \"There are clear provisions in the law about action to be taken against them for supporting unauthorised constructions and we will act as per the law.\"Meanwhile, a Shiv Sena delegation met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday demanding that some solutions be found regarding unauthorised constructions. An NCP delegation recently met their party leader Sharad Pawar making a similar demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396726", "title": "21 docs in trouble for flouting sex test rules", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC) has suspended the registration of 21 doctors and warned another 12 for their alleged involvement in sex determination tests, which they conducted by flouting the rules under the Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act.To practise in the state, all doctors have to be registered with the MMC. \"The council received 50 proposals for initiating action against erring doctors. Registration of 21 doctors were suspended and 12 doctors were let off after being warned against conducting sex determination tests. Action against 17 is either pending with or being processed by the MMC ,\" a senior health official said.\"If the MMC suspends a doctor's registration, then s/he cannot practice for five years or till court gives him/her a clean chit. The doctor's membership will be permanently terminated, if s/he is convicted,\" said Dr Kishore Tawri, president of MMC that has the power to suspend doctors. , temporarily or permanently.If a doctor is caught flouting the Act a second time, his/her registration is supposed to be cancelled and he/she can never practise.Most of the suspended doctors are from rural Maharashtra, especially Beed and Jalgaon, which figure on the list of districts having poor child sex ratio. According to the census, the state's child sex ratio in 2011 was 833 girls per 1,000 boys against 913 per girls per 1,000 boys in 2001. The worst record is that of Beed, which registered a drop of 93 girls in the past decade; from 894 girls in 2001, it went down to 801 in 2011.Some senior health officials are displeased with the MMC for letting off 12 doctors without taking stern action. \"Letting them go with a mere warning is not in good taste,\" an official said. Refuting the allegation, Tawri said, \"Doctors who were given warning and allowed to practise had flouted rules in 2001. The PCPNDT Act came in force in 2003. So, the council had no choice but to let them go.\" giving warning to these 12 doctors,\"On Tuesday, a meeting was held in Mantralaya to take stock of the implementation of the PCPNDT Act in the state. It was chaired by public health minister Suresh Shetty and attended by additional chief secretary (health) T C Benjamin and senior BMC and home department officials.\"Ways to curb female foeticide in the state were reviewed,\" Shetty said.The female foeticide grabbed headlines and attention of the politicians to the issue after a doctor couple from Beed district-- Dr Sudam Munde and his wife Dr Saraswati were found guilty of conducting illegal abortion in their clinic. The Munde couple has been booked for culpable homicide in connection with death of a woman while undergoing abortion at their hospital in May, this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397776", "title": "Consumer Forum notice to HDFC Bank in car loan case", "text": "NAGPUR: The National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission, Delhi, on Monday issued notice to HDFC Bank in an appeal against non-compliance of car loan case filed by a city consumer.Presiding member K S Chaudhari and member Suresh Chandra issued notices on the appeal by Shrikant Prabhune. Prabhune had taken a car loan of Rs2.44 lakh at 11.5% interest in July 2006 from the bank. In July 2007, the bank representatives gave some misleading information to Prabhune and converted his 'car loan' into 'car overdraft account' by obtaining his signatures on blank documents.On receipt of the bank letter in August 2007, Prabhune was shocked to find that he would be charged 19.5% interest. \"I realized I would pay an additional Rs1.75 lakh compared to my earlier loan. I requested the bank to restore my earlier loan account stating that I was misled but the bank did not listen,\" said Prabhune.Prabhune moved the District Consumer Forum for justice. On July 17, 2008, the forum upheld Prabhune's complaint and directed the bank to comply with its order within 30 days by restoring earlier car loan account by transferring all the payments made in car overdraft account since August 2007 and close the car overdraft account.The forum also asked the bank to pay Rs10,000 as compensation for mental and physical agony to Prabhune and pay Rs2,000 as costs for the complaint. However, as the bank did not comply the orders, in September 2008 Prabhune filed an execution application before the forum under Section 27 of the CPA.Thereafter, the matter dragged up to June 2009. Finally, the bank complied with the orders in June 2009 after 305 days as against 30 days. The District Forum upheld the execution application in favour of Prabhune and confirmed that his say and objections were correct.However, the forum did not impose punishment of minimum Rs2,000 fine and 30 days imprisonment or maximum Rs10,000 fine and three years imprisonment as specified under Section 27 of the CPA.Prabhune's request for awarding adequate costs against the bank was also not considered. The forum ordered the bank to pay Rs1,000 as cost of execution application.Not satisfied with the verdict, Prabhune approached State Consumer Commission (Circuit Bench), Nagpur, but here too his application was dismissed. Therefore, in June 2012 he approached the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15395506", "title": "Meru cab drivers \u2018strike\u2019 at airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: Drivers of Meru cab service stayed away from work for two hours at IGI airport on Tuesday, alleging that they were not given enough assignments to ferry passengers as promised.\"Every driver has to pay Rs 1,200 per day to management and promised at least 25 assignments a day. But lately, we have been getting only a few assignments,\" said a Meru cab driver on condition of anonymity. A Meru spokesperson said, \"It was not a strike. The drivers stopped work for two hours. Work has resumed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15399911", "title": "Akshay gets an unlikely visitor", "text": "The star's ex Pooja Batra's estranged husband, Dr Sonu Ahluwalia, an orthopaedic surgeon, paid him a visit on the sets of OMG- Oh My God yesterdayWhile shooting last evening for a promotional song of OMG- Oh My God, his joint venture with Ashwini Yardi under the banner Grazing Goat, Akshay Kumar had a surprise visitor, who all but set rumour mills working overtime.It was none other than Akshay's ex Pooja Batra's estranged husband, Dr Sonu Ahluwalia, an orthopaedic surgeon, who dropped by at Film City. From the looks of it, the two of them shared quite a long conversation for Dr Ahluwalia arrived at around 4.30pm and left not before 6pm with Akshay in his car. What's more, Akshay shot the song very smoothly with minimum number of retakes.An eyewitness told TOI, \"It was surprising to see Dr Ahluwalia and Akshay being friendly with each other.\" However, a friend of Akshay's from the sets begged to differ: \"Akshay and Dr Ahluwalia have got to know each other since some time now. They have been in touch. Just that nobody knew till now. And they've never been seen in public together.\"An ex Miss India , Pooja Batra came to Mumbai from Pune to try her hand at modelling. Bollywood was not on her agenda until Akshay happened to her. Their relationship soured, but by then, the Bollywood bug had already bitten Pooja. She went on to act in a few films like Haseena Maan Jayegi and Virasat but failed to make a mark. She married Los Angeles-based Dr Ahluwalia in February 2003 but her eight-year-old marriage hit the rocks sometime last year.Dr Ahluwalia remained unavailable for comment. Ditto for Akshay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "15398213", "title": "Girl deserts Maoist camp, surrenders", "text": "ANGUL: A 17-year old girl, who had joined the Maoists two years ago, surrendered before Angul Police after being disillusioned at the camp. \"Life is quite boring in the Maoist camp,\" said Budhuni Munda alias Shanti, who used to carry luggage of other members.Shanti of Barunadihi village on the Keonjhar-Jajpur border had joined the Maoist camp in September 2010. She had done so to earn a living for herself, her mother and two siblings after her father's death when Sushil, area commander of Kalinganagar Maoist division, was recruiting.\"Sushil was on a recruitment drive for the Maoist unit headed by him. I did not know much about the Maoists or their activities. I was told that my joining them would fetch money for my family every month. I thought there could not be any better option than this and agreed to join them,\" Shanti told mediapersons after her surrender.She said she was never sexually abused nor directly committed any crime. \"My work was limited to that of a daily labourer and carrying the baggage of fellow members in the camp,\" Shanti said. \"I remember I had participated in four criminal incidents in the last two years, one of them being the December 2010 attack on a liquor shop at Bansapani in Keonjhar district. I was present while firing between police and Maoist at Mundatupa in Kanjipani area,\" she said.Though Shanti had joined the Maoists hoping to change the fate of her family, there was no such thing. \"When I did not get what I was promised, I decided to return home,\" she said.The teenager, however, had no clue how to get rid of the Maoists. \"It was difficult to suddenly vanish from the Maoist camp. Yet I was determined to give up the life I had embraced in the forest,\" she said.Her opportunity came on July 27 when Sushil and his wife Sonu, a former Maoist, quarrelled after Sonu alleged that women cadres in the camp are being sexually abused by their male counterparts. \"This led to an atmosphere of gloom in the camp. I thought it was time for me to vanish into the forest,\" she said. \"It took me five days to reach my village,\" the girl said adding, \"I will now start a new life\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15397975", "title": "Truck driver held in Tuticorin for carrying pistol without licence", "text": "MADURAI: A lorry driver from Uttar Pradesh was held by Eppothum Vendran police after they found him carrying a pistol without a licence. The driver, Viswaveer Singh (32) had brought a consignment to Sterlite Industries in Tuticorin and was on his way back after delivering them.During a police vehicle check-up on Monday night, Singh was intercepted after he was found in an inebriated state and acted suspiciously. When they did a thorough check-up of the vehicle, they found a foreign-made pistol and bullets in the lorry dash board. He was immediately secured by the police and was brought to the Eppothum Vendran police station. During interrogation, Viswaveer said that he was carrying the gun for self-defence, as he was driving a copper-laden lorry. He also told them that there was every possibility of robbers attacking him during the long stretch he drives.Police sources said that the gun possessed by Singh was a USA-11 model, a foreign-made pistol. They also seized two magazines and nine bullets and one empty cartridge.The driver told the police that he had bought the gun recently in Uttar Pradesh and when asked about the empty cartridge, he told them that he fired in the wilderness on the way to test the gun.District SP, J Rajendran said the driver was held on suspicion during the vehicle check and the police found him holding a pistol without any licence.\"He told us that his father was an army captain and he has been working as a driver. He defended himself that he bought the pistol for self-defence. He also started asking what was wrong in holding a gun to defend oneself and was not much aware of the arms licence and other procedures. Our investigation revealed that he was harmless, but he was arrested since he was not holding a valid licence for the pistol,\" Rajendran said.Eppothum Vendran police have filed a case in this regard and Singh was arrested under the Arms Act and has been remanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "15398620", "title": "HC proposes, Veer Kuer Singh University disposes", "text": "SASARAM: Appointment of as many as 13 principals in colleges under Veer Kuer Singh University was rendered \"illegal\" following a Patna high court order on July 13. Three weeks on, they continue to hold the posts.Sources said it was on February 9, 2009 that Justrice Mridula Mishra of the HC quashed the university's advertisement for the 13 appointments while disposing of a writ petition filed by Pramod Kumar Singh, who teaches English in local S P Jain College. Singh had challenged the advertisement on the ground that the provision for reservation was illegal as the principal's was a single post in any college.The university went in appeal before a division bench. The division bench of Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Mihir Kumar Jha on May 18, 2009 passed an interim order, allowing the university to make provisional appointments subject to the final decision of the court.The interim order clarified, \"We permit the appellant university and its authorities to proceed with the selection and appointment to the posts of principals but it is made clear that such selection and appointment will be subject to the result of this letters patent appeal (LPA).\"After this interim order, the university appointed the 13 principals and posted them in different colleges. On July 13, however, the divisional bench of Justice T Meena Kumar and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh dismissed the university's LPA. Yet, the university has failed to remove the principals so far.When contacted, VKSU's acting VC Kumaresh told TOI on Tuesday he had no information about the dismissal of the university's appeal in the case.Petitioner Singh, meanwhile, sent a letter to the VC on Tuesday, with which he attached the HC order. \"If the principals are not removed immediately, I will move the court again,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15396851", "title": "Cop held for helping kidnap accused escape", "text": "JAIPUR: The city police on Tuesday arrested a circle inspector of Rajasthan police for allegedly helping an accused in molestation and kidnapping case escape during a raid.The cop has also been booked for hampering the police proceedings.A team of five policemen, including three from Vaishali Nagar police station, had gone to nab one Ajay Chaudhary (26) from a house in Hanuman Nagar on Monday night.A case under Sections 363 and 354 of IPC was registered against the accused at the Kotwali police station in Jhunjhunu.The police arrested Chaudhary and were about to leave when one Ashok Chaudhary, a circle inspector, arrived at the scene and asked the officers if they were carrying a warrant against the accused.Residents of the locality also came out and surrounded the police. Amidst the confusion, the accused managed to flee. \"Our senior officers directed us to book circle inspector Ashok Chaudhary for helping the accused run away,\" said Mehmood Khan, circle inspector, Vaishali Nagar police station.According to the police, a team of Jhunjhunu police had specific information about Ajay being involved in the kidnap and molestation of a girl. The cops traced him to Vaishali Nagar and sought the local police's help to arrest him. \"We provided them three of our men. When the team went to arrest the accused, the circle inspector hampered the proceedings and helped him flee,\" said B L Soni, police commissioner.Ashok Chaudhary has a tainted past and was earlier caught by the anti-corruption bureau taking bribe. He was posted at a police station in Nagaur but had not reported to work for two years, an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "greater noida/ new delhi", "code": "15396138", "title": "E-way toll rates to be notified today", "text": "GREATER NOIDA/ NEW DELHI: After several flip flops, now commuters can drive down to Agra in less than two hours taking the Yamuna Expressway from Wednesday afternoon, almost five hours after the project will be finally inaugurated. Sources said a one-way car trip could cost around Rs 320 while a round trip in 24 hours would cost between Rs 510 and Rs 520.Though the Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) would notify the toll rates early on Wednesday, which will fix the upper cap for tolling in all categories of vehicles, the private developer Jaypee has the right to charge less toll to make the road attractive for commuters. Sources said that the toll charges for two-wheelers would be at least 50% of the toll rates of a personal car. \"All categories of vehicles can avail 20% discount on toll charges if they take round trip within 24 hours,\" said a source.The upper cap of toll tax, once notified, will be Rs 2.10 per km for cars and jeeps, Rs 3.25 for minibuses and Rs 6.60 for buses and trucks. \"But we will come out with toll charges for each stretch of the road for the benefit of commuters rather than going by per km toll fee,\" a Jaypee official said. There are three toll tax plazas along the expressway \u2014 at Jewar and Mathura and one near Agra.According to the official inauguration programme, the Rs 11,000 crore expressway will be launched 'virtually' by the Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav at 11am via video conferencing from Lucknow. Samajwadi Party's national general secretary, Ram Gopal Yadav will be at Greater Noida to dedicate the road to the public. A cavalcade of dignitaries and guests will then drive down the expressway and it will be thrown open to traffic at 4pm.Sources said that a team of officials from Lucknow visited the expressway on Monday. Senior officials of the YEIDA have also been called to Lucknow on Wednesday to attend a meeting at the CM's office. They added that the authority has got a completion certificate for the stretch.To ensure strict lane driving, lanes have been demarcated for different types of vehicles. \"The extreme right lane is meant only for overtaking while heavy vehicles and two-wheelers have to take the extreme left. The middle lane is meant for cars and jeeps. Offenders would be challaned,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15398673", "title": "Land-related complaints heard by Kamrup administration", "text": "GUWAHATI: Amid increasing public complaints related to land grabbing and other land-related issues, the Kamrup (Metro) district administration on Tuesday heard nine complaints under Guwahati revenue circle.Land-related grievances lodged by the people of other five revenue circles under Kamrup (Metro) district will be heard by September.Deputy commissioner of Kamrup (Metro) Ashutosh Agnihotri said that though the number of land-grabbing complaints have gradually come down, encroachment remains a cause of concern in the district.\"Many families who lost their land many years ago have appeared before the administration seeking justice. We are ready to help the public and seek their full cooperation,\" said Agnihotri.The next hearing on land-grabbing and similar issues will be held on September 2 at the north Guwahati circle office for complaints under the jurisdiction of the north Guwahati revenue circle.Hearing for Dispur and Sonapur revenue circles will take on August 18 and September 5. Similarly, hearing for Azara and Chandrapur revenue circles will be held on September 15 and September 24 respectively.All hearings will take place at the respective circle offices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15396103", "title": "New flyover to link Kalina, Kurla from Friday", "text": "Picture by Shriram VernekarMUMBAI: The peak-hour traffic on LBS road and the one moving towards Santa Cruz and BKC from Kurla station and vice versa will be able to save around 15 minutes of travel time from Friday.After a three-year wait due to litigations, the 560-m Kurla-Kalina flyover over LBS Marg will be opened to public by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday.At present, over 50,000 vehicles use the junction during the peak hour as LBS Marg is an important south-north connector. The proximity of Kurla station adds to the traffic on the stretch.Once the flyover is opened, motorists going towards Santa Cruz and BKC from Kurla station and vice versa will be able to save around 15 minutes of travel time. The flyover spans between Mithi river towards BKC and Kalina. The Old Agra bridge was demolished to pave the way for the flyover, which has been completed at a cost of Rs 16 crore.Some residents and shop owners had objected to the acquisition of their land and property for the project.The traffic to BKC and Santa Cruz from Thane, Mulund, Bhandup and Ghatkopar will get largely benefited following the opening. The cost of the flyover is Rs 16 crore after escalation subsequent to the delays.\"The litigation delayed the flyover work by three to four years. Residents of Mhada building and some shop owners towards Kurla had approached court. Similarly the old Agra bridge, also known as Halao bridge was to be demolished.After compensating and resettling project-affected people four months ago, work picked up pace and the flyover was completed recently,\" said chief engineer Subhash Nage of the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC).The construction of the flyover, which is part of the ambitious but much-delayed Santa Cruz Chembur Link road (SCLR), was started in 2005. Once the SCLR's crucial bridges over Central Railway and Harbour line are completed, the Kurla-Kalina flyover will speedily feed and offer exit to traffic to and fro Eastern Express Highway (EEH) and Western Express Highway (WEH).The flyover has been funded by the Mumbai Metropolitan Regional Development Authority ( MMRDA) whereas the MSRDC has built it as a part of the SCLR plan. The World Bank has funded SCLR but had recently withdrawn its financial backing due to inordinate delay in constructions.When asked as to when the road below the flyover towards Kalina will also be re-carpeted and expanded, Nage said once the flyover is thrown open eventually the congested road below will also be re-carpeted and expanded to ensure efficient traffic disposal. The road below has lots of temporary encroachments such as scrap dealers, mechanics and vendors. Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar and MSRDC Minister Jaidutta Kshirsagar are likely to grace the inauguration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15397666", "title": "'30,000 illegal Indian immigrants to benefit from US policy'", "text": "WASHINGTON: At least 30,000 Indians would be among the 1.76 million undocumented illegal immigrants who would benefit from US President Barack Obama's new policy to defer deportation of illegal immigrants for two years, a new study said.Using current population survey data from the US Census Bureau, Migration Policy Institute (MPI) estimates that as many as 1.76 million people, under the age of 31, could be at risk of being deported in the future or who are currently in removal proceedings could gain deferred action as a result of the Obama administration policy announced on June 15.Of these 1.76 million illegal immigrants an estimated 30,000 each are from India, and Korea - the two top countries of origin outside Latin America, MPI said adding that two in three unauthorised immigrants potentially eligible for deferred action came from Mexico (1.17 million, or 65 per cent).The next two countries of origin were El Salvador (slightly less than 60,000, or 3 per cent) and Guatemala (50,000, or 3 per cent).The Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) initiative, which will decide applications on a case-by-case basis, will offer a two-year grant of reprieve from deportation as well as work authorisation to unauthorised immigrants who were under the age of 31 as of June 15, with certain conditions attached.MPI estimates that 1.26 million of the 1.76 million potential beneficiaries are 15 or older and thus immediately meet the age requirement to apply for deferred action.US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) has stated that only those who are 15 or older are eligible to file for deferred action when the process gets underway on August 15 this year.Five states - California, Texas, Florida, New York and Illinois - are home to 57 per cent of the total population of potential beneficiaries.California has by far the largest population of potential beneficiaries, with 460,000, followed by Texas (210,000), Florida (140,000), New York (110,000) and Illinois (90,000).Nearly three in four (or 1.3 million) prospective beneficiaries were born in Mexico or Central America.Another 11 per cent (more than 180,000) came from the rest of Latin America, nine percent (about 170,000) from Asia and six per cent (about 110,000) from other parts of the world.An estimated 800,000 children and youth who are potential beneficiaries are currently enrolled in the K-12 system, it said.\"The deferred action initiative, with its education requirements, offers these youth a significant incentive to stay in school and get their high school diploma,\" said Margie McHugh, co-director of MPI's National Center on Immigrant Integration Policy.MPI also estimates that 58 per cent of the prospective beneficiaries ages 15 and older are in the labor force.\"Beyond the relief from deportation, the grant of a work authorisation document to those who can demonstrate an economic necessity is likely to improve their chances for decent employment conditions and wages, especially for those who have higher levels of education,\" said Doris Meissner, who directs MPI's US Immigration Policy program.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15398669", "title": "One held by railway police for piracy of NCERT books", "text": "GUWAHATI: Government Railway Police (GRP) sleuths on Tuesday arrested one Bhabesh Mishra (40) from the Guwahati railway station in connection with a case of supplying pirated National Council for Educational Research and Training (NCERT) textbooks in the state.The GRP nabbed Mishra, who runs a book stall while he was visiting the railway station to pick up a parcel of books that came from Delhi.According to GRP, an NCERT official warned the railway police on Monday about the consignment of pirated books and the sleuths acted on the tip. \"The parcel has more than 2,000 pirated textbooks, mostly Higher Secondary science books, in some 20 cartons. Mishra came to pick up the parcel, which had arrived from Delhi. We believe he runs an illegal business of supplying pirated textbooks in the state,\" said a GRP official.Mishra rubbished the charge and denied his involvement in the crime. He said, \"One of my friends from Delhi asked me to pick up the consignment of books from the railway station and to send it to Tezpur and Imphal. I have no hands in supplying the pirated books.\"The policeman added, \"We have been alerted that there is a racket involving sale of pirated books operating from here. These booksellers, are selling pirated versions of the official textbook in the other districts of the state. This consignment of books is also pirated.\"According to NCERT officials, the fake publishers replicate the original textbooks using inferior material and push them into the market on huge discounts. \"Retailers are also a part of the nexus and they push pirated books to students as they get a hefty commission,\" said an official. The council has a distribution centre in Guwahati and some 386 centres across the country. He added that piracy is more common in books for Classes IX and XII as they are printed mostly in two colours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15395947", "title": "CBI developing database to curb banking frauds", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is developing a database of bank fraudsters to check cheating cases, which have resulted in loss of Rs 3,799 crore during 2010-11, an increase of 53% as compared to the previous year, agency chief A P Singh said on Tuesday.\"Banks lost Rs 2, 017 crore due to frauds in 2009-10. This has seen a quantum jump in 2010-11, with the loss amount rising to Rs 3,799 crore,\" he told the annual conference of Chief Vigilance Officers of public sector banks and financial institutions. \"While CBI's Bank Securities and Fraud Cell registered criminal cases involving Rs 4,000 crore in 2011, cases regarding frauds worth Rs 2,500 crore have been registered from January to July this year,\" he said.Singh said the CBI is developing a Bank Case Information System (BCIS) which contains names of accused, borrowers and public servants in its records. \"This information may also be made accessible to field functionaries of the banking sector in collaboration with the Indian Bank Association (IBA) once modalities are worked out,\" he said.Delivering the keynote address, Singh said the increasing amount of frauds in the banking sector is a \"disturbing factor\". The CBI chief said the agency would now probe only those bank fraud cases where loss is more than Rs 3 crore, while those below it would be investigated by the state police.\"On the request of CBI, CVC has notified revised threshold limits for reporting bank fraud. CBI will now only register bank fraud cases involving loss of over Rs 3 crore. Frauds involving loss of below Rs 3 crore shall be reported to state police,\" he said.The conference on Preventing Bank Frauds with Systemic Intervention was organized by the CBI at its headquarters to sensitize the vigilance officers of the banks. Singh pointed out that the losses incurred by public sector banks and financial institutions clearly suggest that a better system of checks and balances is required to prevent such frauds. He said existing loopholes need to be plugged, manuals updated and Standard Operating Procedures framed to ensure that lending and borrowing takes places in a healthy environment, free of fraud.Singh asked the Chief Vigilance Officers to sensitize their respective banks to grant sanction for prosecution of public servants promptly as undue delay sends a wrong signal to persons engaged in corrupt activities. He said that some banks report fraud to the CBI to put pressure on borrowers to get their dues recovered, and, later show reluctance to cooperate with investigation.The CBI, he said, does not interfere in cases where commercial decisions involving risks have resulted in losses to banks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397222", "title": "Housing boom near Kundli-Manesar-Palwal despite lack of facilities", "text": "GURGAON: Despite the new HUDA sectors near the KMP (Kundli-Manesar-Palwal) Expressway, 10km from Hero Honda Chowk, yet to take months to have even the basic civic amenities, several residential projects are coming up in the area, with people waiting to shift in their dream homes.Of the several such projects, Tulip Ace on the main Pataudi Road in Sector 89, has already started handing over possession to the buyers. Only 18 families till now have shifted to their houses there in the past few months, with one family shifting in as early as May.Savina Gupta, a housewife, is busy these days with the woodwork going on in her three-bedroom flat in Tulip Ace. Only a month ago, she had shifted here with her family from Sector 15. When asked how she was finding her new abode, she was all smiles.\"It's a nice feeling to have your own house. My husband is a software engineer and goes to Sector 29 for work. He brings all the necessary things from Gurgaon on his way back to home. The nearest market place is in Sector 10, six kilometres from here. But I'm not complaining,\" Savina said.Another resident Neeraj Bala said, \"I find it better to live here than paying a hefty Rs 25,000 per month as rent. Now the money goes in paying our house's instalment.\" Bala's husband is general manager in a private infrastructure company. If one has a car, then distance does not matter that much, Bala added.Many, however, complain that the lack of basic facilities, including quality health services, in the vicinity is a serious concern. Seventy three-year-old M R Gera sold his Faridabad flat and shifted here with his ailing wife a month ago. They wanted to be close to their only daughter who lives in Sector 9. \"My wife does not keep well and we have to go to a hospital on the Railway Road. Whenever I'm driving there, I make it a point to buy all the medicines. Recently, I discovered a good homeopathic shop nearby. I'm trying to explore the new area to know more about it.\"Senior marketing executive with the Tulip Group, builders and promoters of Tulip Ace, said, \"Ours is the only residential complex which has started handing over possessions. As many as 100 families will be shifting here by this Diwali. There are a total of 326 flats in this complex.\"There is also a provision of shopping complex in the society, Mishra said. Residents at present are being provided electricity through diesel generator sets but proper electricity supply is soon to follow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396542", "title": "Geetika\u2019s family fears harm from ex-minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security was stepped up at the Ashok Vihar residence of Geetika Sharma's family on Tuesday after they expressed fear that former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda would try to harm them. Kanda is accused of abetting Geetika's suicide. Geetika's brother Ankit Sharma , who demanded a CBI probe in the case, told TOI that his sister sounded agitated when he last spoke to her around 1am on Sunday. \"She said she was feeling very disturbed but would not say why. When I persisted, she said continuous harassment in the form of calls and messages from Kanda and Aruna (Chaddha) was driving her insane. She was feeling scared. She also asked me to take care of myself. Probably, she feared Kanda would try to harm me.\"About his family's closeness with Kanda and his family, Ankit said his parents did not realize that they were being led into a trap.\"My parents are simple natured, they could not understand that they were getting into a web that would eventually snuff out my sister's life. Now that I have lost my sister, the entire story has unfolded. I am shattered,\" he said.Ankit said the family was cooperating with police and expected quick results. \"My mother has given crucial evidence, including mails, documents and pictures which I think are enough to nail Kanda and his associates. We want Kanda to be arrested at the earliest.\"Geetika wanted to quit Kanda's company, but he was adamant that she stay on, Ankit claimed. \"My sister repeatedly asked Aruna Chaddha to accept her resignation as she did not want to work there, but they simply would not let her go. When she said she wanted to study further, they sponsored her MBA course. On Sunday, Kanda denied association with my sister and called her just another employee, but now that we have given enough proof of association he is claiming he gave Rs 7 lakh to her for pursuing her MBA. Why such shifting accounts?\" Geetika's family said Kanda wanted her to stay around at any cost, and he went to great lengths to ensure this.Regarding reports of Geetika being made trustee of an international school run by Kanda's group in Haryana, Ankit said he was not aware of it but would not be surprised if this were indeed the case as Kanda had entrusted many operations to Geetika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396008", "title": "Couple arrested for Pitampura murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Making a breakthrough in the Pitampura case, cops have identified the body of the man that was found in a trunk on Saturday. The man, Shehryar, was a resident of Sitapur, UP, and his elder brother Noor Mohammad (32) and sister-in-law Afsana (30) have been arrested for the murder. Cops said an illicit affair between Shehyar and Afsana led to the crime. The statements of Noor's children and his landlord were vital in cracking the case, claimed police officials.According to DCP (northwest) P Karunakaran , Noor's landlord, Naveen, said that around 2.20am on August 1, he heard some noise coming from his tenant's house. \"When he knocked the door, Noor's wife Afsana told him that the argument centred on a family issue and assured him that they will try to keep the noise down. In the morning, Naveen found the house locked and his tenants missing,\" said the DCP.Relatives of Noor revealed that Afsana and Shehryar had been in an illicit relationship for a while because of which there was always some tension between the two brothers. On Tuesday, Noor's father Bakridin and his parental uncle reached Delhi to identify the body. The same evening, the accused were arrested from the Ghazipur bus depot.On interrogation, Noor and Afsana confessed to their involvement in the crime. \"When Noor found out about Afsana and Shehryar, his relationship with both his wife and brother soured. Afsana promised him that she would end the affair and in due course of time, the couple resolved their differences. But Shehryar didn't stop making advances towards Afsana. Finally, the couple decided to kill him,\" said Karunakaran.Top police sources, however, were divided on the exact reason for Afsana to join her husband in the crime. \"Afsana was upset that Shehryar was planning to marry someone else and thus she decided to murder him,'' said an official. On August 1, the couple invited Shehryar for dinner. They tried to smother him and then slit his throat with a knife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15395990", "title": "Rabindra Nath Tagorel remembered on 71st death anniversary", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To commemorate the 71st death anniversary of Rabindra Nath Tagore, the members of Bengali Social and Cultural Association and social and educational institutions paid floral tributes at his statue at Gol Park, Tagore Town on Tuesday morning.They sang some Rabindra Sangeet numbers like \"Chokher Aloye Dekechhelem Chokher Bahiri and Akash Bhora Surjo Tara Vishwa Bhara Pran\".Those present on the occasion were Sarvashri Arun Kumar Chattopadhya, RL Chatterjee, Dilip Dutta, Prof Ashim Mukherjee, Swapan Samaddar, Shanker Chatterjee, Pronov Bhattacharya, Anjan Chatterjee, Babul Bhattacharya, Pronov Dass Gupta, Jayanto Dey, Anjan Mitra, Arup Mittra, Sanjeev Chandra, Bhasker Bhattacharya and others. Anjan Chatterjee conducted the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397856", "title": "Agnihotri college officials sent to 3-day police remand", "text": "NAGPUR: The Wardha Sessions Court, on Tuesday, sentenced two top officials of Agnihotri College to three-day Police Custody Remand (PCR) until Friday for their alleged involvement in examination racket. The officials who have been remanded are - Centre in-charge for Nagpur University exams, Anil Mahalle, from Rani Agnihotri Institute of Physical Education and college principal SN Murthi. College peon, Shriram Mandade, who is believed to be the prime accused in the racket, is already under PCR. The action came after NU administration quickly lodged an FIR with Wardha police, despite being under pressure.However, the 10 students who were sentenced to PCR secured bail. They were caught red handed along with some girls while solving the question paper of Pharmaceutical Chemistry-I (Organic) paper of Bachelor of Pharmacy (BPharm) first year winter exam at a student's room in Wardha's Ram Nagar area on last Wednesday.The cheating case came to light when Wardha cops raided the house of a student of Agnihotri College and found 10 students referring to books and writing in their answer-sheets long after the exam was over.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15398471", "title": "MLAs hike own salaries, burden treasury further", "text": "PORVORIM: The state exchequer will have to bear an additional financial liability of around 6.5 crore per annum following the government's proposal to increase salaries and benefits of MLAs and ministers.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday introduced the Goa Salaries and Allowances of Minister (Amendment) Bill, 2012 and the Goa Salary, Allowances and Pension of Members of the Legislative Assembly (fourth amendment) Bill, 2012. The bills seek to increase the salaries and other benefits of the chief minister and MLAs.According to the amendments, the chief minister will now draw a salary and sumptuary allowance of 45,000 from the existing 23,000, deputy chief minister 39,000 from the existing 16,500, a minister 33,000 from the existing 15,000 and minister of state or deputy minister 27,000 from the existing 10,000.The bills seek to enhance the monthly salary, sumptuary allowance and compensatory allowance by taking into consideration the price index and the cost of living, both of which have increased considerably, it is noted.The bill for MLAs seeks to increase the salary of legislators from 5,000 to 10,000 and daily allowance during the period on duty from 1,000 to 2,000. The amount of 750 payable to member on duty lieu of the accommodation provided to him is increased to 1,500.The government has also proposed to amend Section 11 so as to increase the pension payable to a member for the first year to 15,000 from 8,000 and every successive year of his membership to 2,000 from 1,250 , subjected to a maximum of 70,000.The bill also proposes to increase repayable motor car allowance to 15 lakh from 6 lakh, constituency allowance will go up to 90,000 from 55,000 and petrol/diesel admissible to a member per month for the use of his personal vehicle will increase to 300 litres from 250 litres.The amendment will allow MLAs to appoint not more than five persons, which include one personal secretary, one LDC, two drivers and one peon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15397399", "title": "Riding airwaves to help others", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A band of students is powering an information revolution at Panjab University.To facilitate the inclusion and participation of visually impaired college pupils, over 50 students from diverse streams and colleges across the Tricity have come together to give voice to them by volunteering to record four new books at Jyotirgamya 91.2, PU's radio station.The department has already recorded four books and carried out over 70 hours of recording for the visually-impaired.The volunteers, who are from diverse fields of communication, economics, management, Hindi, home science and other disciplines, are also recording books for competitive examinations.\"It is such a wonderful platform. The feeling that we will be able to help someone read and learn gives me immense satisfaction,\" says Chavi, a second-year student at Government Home Science College, Sector 10.The department officials are pleasantly surprised to see this resurgence of social conscience for an initiative which barely had a handful of students interested up last year.\"We have been posting information related to the project on facebook, twitter and all other social media channels so that students come forward to join us,\" says Archana R Singh, chairperson, School of Communication Studies (SCS) that runs the community radio station.Most of the visually impaired students who send their demand for books to the radio station are enrolled in Post Graduate Government College, Sector 11, and the adjoining girls' college.The station manager, stated that although the range of the channel is of 10km radius, they have been getting requests from students of Moga, Jalandhar and several other cities after they came across 'audition details' on popular social networking sites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pallekele", "code": "15397292", "title": "Dhoni praises pacers, part-time bowlers for win over Sri Lanka", "text": "PALLEKELE: India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni credited the fine show by his pacers and presence of part-time bowling option for his side's clinical 39-run win over Sri Lanka in the one-off Twenty20 international on Tuesday.Pacer Ashok Dinda produced a career-best effort of four for 19 while Irfan Pathan ably supported him with three for 27.The part-time bowlers, Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma , also played a crucial role in slowing down the Lankan run-chase. They did not let their skipper down as the duo bowled four overs for 22 runs.\"Overall, we were really good. It was a good performance. We thought of a high scoring game but it was slightly different as the ball was swinging till the 20th over. So it was not really easy to slog. We thought we were 10-15 runs short. Especially the way Sri Lankan team started, we thought that may be the case but our bowlers came back beautifully,\" Dhoni said at the post-match presentation ceremony.\"They bowled in the right areas. It was important to take wickets and that's what we did. The combination of Virat and Rohit was a big plus point for us. If you are looking to play with four specialist bowlers and a part-timer, they bowled well as a unit. If in four overs, they concede 30-35 runs, it's ok with us. Our strength is having that seventh batsman in the side. Quite happy with the performance,\" said the skipper.Riding on Kohli's well-crafted 68, the Indians managed to put up a respectable 155 for 3. In reply, Sri Lanka were bundled out for 116 in 18 overs at the Pallekele International Cricket Stadium.Asked about India's dominance over Sri Lanka in their home conditions, Dhoni said, \"The wickets have changed here. When I first came here, the ball used to stop a lot. But now the pitches have been re-laid. I think we mastered our bowling and batting better than them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15396829", "title": "'Abandoned baby was flung from vehicle'", "text": "NOIDA: The one-year-old boy found abandoned on a footpath in Noida on Saturday night in Sector 62 was reportedly flung from a moving vehicle. Doctors said that the child has a mental disability, which according to the police could be the reason for his abandonment.The child was taken to the district hospital and later shifted to Lady Hardinge hospital in Delhi. Cops said passersby heard the child crying and found him behind the Model Town police station. \"According to doctors, the injuries sustained by the child indicate that he was thrown from a moving vehicle,\" said a senior cop.Cops are still probing the matter and the identity of the baby's parents is still not clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15397068", "title": "Oberoi may reopen Hills hotel, but skip Rajarhat", "text": "KOLKATA: It is a mixed bag for Bengal. There is a silver lining following Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA) Accord as Oberoi Group, one of the leading hospitality firms in India, is toying with the idea of reopening its hotel in Darjeeling after 25 years. However, the group will not push for hotel projects in Rajarhat which was mentioned in the last annual general meeting (AGM) of EIH Ltd, the flagship of the group.The vice-chairman of EIH, S S Mukherji, told reporters here that it may look at reopening the hotel in the Queen of Hills. \"We are keeping a close watch on the situation in Darjeeling. Our group has a property on five acres in the hill town. It was closed in the late Seventies. If we want to reuse the property, then we have to reconstruct the entire structure. It is not in a good shape,\" he added. The popularly knownOberoi Mount Everest Hotel in Darjeeling was started in 1914 by Aratoon Stephen and named 'The Darjeeling Family Hotel'. In 1950, it was leased out to Oberoi group for a period of 100 years.When asked about its proposed venture in Rajarhat, mentioned after the annual general meeting last year, Mukherjee said that it is not on their agenda. Chairman of EIH, PRS Oberoi, had last year said that it is planning two hotels at Rajarhat with a combined investment of over Rs 950 crore. \"EIH is looking for 3-4 acres privately-held land over there for this purpose. We are looking for any person or any company which holds land at Rajarhat for the purpose of setting up hotel properties and wants to be associated with us. We have talked to a lot of people but nothing has been finalized yet,\" he had said earlier.EIH wanted to run a 350-room Trident hotel and another Oberoi property with 250 rooms at Rajarhat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15397065", "title": "Teachers get a lesson on traffic rules", "text": "COIMBATORE: Over 200 high school and higher secondary school teachers participated in a training programme conducted by the Tamil Nadu Police Traffic Wardens Association in the city on Tuesday.The programme was conducted at the Perks Matriculation School on Tuesday.The association, which works under the city police, helps in controlling the traffic during busy schedules and also conducts awareness programmes in schools and colleges. The members of this group comprise those between the age group of 25 to 45 years. N Kennedy, chief traffic warden in-charge, said that they have been running Road Safety Patrol (RSP) Units in more than 100 schools.The training programme on Tuesday was for the teachers on basic traffic rules. Kennedy said that they conducted the programme so that the teachers would start RSP units in their schools and teach students about traffic rules. \"They will be able to teach the students basic traffic rules and also run RSP units in schools. This will help spread the message of safe road use,\" he said.A Madhavan, a traffic warden and one of the trainers at the programme, said that these initiatives were for the schools to develop traffic awareness among students and to ensure the participation of the students in ensuring traffic rules.He said that the teachers can educate on safe practices on the roads, including the use of helmets and seat belts. \"The children can convince their parents and elders better,\" he said.The teachers were taught about different manual signals. Some of the teachers said that the initiatives have been well received at their schools. Manjula Krishnamurthy, a teacher from the Sri Jayendra Matriculation Higher Secondary School at Ondipuidur, said that the RSP cadets at the school are actively involved in maintaining traffic. \"Our cadets in the mornings and evenings are able to control the traffic of vehicles. This has also improved their knowledge in safe practices of the roads,\" she said.At the same time, Kennedy said that as part of their initiatives they have instructed schools to come up with the traffic parks in the schools. \"The traffic parks with the road signs and signals will help the students to remember the lessons better,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai ", "code": "15398966", "title": "\u2018General maths students can\u2019t apply for polytechnic\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI : General mathematics students will not be eligible for admissions to polytechnic courses , the Bombay high court ruled while upholding norms framed by the state . \"We will not review the eligibility criteria fixed by the director of education ,\" said a division bench of Justice D Y Chandrachud and Justice R D Dhanuka . The court agreed with the state that the levels of general mathematics and higher mathematics were different.The court was hearing a petition filed by a Raigad student , Sujit Divekar , who had passed his SSC examinations earlier this year . The petition claimed that Sujit 's application to Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Polytechnic Institute in Raigad for admission in the ITI course was rejected as he had opted for general mathematics for his examinations.The Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education introduced general mathematics as an optional subject to maths in 2008, following the high rate of failures in the subject. However , over the last four years , less than 10% of the total students who appear for the exams have opted for general mathematics as it narrows down their options post-SSC.The petition claimed that a 2011 government circular had said that there was no difference between general and higher mathematics subjects. The government counsel ,however , pointed out that the brochure for polytechnic courses made it clear that only SSC students who had opted for higher mathematics were eligible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397639", "title": "Alcoholics Anonymous awareness on August 11", "text": "PUNE: Alcoholics Anonymous (AA), a worldwide network working to help alcoholics achieve sobriety, has organized a public awareness meeting in the city on August 11 at the Ganesh Kala Krida Kendra.Ashish Deshpande, an eminent medical practitioner and trustee of AA, who had participated in Aamir Khan's television show, Satyamev Jayate,will be the chief speaker here. The meeting will have him speaking on alcoholism as a disease and how AA is helpful in overcoming it.The organization helps in keeping addicts away from alcohol and giving them a new lease of life.AA's members, Anup K, Nandu K and Vasant M, said in a press conference that AA offices all over the country received more than one lakh phone calls for help after Satyamev Jayate was aired about a month back. They said that AA's role in keeping addicts away from alcohol and giving them a new lease of life was thoroughly discussed in the TV show.They added thatAA has been working all over the world for the past 77 years and has set base in 200 countries. It was set up in Pune in 1974 and more than 20 member groups are currently working in the city under AA.\"The willingness of an alcoholic to stay away from the addiction is the only qualification to join this group,\" said Anup, adding that the Saturday meeting is open to all those who want to know about alcoholism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15397650", "title": "Residents worried over rising water level", "text": "KANNUR: People living near the Pazhassi dam are a worried lot after the water level in the dam rose and seven damaged shutters couldn't be opened to release excess water. Heavy showers have further deepened their concerns.\"There is no need to panic as the water level is receding. Though the water level was around 29.26 metres on Tuesday morning, it was below 28 metres by evening. If rains recede, the water level will reach 26.52 metres- the full reservoir level,\" said assistant engineer of the Pazhassi project K M Gopalan. But local people are not satisfied with this argument. \"If authorities had taken proper steps to maintain the shutters, they could have prevented this disaster,\" said Jose T K, a resident of Iritty.Though over Rs 400 crore has been spent on the dam over the years, it failed to serve the purpose, said an engineer who was associated with the project in its early stage. \"Maintenance of a dam is not just painting shutters, but ensuring that it is operating properly so that it can be used when need arises,\" he said, adding that the project has become a synonym for huge corruption.\"They haven't even greased the bearings and the money spent in the name of maintenance has gone into some pockets,\" he alleged. Another official said the lack of coordination between the engineering and mechanical wing was the problem.During a review meeting in July last year, water resources minister P J Joseph had promised immediate action and the government had sanctioned Rs 7 crore for repair work. Though two shutters were to be repaired in three months, only one was mended so far.Nearly half of the 16 shutters are not working properly. \"Now the government has assigned the job to Kerala Electrical &amp; Allied Engineering Co Ltd (KEL), which is fully owned by the state government,\" said Gopalan.Meanwhile, water resources minister P J Jospeh who visited the area on Tuesday evening said that a department level inquiry would be conducted on the alleged laxity on the part of the officials in maintaining the shutters of the dam. He also said immediate steps would be taken to repair all the 16 shutters.Kannur: Even as heavy rain is lashing the hilly regions of the district, people living in the surroundings of Pazhassi dam are in panic, as the water level in the dam has gone up and seven of the total 16 shutters could not be opened to allow the outflow of excess water, as they are in damaged conditions.The main problem with the project is that the mechanical maintenance of the dam is utter failure and despite spending over Rs 400 on the dam over the years, it has failed to serve its purpose, according to an engineer who was associated with the project in its early stage.\"Maintenance of a dam is not just the painting of the shutters, it has to be made sure that all the shutters are in proper condition so that it can be opened in an emergency condition like this,\" he said, adding that the project has become a synonym of huge corruption that has put the life of the people in the nearby areas at stake.\"They don't even put grease in the bearings and the huge money spent in the name of maintenance has gone into some pockets for sure,\" he added.The lack of coordination between the engineering and mechanical wing is the issue that affects the security of the dam now, according to another official associated with the project.During a review meeting last year, Water Resources Minister P J Joseph had promised to take immediate action to address the issue pertaining to the dam, and had even announced the had sanctioned rupees six crore for the repairing of the shutters. Though the repairing of two shutters was supposed to be completed in three months, even after one year only one shutter has been repaired and nearly half of the 16 shutters are not in working condition.\"Now the government has assigned the work to Kerala Electrical &amp; Allied Engineering Co Ltd (KEL), which is fully owned by the state government,\" said K M Gopalan, the assistant engineer of the Pazhassi Project. However, he agreed that most of the shutters are in a weak condition.\"But, there is no need to press the panic button as of now, and the water level is receding,\" he said. Though the level was around 29.26 metres in the morning, by evening it has come down to below 28 metres and if the intensity of the rain reduces it is expected that they would be able to maintain the water level at full reservoir level of 26.52 metres.But that does not bring down the level of fear among the local residents. \"If the authorities had taken proper measures to maintain the shutters of the dam they could have prevented the disaster, and it is meaningless to resort to the blame game over the dame now,\" said Jose T K, a resident of Iritty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15396646", "title": "Rehabilitation only for the displaced: Tarun Gogoi", "text": "GUWAHATI: Putting an end to fears expressed by the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) leadership that more people are coming to its areas from relief camps, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Tuesday said rehabilitation was only meant for the displaced and not everybody in relief camps.\"The credentials of the inmates of the relief camps will be verified for rehabilitation. The rehabilitation will be only for the displaced people. We are giving relief to all inmates of camps but only the genuinely displaced among them will get the rehabilitation,\" he said.The rehabilitation package includes free GI sheets from the state government and the central assistance announced by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh durng his visit to Kokrajhar on July 25.During the ethnic clash, over four lakh people belonging to Bodo, Bengali-speaking Muslims and other groups, including Koch-Rajbongshis and Bengali Hindus in Kokrajhar, Chirang &amp; Dhubri districts were forced to leave their homes and take shelter in relief camps.The CM admitted that there were people from outside the violence-hit areas in relief camps. \"We have told the BTC leadership that there is no space for any illegal migrants in BTAD areas. Only the bonafide land owners will live in BTAD. We have records with us and we will go by that only.\"Last week, Gogoi had said the number of relief camps has come down to 242 and about 1.16 lakh inmates have returned home. There are still 3,50,960 people in the remaining camps. According to the state home department, there are still 63 camps in Kokrajhar district with 1,26,218 inmates. In Dhubri district, there are 133 camps with 1,52,861 inmates, all belonging to the minority community. In Bongaigaon, there are 14 camps with 14,700 inmates from the minority community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397588", "title": "Right to Education helplines ringing off the hook", "text": "CHENNAI: Several students from economically underprivileged backgrounds have been dialling the Right to Education (RTE) Act helpline numbers, wanting to know how they could get into good private schools. According to the Right to Education (RTE) Act, which came into force from April 1, 2010, 25% seats are reserved for underprivileged sections in all private unaided schools.Several private schools in the city have not implemented the provision and many people have called the helpline numbers with complaints.The State Council of Educational Research and Training (SCERT) created the RTE helpline numbers (044-28278742, 28211391) to help implement the legislation and give needy students access to private schools. Delhi-based NGO Social Jurist has also started national helplines (09868529459, 08826456565) for free legal assistance under the RTE Act to students from poor backgrounds.\"We have received several calls from various parts of the state,\" said SCERT joint director (schemes) M Palanisamy We are taking steps to address the complaints. We are also conducting various awareness programs for both parents and teachers.\"Officials of SCERT said several callers ask for documents required for admission under the RTE Act. Many students and parents also want to know the nodal officers they should contact for admissions and the process of reimbursement of school fees.\"Most people are still unaware of the legislation. Many private schools claim that the RTE quota is not applicable to minority-administered schools,\" said a senior SCERT official. \"We are also getting complaints that some private schools are not allowing admission under the RTE Act. We will take every step to ensure that the RTE Act is a success in the state.\"Ashok Aggarwal, advisor of Social Jurist and national president of the parent's association, said the national helpline has received several calls from Tamil Nadu. \"We are providing legal help to needy students seeking admission under the legislation,\" he said. \"Some callers have complained of arbitrary hikes in the school fees without any notice.\"Students Federation of India (SFI) is planning to organise campaigns across the state to promote awareness on the Act. The federation's state president, K S Kanagaraj, said many private schools are flouting the RTE Act. \"We have been conducting various campaigns and seminars demanding effective implementation of the law,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15395923", "title": "Minor raped in Navayard", "text": "VADODARA: An eight-year-old girl was raped by her 17-year-old neighbour when she went to meet her friend on Tuesday afternoon. The incident occurred in Navayard area of the city and a complaint of rape has been registered at Fatehgunj police station.The accused fled from his residence after committing the crime. Police said the victim, a resident of Roshannagar, had gone to meet her friend staying in her neighbourhood. Her friend was not at home. However, her brother called her inside. He then forced himself on her and raped her. \"After committing the crime, the boy fled from his house. The girl's mother came looking for her and found her crying. The victim told her mother about the incident following which the police complaint was filed,\" said a police official.The boy's father owns a vegetable stall while the girl's father sells fruits for a living. Police have begun a hunt for the accused who is on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396165", "title": "Dharavi consultant awarded Rs 2.85 cr", "text": "MUMBAI: Mukesh Mehta, who conceived the Rs 5,600-crore Dharavi Redevelopment Project (DRP) in 2004 has been awarded Rs 2.85 crore for his services as a consultant to the state by an arbitral tribunal.The amount includes Rs 1.86 crore fees and Rs 59 lakh which was 5% of the fees withheld under the contract condition as retention money. The tribunal has also directed the state government to pay a 14% interest on both the amounts from May 16, 2011 onwards (the date on which the tender process was cancelled) till the date of realization. According to the agreement terms, Mehta was to receive Rs 14 crore towards pre-tender activities. The government had paid Rs 12.63 crore and had withheld 5% of the amount to be paid as retention fees under the pre-tender activities.The matter was referred to an arbitrator after a Conciliation Committee set up by the state government failed to resolve the matter between the DRP and Mehta.The award was announced in May this year by a three-member arbitral tribunal by majority. The tribunal comprised Justice (retired high court judge) V G Palshikar, Sharad Upasani (retired bureaucrat) and R C Iyer (retired bureaucrat). While Upasani was nominated as arbitrator by Mehta, Iyer was nominated by the Slum Rehabilitation Authority (SRA). Both of them then appointed Justice Palshikar as the presiding arbitrator. While Palshikar and Upasani were in favour, Iyer had opposed the award.In 2004, the DF government approved the DRP, which was at that time estimated at Rs 5,600 crore. Subsequently in November 2008, through a cabinet decision,it appointed Mehta as a project consultant and asked him to undertake pre-tender work.The tribunal has noted that the Mehta's consent to the contract was obtained by financial duress. But it rejected his claim that his remuneration ceiling be ignored. The tribunal noted that it had no jurisdiction to consider claims not covered by the agreement.The tribunal noted that the claimant was not working on the project as a philanthropist. Even the respondent was not treating it as a welfare project. \"It (SRA) intended to make profit and this is evident from the agreement where the respondent agreed to give a nice premium to the claimant.\"The SRA had argued that since the contract was subsisting, Mehta was not entitled to the retention money and it would be returned to him only after post-tender work is completed. The tribunal, however, said the agreement did not stipulate any such condition. Also for two years, no work was undertaken by either party under the contract.\"The respondent (SRA) cannot indefinitely withhold the retention money. During the period of this contract, the Mhada and the respondent have converted the entire project into 32 sectors. When all this work would be complete cannot be guessed by any ordinary prudent man,'' states the award while upholding Mehta's claim to the retention fees. It, however, rejected Mehta's claim relating to idling cost saying it was outside the scope of the agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15398184", "title": "Hospital safety under scanner", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Tuesday said it would soon conduct a survey to verify whether the government and private hospitals adopt safety measures. This follows the tragic death of a patient after his fall from a multi-storey private hospital here on Monday. Seventy-five-year-old Basant Kumar Sahoo died after falling in the duct room of the hospital.\"It was sad. I will discuss with my department officers to check the safety measures in hospitals in Bhubaneswar and other places. We are planning to bring a regulatory system for private hospitals,\" state's new health minister Dr Damodar Rout said.\"Many private hospitals do not have adequate fire-fighting mechanism. Some hospitals have violated safety norms and come up in residential areas. Those healthcare institutions would be asked to take remedial measures,\" Rout said.It is worth mentioning that the state government recently conducted a survey in government and private hospitals in the aftermath of the devastating AMRI hospital fire in Kolkata last year. Notices were served on many hospitals to upgrade their infrastructure to combat fire mishaps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15401647", "title": "Katrina Kaif is inspiring: Sunny Leone", "text": "In Kolkata, Sunny Leone says her B'wood career wasn't plannedAfter having been a much visible adult star, how challenging was it for you to reveal something new? Does it hurt your ego that people are apprehensive about your acting talent? In fact, it was quite easy. I am happy to have got the love and affection from the people. I can't change people's perceptions of me. I am not ashamed of my past. People have, at times, had pre-conceived notions of me. But then, this is my first Indian movie. I had never planned a Bollywood career. How many people get this much of attention when they do their first film? This is a new chapter in my life and I know I am very lucky. Critics have not really torn me into shreds saying that I can't act. I know I have a long way to go but I am happy with the start I've made. Last year, you did just only one adult movie. This year you have none. Has the craze for porn gone down? My company produces three to five porn movies a month. I wish to clarify and say that while my company continues to make porn, I have only acted in one last year. This year, I haven't done a single porn film. But there has been no increase or decrease in the interest in porn. It is a billion-dollar industry and continues to be where it was. How did your hubby react when he first watched a porn movie of yours? We don't watch movies together. It is my job and he lets do it the way I want to. When he watched me in \" Jism 2\", he was pleasantly surprised. He had seen bits and pieces of the movie while I was shooting. He loved the story. But it was a different experience for him to see the whole Hindi film. He is my best friend and confidant. Your character in \"Jism 2\" got terribly hurt when your partner left you unannounced. Has anyone ever ditched you in real life? Things have never gone that extreme with me. I am a lover and not a fighter in a relationship. I understand that if a relationship is not working, one has to move forward. But I can never think of taking revenge. Do you ever get tired of this sexy image? Ever want to revamp it? Every single person is sexy in their own way. It's interesting to play different roles. It all depends on the package. Would you ever want to play a rustic character where you don't need to shed clothes at all? I would love to play characters where I need to sing and dance. I don't mind a rural belle. Your voice got dubbed by Smita Malhotra despite you claiming to have learnt Hindi.Are you looking at Katrina for inspiration now that Salman says she speaks as good Hindi as anyone else? I can continue with general conversations but doing a full-fledged interview in Hindi is difficult. Once I go back to the US, I'll continue with my Hindi diction and dance classes. There are lots of people who are outsiders in the industry. There just can't be any excuses for not delivering well. Katrina is definitely inspiring. While once there were objections to the \"Jism 2\" posters from NCP and now a member of the same party wants you to attend a dahi handi function! How do you deal with hypocrisy? It wasn't me in the posters. There will always be detractors who will tear down posters and some others who will put up others. I don't think the protests had anything to do with me. As far as I am concerned, I won't be attending the dahi handi festival. What tastes sweetest for you? Success tastes sweet. I am more than happy with the way my fans have showered their love and affection on me. That sure tastes good.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15395779", "title": "More Japanese firms may line up in state: Juntaro Shimizu", "text": "VADODARA: The state may see an influx of more Japanese companies after Vibrant Gujarat Summit next year. The Japan External Trade Organization (JETRO) that is a partner in the Vibrant Gujarat 2013 feels that Japanese firms manufacturing auto parts would flock the state in coming years. JETRO deputy director general, Juntaro Shimizu told TOI that several Japanese firms are keen to be in the state after JETRO began partnering in Vibrant Gujarat summits.Shimizu was in the city on Tuesday to attend the curtain raiser event for INDIA CHEM 2012 that will be organized in Mumbai on October 2. \"Lots of firms manufacturing auto parts are looking to do business in Gujarat. The state has several big automobile companies like General Motors and Tata and companies like Ford, Peugeot and Maruti are arriving here soon,\" Shimizu said.According to JETRO, till 2008 Gujarat had only four Japanese companies and the number rose to 29 in 2011. \"Gujarat's business policies, quality infrastructure and peaceful atmosphere are one of the major reasons that Japanese companies are investing here. Also, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi is business friendly,\" Shimizu added. tnnThe event was also attended by Jose Cyriac, secretary, chemicals and petrochemicals, Union ministry of chemicals and fertilizers and Maheshwar Sahu, principal secretary, industries and mines, Gujarat. Cyriac said that his department is drafting a new policy for chemical industries in the country. \"We are in the process of drafting new policy after studying policies of other countries that have chemical industries. But the attitude of chemical industries also needs to be changed for reducing pollution,\" Cyriac added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396620", "title": "Hamid Ansari re-elected vice-president in one-sided contest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hamid Ansari secured his re-election as vice-president with consummate ease, setting Congress on course to seal the post of deputy chairman of Rajya Sabha for its candidate P J Kurien.Congress made a rare departure from tradition to re-nominate the incumbent \u2014 only the second after S Radhakrishnan \u2014 though this meant only a consolation for the former diplomat who had appeared to be the front-runner for President before he was outmanoeuvred by Pranab Mukherjee's supporters like the Samajwadi Party .Tuesday's election turned out to be a no-contest. Ansari defeated the NDA nominee Jaswant Singh by 252 votes in the electoral college of 787 Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha MPs. Of the 736 votes polled, Ansari secured 490 against Singh's 238. Majority of the MPs including Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , leader of oppositions in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley , respectively, cast their votes in the first two hours of the polling. Rajya Sabha MPs Sachin Tendulkar (cricketer) and Rekha (Bollywood actress) also cast their votes.Fifty one MPs did not cast their votes, while eight votes were declared invalid. The abstentions largely belonged to BJD, TDP and RSP that had decided to stay away from the election. An ailing Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh too failed to cast his vote.Congress decided to lose no time in pushing for Kurien's election as deputy to Ansari who, as the vice-president, is also the chairman of Rajya Sabha. While the party has finalized the candidature of Kerala MP, it is likely to seek formal approval from UPA allies at the meeting of coordination committee on Wednesday.The first day of the monsoon session of Parliament is likely to witness Congress pocketing all the key posts starting with President. While Pranab Mukherjee won the Presidential poll in a one-sided contest, Ansari too did not face any hurdle in his re-election.A retired IFS officer and former vice-chancellor of the Aligarh Muslim University, Ansari was proposed for VP's post in 2007 by the Left bloc, which was supporting the UPA-1 from outside. While the Left was divided over supporting Mukherjee for President, it had no problems in supporting Ansari for a second term.Parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal said 21 members from BJD, 11 from TDP, six from Congress and supporting parties and two nominated members did not cast their votes.BJP members Shatrughan Sinha and Dilip Singh Judeo could not vote on ground grounds, while Trinamool MPs Kakoli Dastidar and Kabir Suman, and SP member Brij Bhushan Singh were abroad.A Padma Shree awardee, Ansari became Vice-Chancellor of the Aligarh Muslim University in May, 2000, and held the post till March, 2002.The Rajya Sabha chairman courted controversy towards the end of his tenure, when he abruptly adjourned the House on the last day of the last winter session when a crucial discussion on Lokpal Bill was underway. The BJP-led Opposition wanted a vote on the Lokpal Bill and the adjournment was criticized by the BJP as \"murder of democracy at midnight\", casting aspersions on the impartiality of the chair. The opposition party cited Ansari's management of the House on that day as the reason why it opposed his candidature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15396563", "title": "Student hangs self in hostel room in Tonk", "text": "JAIPUR: A 22-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging from the ceiling of her hostel room at Banasthali Vidyapeeth in Niwai in Tonk district on Monday. A suicide note was recovered from the room which stated that she was depressed due to homesickness as she was staying away from her family for the first time in her life.According to the police, the incident took place at Nikunj Hostel around 2 pm on Monday. The deceased, Megha Arora, was a resident of Ajmer and was a first year student at Banasthali Vidyapeeth, pursuing Master of Science (MSc) degree.\"Megha had gone to her residence in Ajmer for Rakhi festival and returned on Sunday. The other girls said she looked depressed ever since she got admission in the institute,\" SHO, Niwai, Rajesh Verma said.The officer added that the girl locked herself in the hostel room. \"There were other girls in the hostel but they were in another room. Most of them were either sleeping or busy with studies,\" the officer added.\"When she did not come out of the room for a long time, the hostel warden and other girls peeked through the ventilator and saw her hanging. They immediately informed the university authorities,\" said the officer.A police team rushed to the spot. \"We recovered a suicide note from the room. It seems she was feeling homesickness as she has said she did not want to stay away from her parents. She also stated that she was taking her life on her own will and nobody should be bothered for this,\" said the officer. The body was handed over to family members after post mortem .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15398421", "title": "Local intelligence bureau men collect haftas, says Pratapsingh Rane", "text": "Leader of opposition Pratapsing Rane alleged that the staff of the local intelligence bureau (LIB) is involved in collection of hafta and they should not be allowed to work at one place for more than three months. Speaking on Home demands, Rane said that the \"LIB men should be transferred every three months from their stations\". Chief minister Manohar Parrikar responded saying that the LIB's job is to collect information but \"I think they have forgotten the word 'information'.\" He also said that it is not possible to transfer LIB staff every three months because they require time to cultivate sources.'Extremely backward' class for Dhangars: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday assured to consider creating an \"extremely backward\" sub-category in the OBC category for the dhangar community in Goa but only after studying the legal position on the issue. Parrikar gave the assurance in reply to a starred question by opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane on the Dhangar community. Rane wanted to know whether the government would consider passing on all benefits given to the dhangar community pending recognition of that community as tribals. In his reply, social welfare minister Mahadev Naik said the government would pass on the benefits to the dhangar community \"except the benefits given to the scheduled tribes in reservations for employment and for admissions in educational institutions\". St Andre BJP MLA Vishnu Wagh said that the state government should first include the dhangars in the ST list and then request the centre to do so.New Agriculture Bill: Revenue minister Francis D'Souza on Tuesday introduced the Goa Land Use (Regulation) (Amendment) Bill 2012, to prohibit the use of agricultural land for any purpose other than agriculture. \"In order to protect existing agricultural land in the state of Goa, the Bill seeks to amend Section 2 of the Goa Land Use (regulation) Act 1991 (Goa Act 3 of 1991), so as to prohibit use of the agricultural land for any purpose other than agriculture,\" states the Bill. The amendment defines 'Agriculturist' as a person who cultivates land personally in the state of Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15400806", "title": "Gurdwara shooting: Nirupama Rao meets families of victims in Oak Creek", "text": "WASHINGTON: Indian ambassador to the US Nirupama Rao was briefed by the FBI and local police about the investigation into the Gurdwara shooting incident as she visited Milwaukee to offer support to the victims and their families.As expressions of support poured in from across the nation, with people holding peace rallies and candle light vigils in dozens of cities, Rao flew in from Washington to the tragedy struck city in Wisconsin.The Indian ambassador also met the Oak Creek mayor, Steve Scaffidi, besides officials from the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the local police who provided her a first had assessment of the ongoing investigation.They briefed the Indian ambassador on how the incident happened and the steps that are now being taken by the police and local administration for the protection of the Sikh community as well as the status of the investigation.Later in the evening she attended a community vigil held in honour of the shooting victims where she briefly addressed those attending the meet to honour those killed in the shooting incident.She met the victims' families in Oak Creek including relatives of Satwant Singh Kaleka, the slain president of the Gurdwara, who confronted the shooter and helped save the lives of several worshippers.In her meetings with the victims' families, Rao expressed her condolences and sympathies and offered all kinds of assistance on behalf of the Indian government.\"Struck by calm&composure; of victim families. No trace of rancor. But their tears would fill an ocean, make it overflow,\" Rao tweeted after her meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15398640", "title": "Green grant for Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Chief minister Nabam Tuki on Monday said Arunachal has received the highest grant under the 13{+t}{+h} Finance Commission by way of \"green bonus\". He emphasized on the need to protect the forests so that the state can continue to get higher central allocation in the future. Exhorting officials to utilize the CAMPA fund meant for afforestation programme properly, he said community participation should be made mandatory in such schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15398699", "title": "Home guard personnel to skip Independence Day march past", "text": "GUWAHATI: The state's home guard personnel will skip Independence Day ceremony this year. As the state government is not paying any attention to their demands, the members of All India Home Guards' Welfare Association (AIHGWA), Assam unit announced their decision not to participate in the march past ceremony this I-Day.Addressing the media on Tuesday, the members of the AIHGWA said almost 26,000 home guards of the state would abstain from participation in the I-Day march past ceremony. The state unit has been demanding an immediate amendment of the Assam Police Home Guards Act and Rule, 1947 for a long time, but the state government has been ignoring their demand.The members said they will go on a 10-hour strike on August 15 to express anger over the state government's apathy.\"The government treats us like slaves and orders us around, but never fulfill our needs or protects our rights. Though the Centre, in a directive, asked the state government to appoint the home guards as constables, the state government has done nothing about it,\" said Dwipen Sarma, president of the state unit.Blaming the state government of favoring the surrendered ultras over home guard jawans in allotting jobs in the police force, the state unit mocked the state government and asked, \"Do we need to become militant and then surrender to get our due recognition?\"AIHGWA also asked its members to abstain from going to riot-affected BTC area until the state government meets their demands.\"During riots in Goalpara district, home guards were deployed as Special Police Officers. But after situation became normal, the government discharged these jawans without giving any credit or monetary security. Now they are jobless. We fear this time too our jawans will face the same treatment. We will only go to the riot-affected areas, if the government has a transparent policy regarding the job security of our jawans,\" added Sarma.On August 2, the state home department in a directive asked 1,200 home guards to report to Kokrajahar, Chirang and Udalguri districts by August 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396534", "title": "'All faiths encourage sharing of wealth'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Charity manifests itself in different forms in all faiths. While it is binding on Muslims to offer charity in the form of zakat, Sikhs are encouraged to share wealth, observed speakers from various faiths at an interfaith dialogue organised on Tuesday.Addressing a gathering of theologians, social activists and mediapersons at 'Charity for Empowerment: Concept and Practices in Different Faiths' organised by Indialogue Foundation and Interfaith Forum - Cova, Maulana Khalid Saifullah Rahmani said, \"Charity is not a moral act but a legal obligation to help the poor. Zakat is primarily a congregational welfare system to uplift the destitute by various means, helping in kind and also by means of a good education. Islam brought about a structuring of charity by making it legally binding on Muslims to give a percentage of their wealth to the needy.\"Sardar Nanak Singh Nishter, director, International Sikh Centre for Interfaith Relations, noted that the Gurus made use of the grants given to them for creating employment for the masses.\"They encouraged artisans and merchants for transacting businesses from locals and far off places by extending financial assistance. There is no concept of charity in Sikhism since the receiver becomes inferior and the giver superior which brings about inequality. Sikhism asks to share one's earning for bridging the gap between the rich and poor.\"While Dr Anthoniraj Thumma, executive secretary, AP Federation of Churches, noted that crores were spent for treatment and rehabilitation of AIDS and tuberculosis patients by various charities, this was not enough. \"There must be empowerment by education. Social and economic equality must go hand in hand. We must nip poverty in the bud. Charity must be given so that the poor stand up on their own feet and become employable or self sufficient. Unfortunately the government has taken thousand of acres from the poor in the name of setting up special economic zones.\"Among other speakers were Sangarakshit Mahatera, chairman, Budhha Vihar, Kastur Chanji Jhabak, president, Shri Jain Swetamber Sangh, Vital Rao Arya, president, Arya Prathividhi Sabha and Brahma Kumari Anjali and O M Debara from the Parsi community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15397324", "title": "Punjab: 3 units of two thermal plants develop technical snags", "text": "PATIALA: There is more bad news for already power-starved Punjab, that is three units of two thermal power plants have developed technical snags and stopped working. It has badly affected the power generation of state and availability of power has come down to 1768 lakh units (LUs).As per sources, the unit number 2 and 4 of Guru Nanak Dev thermal power plant in Bathinda and unit no 3 of Guru Hargobind Singh thermal plant in Lehramohabat have stopped working since Monday night after a technical snag. The repair work is expected to be completed not before Wednesday morning.In total the power production has come down by around 440 MW with the closure of all three units, said a power department official.Senior officers working to restore the generation told TOI that unit 4 of Bathinda thermal plant has been closed for its much required repair and maintenance, while remaining two units have developed technical snags in their respective boiler tubes.\"Power cuts have increased since Monday night. There are more than 6-7 hours of power cuts. The PSPCL authorities must repair these units at the earliest,\" said Navreet Singh, from Patiala.The state power figure shows had these units not developed snags, gap between power demand and supply in Punjab would have reduced to only few lakh units. But despite a reduction in power demand due to insufficient rains in some parts of Punjab during last 24 hours, state power authorities are not able to meet it due to reduction of generation. The demand has come down to 2068 LUs during last 24 hours against 2200 LUs of last some days. But PSPCL authorities have only 1768 LUs and are facing shortage of 300 units.\"Our two units will start functioning on Wednesday morning. It would reduce power shortage in the entire state. Our officers are working to rectify faults,\" said director distribution of PSPCL Arun Verma.Out of total available power, 500 LUs are coming from its own thermal generation, 190 LUs from own hydro projects, 139 LUs from Bhakra Beas Management Board, 8 LUs from natural renewal sources, 450 LUs from central allocation, 130 through banking from other states, while remaining portion of power is coming through purchase from various sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15398670", "title": "Mary does her 'Kom' proud", "text": "IMPHAL: The Koms, the tribe to which ace pugilist MC Mary Kom belongs, is one of the smallest communities in Manipur. But Mary's Olympic feat - storming into the semi-finals in the Olympics, assuring herself a medal - has put this tiny tribe of 20,000 in focus.It has also made 29-year-old Mary, a mother of two, the brightest star in her community, which is basking in the glory of her success. \"With her Olympic win, Mary has put the Koms on the global map. We are really proud of her. Her victory has inspired us to groom more champions like her from among budding Komrem youths,\" said Achon Kom, a resident of Koirenthak Khuman, a Kom village in Churchandpur district.Meanwhile, in Mary's native village, Kangathei, 40km from Imphal in Churachanpur, there's a carnival of sorts on with everyone joining in the celebrations for her Monday win. \"She is a five-time world champion and has won many medals. But winning an Olympic medal is an altogether different story. She has done Manipur, especially Kangathei, proud. Until now were just a lesser-known tribe, but her win has catapulted us to fame. When she returns back from London with a medal, we will celebrate her victory in the most befitting manner. We hope she comes back with the gold,\" said S Kom, a resident of Kangathei.Incidentally, the Koms are neither a Naga nor a Kuki tribe. They are part of Komrem, a conglomerate of six sub-tribes, whose total population is around 35,000. The other five Komrem tribes Kharam, Chiru, Aimol, Koiren and Purum. The Komrem tribes are mostly settled at the foothills of Churchachanpur, Bishnupur, Imphal West, Imphal East and Chandel districts surrounding the Imphal valley.The Komrem Baptist Churches Association (KRBCA), while thanking all communities of Manipur for supporting Mary, requested all to continue praying for her so she brings the glory of gold to the state. The Komrem Students' Union (KSU) also thanked all well-wishers of Mary. \"The blessings of the Almighty and prayers of her well-wishers have a big part to play in Mary's success. We urge all to continue praying for her as she prepares for her semi-final bout on August 8 against World No. two boxer Nicola Adams ,\" said M Angam Kom, KSU general secretary.Besides Mary, the Koms have produced some other tribesmen who have brought them laurels. One of them is a senior IPS officer, L Kailun Kom, who is serving as the inspector general of Manipur Police, besides some doctors, a well-known judge.Achon Kom, who is also the secretary of Kom Culture Dance and Research Centre, said according to the tribe's belief, the name 'Kom\" was derived from the phrase 'Lu Kakom' meaning 'turbaned people'. Incidentally, Mary's glory comes at a time when the Komrem tribes, most of which have converted to Christianity, have embarked on a mission to revive their dying culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15398564", "title": "Kabini dam 4ft away from the magic mark", "text": "MYSORE: The dam at Beechanahalli built across Kapila river in Heggadadevanakote taluk that missed its record is reaching it, which could lessen the pressure on Karnataka to release water to Tamil Nadu. The Kapila dam, which holds the record of being the first reservoir in the state to fill up to the brim within days after the onset of monsoon, is filling up and fast. Thanks to torrential rainfall, the dam is logging water and racing towards the brim. It is 4 ft away from the magic mark of 2,284 ft, the maximum level of the dam.The inflow, which was merely a trickle last week, has jumped to 20,000 cusecs and the reservoir, which is also known as Kabini dam, is expected to release floodwater by Wednesday, according to officials. The floodwater will flow to TN, the lower riparian state in the Cauvery basin. TN has said its share of Cauvery water from Karnataka for June and July has not been released. With the Kabini dam filling to the brim, the simmering tension might ease. Located 50 km from the city, Beechanahalli houses the reservoir which used to get filled up during the first few days of the onset of southwest monsoon. In 2011, the water level was up to the brim on June 25.Generally, the water level used to touch the brim and floodwater released to the river by June end. It is not the case this season indicating scanty rainfall. Heavy rainfall in Kodagu has led to steady rise in KRS near Mysore. The dam level rose by 4 feet in a day touching 84 ft late on Tuesday. The inflow is 31,432 cusecs, which was some 8,000 cusecs on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15396951", "title": "Lalgarh will rise again, warns freed rebel leader", "text": "After the encounter death of Kishanji, the Maoists have apparently lost their power to challenge the Bengal government. The cadres are demoralized and it is reflected in the series of recent surrenders. At a time like this, one of the most senior Maoist leaders, Ashok alias Chandi Sarkar , has been released from prison. The rebel party is looking up to this veteran leader for its revival in Bengal. The 67-year-old former state committee member speaks to Caesar Mandal...Has Lalgarh failed to advance the Maoist movement in the state?I don't think that Lalgarh upsurge has failed. It's true that we are on the back-foot. Many of our party workers and leaders are behind bars or martyred. We even lost a leader like Kishanji. His death is undoubtedly a major jolt to the organization across the country. But despite these severe losses, we will be able to recover, since a large section of the masses is still with us. The people of Lalgarh and the entire Jangalmahal are waiting for another spontaneous movement.Is the bonhomie with mainstream political parties, especially Trinamool Congress in Nandigram and Lalgarh, a key reason for the failure of the Maoists in Bengal?No. It was never against our party line. We have a specific direction that for the sake of revolutionary movement, the party may join hands with the grassroots level workers of other political parties who are in distress. It was a strategic alliance in Nandigram and Lalgarh, where a large section of people from the Trinamool grassroots joined the resistance. The same question was raised after the Garbeta episode, where the former ruling party, CPM, took our help. But we knew that soon after getting their domain back, CPM would make an all-out effort to wipe us out.If you were aware of this, how did the Trinamool-led government inflict such heavy damage on your party soon after being sworn in?It's true that we have suffered more organisational losses during the new regime than in previous years. Such strategic alliances need to be planned very carefully after identifying the real friend or the right person for the organization. In Lalgarh, the party definitely made mistakes.Do you think that the reins of the Lalgarh movement went out of the hands of your party leadership?The Lalgarh upsurge was a spontaneous flare-up of the grievances of Jangalmahal people. In the field, it is difficult to bridle all the acts. It's true that more control was needed, but I am not the right person to comment as I was not in Lalgarh. There were definitely some faults and my party leadership is probing them. But I would again say that the apparent crushing of Lalgarh's upsurge is temporary, since the government could not solve the basic problems that gave rise to the movement. The land will raise the voice of protest once again.Your comrades are under pressure across the country. Even your party headquarters Abujmad is under attack. You have lost a number of senior leaders...Temporary setback is a part of revolutionary movement. Since 2005 we have lost important leaders like Kishanji and Azad. Unlike revolutionary organizations in other countries, since the spring thunder - the Naxalbari upsurge - Indian revolutionary parties have always lost their leadership.It's a mad trend of Indian movement that despite such serious losses, the mass support helps us survive. No one can say that we have lost control over our domain. In other states like Chhattishgarh, Orissa and Jharkhand, my party comrades are brilliantly taking on the tremendous state repression and advancing the organization. We are getting stronger. New leaders are emerging and the resistance will get more intense.Our party will soon reply to the state forces with a major blow. Wait and see.Do you think it will be easy to revive the Bengal unit when most of the senior leadership is in jail or killed?At present our organization in Bengal is far behind other states. It's not easy to recover from such losses, but not too difficult either. I am not saying that in a few months we will be able to reconstruct the state committee and other area committees, which have suffered major damages. I can't even say that we will soon be able to counter the state forces. The situation is not easy to regroup and plan a fresh stir. But I can assure that we will be back with a stronger organization. Because there are millions of victims of oppression and it's our job to spearhead their grievances towards a movement.What's your immediate plan to rebuild the party in Bengal?At present, mass movement is very important. We would inspire people to build up a strong mass resistance to release the political prisoners. It's now our immediate goal.We have to keep in mind that with the time, the nature of the class struggle is changing. Problems are changing and accordingly party will have to act.What's your view about the recent split in Nepal Maoist party?The only thing I can say that if the leaders of the new party had split a year ago, then there would have been less loss in the organization. It should have been done long before when the party adopted Prachanda's parliamentary politics line. I congratulate the new party for going back to revolutionary line leaving parliamentary politics.Can you rule out a party insider's hand behind Kishanji's death?Some mistakes were definitely committed that led to the death of Kishanji. For long, the party was worried about his security. The party alerted him and he had the expertise to handle such hazards. Perhaps, for some practical reasons, he could not follow all the security directiveslaid down by the party. Your hint is very clear - whether party workers present there had betrayed or not. I would say it was not easy for the persons you hint at to trap him. We are probing what had happened. The truth will come out soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "15396935", "title": "Gorkhaland Territorial Administration nominates executive members", "text": "Darjeeling: After taking charge as the chief executive of Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) on Tuesday, Bimal Gurung announced the names of the seven executive members of the new administrative set-up.The GTA Sabha will consist of 45 elected members and five will be nominated. Fourteen executive members will also be nominated to run the GTA.Gurung nominated Col (retd) Ramesh Allay as the deputy chief of the GTA. Some others to be nominated were GJM general secretary and assistant secretary Roshan Giri and Binay Tamang, R B Bhujel, Anit Thapa, Phubi Rai and Prabha Chhetri. The names of the seven other members will be announced in a couple of days.\"I have announced the names of seven GTA Sabha members. But it is not that only those elected or nominated as members will hold portfolios,\" said Gurung.Darjeeling MLA Trilok Dewan and Kalimpong Municipality chairman L B Pariyar were nominated as advisers to the GTA Sabha. Ten others from the three Hills subdivisions as well as the Terai and Dooars were nominated as invitee members to the Sabha, though the GTA does not have provisions for such posts.\"We will move a resolution in the GTA Sabha to create the posts of adviser and invitee members,\" said Gurung.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396891", "title": "Suspension a right step, say experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as parents of students suspended from L S Raheja College of Art are not happy with the decision, educationists and psychiatrists believe that this move will set an example for the future.\"The problem with our country is that people only look at physical damage but ignore mental and emotional repercussions on anybody. There have been numerous instances of students, especially studying in hostels, who have gone into depression after repeatedly being ragged by seniors or others,\" said Seema Hingorrany, a clinical psychologist. She said while awareness amid students is important, it is also important to have counselors in every college to help students deal with such cases.Experts in the field of psychiatry also said that by suspending the perpetrators of such acts of ragging, authorities have set an example. \"Not only should the authorities be lauded, but also the students who took charge of the situation and reported the act to the right authorities. Ragging is preventable if students and authorities take the right step at the right time,\" said Dr Shubhangi Parkar, head of psychiatry department at KEM Hospital.The uniqueness of this case is that cops have shown initiative to investigate the matter, despite there being no serious injury or death to anyone. The GRP said they have taken the step to discourage other students from resorting to ragging. \"Most times, students get away by harassing others but by punishing the people responsible for ragging, authorities have managed to instill fear in the minds of others,\" said Jayant Jain, president of Forum for Fairness in Education (FFE).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397529", "title": "'Congress won't give up Pune Lok Sabha seat'", "text": "PUNE: Congress will not give up the Pune Lok Sabha seat to ally Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) in the 2014 elections, the party's MLC Sharad Ranpise said on Tuesday.Speaking to reporters Ranpise, said, \"Congress will contest the Pune Lok Sabha seat in 2014 election. There is no question of giving up the seat to NCP.\"Ranpise's statement comes after recent comments from NCP leaders claiming the Pune seat. After emerging as the single largest party in the Pune Municipal Corporation and gaining a clear majority to retain the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation for the third consecutive term, NCP is eyeing the Pune Lok Sabha constituency for the 2014 polls.According to NCP leaders, the matter has been on the party's agenda since the 2007 civic elections, when MP Suresh Kalmadi lost ground. Moreover, Kalmadi has been suspended and the Congress has suffered substantial losses in the city, NCP the leaders said.But Ranpise said that the Congress was strong enough to win the Pune seat. \"We want to strengthen the collective leadership in the city Congress unit,\" he said, while deflecting questions on Kalmadi's role in the party.Kalmadi, who was suspended from the Congress following his arrest in April 2011 in connection with the multi-crore Commonwealth Games contract scam, is planning a comeback into the political arena. Recently, in an indirect challenge to the party's top brass, he said he would contest the next Lok Sabha elections from Pune.He also claimed that the party would have performed much better in the 2012 municipal polls had he participated in the election campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15398487", "title": "'Bihar will be power surplus by 2016'", "text": "PATNA: Bihar would be a power surplus state by 2016, said the state energy minister, Bijendra Prasad Yadav, in the legislative council on Tuesday, adding that improvement in the state's power scenario would be visible from 2013 itself.\"From 2013, every six months, there would be a perceptible change in power sector. Within two years, there will be a complete change in the power sector and by 2016-17, Bihar would be a power surplus state,\" Yadav told the Council.Replying to a question of Narendra Prasad Singh (BJP), the minister said, quoting a recent survey of the Central Electricity Authority (CEA), that Bihar's daily power requirement is about 2,500MW but Bihar gets around 1,800MW, subject to generation in all power plants in the eastern region.\"On an average, we get 1200MW. Right now, some power generation units at Kahalgaon and Farakka are not operational. There is generally a shortfall of 30% in supply. Out of the total power supply, we also have to provide power to Nepal, railways, tourist places, border areas and some industrial units,\" he said.He recalled that no major investment was made in the power sector after 1977. \"It was during the regime of the late Karpoori Thakur in 1977 that two generating units each (110x2MW) at Barauni and Muzaffarpur were set up and five units at Patratu (now in Jharkhand ).\"The minister said Bihar government had signed an MoU with Gurgaon-based Mirach Power Limited for setting up 660x2MW power plant in Lakhisarai district in January 2011. For this, the government has identified 900 acres of land in two villages - Pokarvan and Lai - in the district. \"But we are still waiting for coal linkage for this plant. Unless coal linkage is finalized, we cannot go ahead with land acquisition and environmental clearance process,\" he said. Bihar will get 25% energy from this project under the clause of 'first right to purchase/refusal of power, he said.The Airports Authority of India Limited has objected to construction of chimney beyond the height of 195 metres for the expansion of Kanti power plant in Muzaffarpur district. The objection comes in view of the proposed airport at Patahi in the district, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "15397662", "title": "Sindri youths march against civic body's failure to repair roads", "text": "SINDRI: Frustrated over the dilapidated condition of roads and failure of the Dhanbad Municipal Corporation (DMC) in repairing them, youths under the banner of Jharkhand Bachao Sangram Samiti took out a procession on Tuesday and demanded the civic body officials and the district administration to repair the road at the earliest.Samiti secretary Raju Pandey said, \"The procession was organized to awaken the DMC officials from slumber. The main road of the township has fallen into pieces and at many places it has ceased to resemble a road. Ditches and potholes have appeared on the newly constructed road from Jaihind Square to FCI godown within six months of construction and water logging is causing accidents on a daily basis. But despite repeated memorandums and reminders, the DMC officials have paid no heed to the demand of the people of the town.\"Demanding the district administration to probe into the irregularities in road construction, the samiti members have threatened to launch a massive agitation if the DMC officials continue to ignore our demands.Kaushal Singh, Raju Pandey, Lalmohan, Ramashish Singh and Bineshwar Singh were among who led the march.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15396878", "title": "12 injured in two accidents", "text": "JAIPUR: At least eight persons were injured when the mini bus they were travelling in turned turtle in its attempt to avoid collision with a car in Malviya Nagar's Model Town area in the city on Tuesday morning.According to the police, the mishap occurred near Balaji junction. \"A car in front of the mini bus braked suddenly. To avoid a collision with it the mini bus driver tried to take a sudden turn and the vehicle overturned,\" said a police officer.In another mishap, four women were injured when the SUV they were travelling in overturned near B-2 Bypass near Jagatpura on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15398025", "title": "'Home ICUs' for the elderly gain ground", "text": "NAGPUR: When relatives and acquaintances came to attend condolence meeting of anaesthesiologist Dr Satish Kadam's father, they were drawn towards corner of the house where deceased Jagjivanrao Kadam was tucked comfortably for over a year. The bed-ridden senior citizen had what his children call a 'home ICU' - a space equipped with all facilities a hospital has along with care that can only be provided by one's kin.Home-based care for the bed-ridden elderly is seeing a rise in the city. Irrespective of their economic backgrounds, families are striving to make the life of the elderly easier. No wonder that private and social organizations are providing those wishing to do so with the necessary equipment and manpower. \"Being from the medical field, it was easier for us to get instruments for my father, with friends chipping in with most of them. However, many of these instruments can be easily bought. Even our domestic help and driver had gotten used to handling things like oxygen cylinder, nebulizer and the BP monitor,\" said Dr Kadam. He said there were cost-effective alternatives for most facilities provided in the hospital.His wife, radiologist Dr Dipali Kadam, gives a couple of examples. \"To provide support to Baba's spine, we made a thick band out of newspaper straps that was wound around his neck. Those who can't afford either air beds or water beds can keep turning the bed-ridden patient every hour or so and apply coconut oil and powder so that the skin on their back remains dry and bed sores do not develop,\" she said.Railway employee Raju Dacha found some innovative ways to prevent bed sores. He would make cotton balls and heat them in a cooker to disinfect them, before filling them in a mattress to be used by his father, who has been bed-ridden for over two years now. \"My father had always been independent and did not want any assistance even after his body became paralyzed from one side. So, we attached a pulley to the ceiling, put a string through it and tied it to his one good hand. This way he could not only do a few things on his own but could also exercise his hands without help,\" said Dacha.Geriatrician Dr Sanjay Bajaj, who has studied home-based care for the elderly, believes the city has become well-equipped on this front in past couple of years. \"Everything from bed to equipment and even nursing care is easily available. Institutions like BP College of Social Work even give equipment on rent. Not is this cost-effective (bringing down cost by ten times), it perks up the elderly up to have family members around all the time,\" he said.There is also a trend of ordering custom-made furniture, informed furniture maker Anil Onkar. \"In the last couple of years, we have had more orders for adjustable beds, chairs and beds fitted with commodes. A few people also ask for rack shelves near the bed or tray tables attached with the beds,\" he said. Not surprisingly, the first made-to-order bed with a pot made at his shop was for his own mother.What you needAdjustable bed for raising easilyWater beds or air bedsCervical support - can also be made from straps of newspaperBedside heaterDisinfectantsAmbu bagBP monitorPulse oxymeterTake careElders should always sit on the commode while using the bathroomTheir trousers should have elastic bandsSwitches for lights should be near the bedRegular health check up must be done, preferably by the same physicianProjecting corners of beds must be covered by mattressesNeck should be mobilized regularly", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15397077", "title": "India's healthcare: It's a privatized system anyway", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has, in effect, one of the most privatized healthcare systems in the world. World Bank data for 2010, the latest available, shows that public expenditure on health in India was just 29.2% of total health spending, against the global average of 62.8%.The only countries for which data was available with a lower proportion of public spending to total spending on health were Guinea Bissau, Guinea, Sierra Leone, Afghanistan, Myanmar, Azerbaijan, Haiti, Ivory Coast, Uganda, Georgia, Yemen, Chad and Tajikstan.Not only was India's proportion of public expenditure to total spending on health considerably lower than the global average, it did not even come close to matching the average for \"low income\" countries, which was 38.8%. Even sub-Saharan Africa, with 45.3%, was doing significantly better.Taken along with the data on how much of the GDP total health expenditure accounts for, India's figures make for even more dismal reading, with the global average being 10.4% of GDP.The figure for OECD, a club of the world's most economically developed countries, was 12.9%. Middle-income countries, a group that includes India, averaged 5.7% and even low-income ones registered 5.3%. Against this, India spent a measly 4.1% from all sources of health.Put the two sets of numbers together and what it tells us is that India's public expenditure on health was equivalent to a mere 1.2%. That's against a global average of 6.5%, an OECD average of 8.4%, a middle-income countries level of 3.0% and 2.1% for low-income countries as a whole. Once again, sub-Saharan Africa with public health expenditure equivalent to 2.9% of GDP does considerably better than India.In short, not only does India spend less on healthcare than most of the world, including countries which are significantly worse off economically, even what little is spent comes largely from private sources.It is hardly surprising under the circumstances that studies have shown that spending on healthcare is, along with spending on rituals like death rites and marriages, among the major reasons for indebtedness in Indian households.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "15398516", "title": "Satnam Singh Mann's body brought to Gaya from Kerala", "text": "GAYA: The family members of Satnam Singh Mann will be approaching the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and will also demand another autopsy by a medical board in Gaya.Mann, 23, was a student of Ram Manohar Lohia National Law University, Lucknow, and a resident of Sherghati. He died of alleged torture in police custody in Thiruvanthapuram (Kerala) on August 4, 2012. Earlier, on August 1, he was arrested on charges of menacingly advancing towards Mata Amritanandana Mayi, a popular 'god woman' of Kerala, allegedly to attack her.According to Jayant Singh and Vimal Kishore, uncle and cousin respectively of Mann, they will approach the NHRC for justice, as according to them, it was not a case of unnatural death (Kerala police registered an unnatural death case in the matter) and the brilliant law student was tortured to death in custody. Kishore was present in Thiruvanthapuram at the time of inquest and as per reports, besides nearly 30 bruise marks all over the body, a bite mark was also found on the young man's thigh. There were also bruises on his head caused either by beating with a blunt weapon or by banging his head against the wall. The inquest was conducted by Hari S Nair, the local tehsildar (revenue officer, the Kerala counter part of CO in Bihar ) in the presence of the deceased's cousin.The family will also exercise all legal options available to them to get justice. Satnam's body reached Kolkata on Tuesday morning and it was scheduled to reach Sherghati by road late in the evening with Kishore accompanying the body.According to Kishore, the autopsy was conducted in Thiruvanthapuram on Monday but the report was not given to him as the officials needed 24 hours to make the report. \"The Kerala officials assured transparency and fair play. I am waiting for the autopsy report and if the report was found to be concocted to protect the guilty, we will demand second autopsy to be conducted in Gaya by a medical board,\" said Kishore.According to retired IPS MA Kazmi, the victim's family was well within its rights to demand a second autopsy here and the DM had got the power to constitute a medical board to conduct the second autopsy. While in custody, Mann was shifted to Government Mental Hospital, Peroorkada, as he reportedly showed signs of mental instability.Mental hospital superintendent G Sunil Kumar told newsmen in Thiruvanthapuram that there was no injury mark on Mann's body when he was brought to mental asylum. Mental Hospital officials have come out with the alibi that Mann entered into a brawl with a fellow inmate, but the brawl story has not been supported with evidence as the mental hospital authorities claim to have seen Mann lying in the bathroom attached to his cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15398674", "title": "'Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti will not take part in electoral process'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) on Tuesday said it will not be a part of the proposed political party to be floated by the core committee of Team Anna.Expressing discontent over the decision of Anna Hazare , Akhil said, \"Though a statement by India Against Corruption said the core committee of Team Anna has been dissolved to constitute a preparatory committee for a total revolution, masses are not ready to jumble electoral process with total revolution.\"He said the core committee of Team Anna should have continued to fight corruption and those from the core committee who want to join the electoral process should have been relieved of their duties.Akhil, however, welcomed Anna's decision of not being a part of the political party.\"KMSS was with Anna and will continue to be with him, but we will not take part in the electoral process. Elections can never be an alternative to mass movement,\" he added.AGP abstains from VP electionsGuwahati: As a mark to protest against the Centre's negligence in solving the influx problem, the AGP on Tuesday abstained from the vice presidential elections.AGP president and former chief minister Prafulla Kumar Mahanta , \"Due to the state government's inactive approach and the Centre's 'divide and rule' policy, mistrust and insecurity among various ethnic groups have increased over the years.\"\"The Centre is liable to seal the border and protect the sovereignty of the nation by stopping the infiltrators, but it did not do so. We did not vote in the vice presidential polls as a mark of protest,\" said Mahanta.AGP has three MPs-two in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15397750", "title": "Loot at travel operator\u2019s house", "text": "KANPUR: Robbers struck at the house of travel operator Dilshad in Topkhana area in Moolganj on Tuesday evening and looted the women inmates at pistol-point. They fled with the booty worth Rs 7 lakh.The gang of four robbers barged into the house when Dilshad's wife Tabassum and her maid Shashi, a resident of Gwaltoli, were busy in 'iftar'.After taking the two on knife and gun-point, they ransacked the house for nearly half-an-hour. The miscreants threatened to kill them if they raised an alarm. They decamped with gold and jewellery and cash worth Rs 7 lakh.Senior police officials reached the spot and took several persons in custody for interrogation.In Govindnagar, two chain-snatchers opened fire on a teenager, whose mother was deprived of a gold chain. The two motorcycle-borne youth were fleeing after snatching a gold chain of Janki Devi. The victim, a resident of Tilaknagar, was opening the door of her house after coming back from morning stroll at Motijheel.The gun-wielding miscreants reached the spot and snatched her gold chain. Her son Ravi started to chase them. The snatchers opened fire and the bullet missed the target. Ravi escaped unhurt.In another case, a woman identified as Sandhya Sharma, wife of Neeraj Sharma, a resident of Gujaini was deprived of her gold chain near a tempo stand in Barra in on Tuesday afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15397147", "title": "Rights team lauds victim's fight", "text": "KOLKATA: After going through months of torture at her in-laws' house for resisting their command to undergo prenatal sex determination test, Ranjana Prasad is now trying hard to come to terms with the ordeal she faced for long. Recuperating at her father's home now, the 29-year-old woman on Tuesday met a team of health officials and members of the West Bengal Women Rights' Commission.\"This is perhaps the first known case of prenatal sex determination in the state. The victim said she was taken to a place in Kolkata for the test but she is not very certain about its location. We have taken the matter very seriously and have asked the cops to trace the centre. We will follow it up regularly with the police,\" said commission chairperson Sunanda Mukherjee.She also lauded Ranjana's courage and her husband Ravindra Prasad for supporting her. \"The victim was kicked in the abdomen and tortured mentally for resisting them. We appreciate her courage and the husband's efforts.\"Ranjana has a three-year-old daughter. But her in-laws Govinda Prasad and Savitri wanted a grandson. When she conceived for the second time in 2010, her in-laws allegedly forced her to undergo prenatal sex determination test and when it revealed that she was carrying a girl child, she was forced to undergo an abortion. This time, too, she was being forced to undergo the test.\"Our family is shocked at the kind of inhuman torture Ranjana was subjected to. It is unthinkable that she was being forced to undergo a test to determine the sex of the baby,\" said Ranjana's brother Vikash Shaw.After Ranjana was released from the hospital on Monday, her husband Ravindra took her straight to her father Kashinath Shaw's Dakshindari home. \"My wife was forced to undergo the illegal test. When she was forced to abort the baby in 2010, I was out of station. I promised my wife that she would not be subjected to such torment as long as I was alive. All we want is a healthy baby,\" Ravindra told TOI on Tuesday.According to Ravindra, he was also tortured by his parents and siblings when he tried to convince them that they were committing a crime. On last Tuesday, Ravindra returned from work to find his wife being assaulted.\"My parents might be old-fashioned in their thinking. But how could my brother and sister, who are well-educated, be party to such crime? I have also suffered torture and humiliation in their hands because I opposed them. Though it was a tough decision to go against my parents and siblings, we had to approach the police this time so that they could not commit such a heinous crime again,\" Ravindra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15398713", "title": "AGP abstains from vice presidential polls", "text": "GUWAHATI: As a mark to protest against the Centre's negligence in solving the influx problem, the AGP on Tuesday abstained from the vice presidential elections.AGP president and former chief minister Prafulla Kumar Mahanta , \"Due to the state government's inactive approach and the Centre's 'divide and rule' policy, mistrust and insecurity among various ethnic groups have increased over the years.\"\"The Centre is liable to seal the border and protect the sovereignty of the nation by stopping the infiltrators, but it did not do so. We did not vote in the vice presidential polls as a mark of protest,\" said Mahanta. AGP has three MPs-two in Rajya Sabha and one in Lok Sabha .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "15397997", "title": "BJP MLA Nana Patole threatens 'jal samadhi' for Rengepar villagers' rehabilitation", "text": "BHANDARA: BJP MLA Nana Patole has threatened to commit suicide by jumping into Bawanthadi river along with villagers of Rengepar if the villagers are not rehabilitated before August 15. Patole was speaking at a press conference in Bhandara.Patole said that there are 15 families living on the banks of river Bawanthadi in Rengepar village, if they are not rehabilitated to another village or any safe place, then their houses will submerge in the river water. This happens every year and yet, the administration has not done anything to rehabilitate the villagers, Patole said. Last year, the villagers had jumped into the river to end their life, but MLA Patole himself intervened in the matter and desisted the villagers from taking such a step. A year has passed but there is no progress in the rehabilitation. A special meeting had been convened by the minister of rehabilitation to find the solution for such a vexed issue. However, local Congress MLA Anil Bawankar objected to the meeting on the grounds that Rengepar was under his assembly constituency and he should have be taken into confidence to convene such a meeting. Therefore, the meeting could not take place. \"Now, villagers have lost faith on district administration and state government, so they have decided to end their lives by jumping in the river and I will also accompany them if nothing is done by August 15,\" Patole said.Patole also said that the government has still not paid Rs12 crore to farmers for paddy procured during summer. He also raised concern over sub standard work on left bank canal of Gosikhurd irrigation project due to which fertile land in Lakhandur and Paoni tehsils is waterlogged. \"Although the issue has been raised in the state legislature, nothing has been done,\" he alleged.Water has been stocked in Bawanthadi project dam, but before storing water in the dam it was not ensured whether there is wildlife left in the submergence area. Unfortunately, langurs, deer and blue bulls drowned in the water and died. \"If any farmer kills wild animals that damages his crop, he is booked under law. But irrigation officials who are responsible for the death of wild animals in the submergence of the project are not held under wildlife protection act,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397435", "title": "Residents allege cholera cover-up in boy\u2019s death", "text": "CHENNAI: Three days after five-year-old Sathish of Meenambal Nagar in Korukkupet died after a severe bout of diarrhoea and vomiting, the residents of the colony want to know the truth behind the death. Sathish died en route to the Stanley Medical College and Hospital on Friday.Meenambal Nagar residents plan to stage a protest on Wednesday in front of the Communicable Diseases Hospital in Tondiarpet where Sathish's brothers Gautam (3) and Manikandan (1 \u00bd) and cousin Nalini (6) were admitted with similar symptoms on Friday and hastily discharged on Tuesday.The residents say the behaviour of corporation officials, who insisted that Sathish's body be buried immediately, has been suspicious. \"Just two hours after we reached home, they demanded that we bury the body. They didn't even let us keep the body till Saturday morning, to allow his grandmother a last glimpse,\" Sathish's father Suresh said on Tuesday.Many neighbours wondered why the officials were making such a fuss about the burial when they believed the death was due to diarrhoea. The residents also questioned the sudden discharge of the three other children on Tuesday evening from the Communicable Diseases Hospital. \"Gautam and Nalini were discharged as per schedule but they told us Manikandan would have to be kept till Wdnesday morning or afternoon. But after they got some enquiries about us, we were all discharged,\" said Sathish's mother S Gowri.Corporation officials, however, say the boy was never tested for cholera. A corporation press release, quoting doctors, said he was brought dead to the SMCH on August 3 and buried the same day. \"While we were conducting a medical camp in the area, we visited the boy's house and found three other children with the same symptoms,\" the release added. They were referred to the CDH and were discharged on Tuesday, corporation officials said. They reiterated that there was no cholera in the city and that there was no cause for panic.Sathish could be the second diarrhoea death in the last two months, after the July 21 death of Pullamal (60) of Chetpet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15395956", "title": "Muslim outfits under lens in Assam, Manipur", "text": "NEW DELHI: As fresh incidents were reported in lower Assam districts amid growing suspicion of 'external' links to the violence, central agencies have put 14 organizations -- operating in the troubled areas -- under the scanner.The state, on its part, on Tuesday recommended CBI probe into the violence which claimed 73 lives. The cases will be handed over to the central agency in the next few days.\"The Centre will on Thursday send a special team, comprising home ministry officials, to Guwahati to decide on which particular cases from among the FIRs registered by the local police would be taken up for probe by the CBI,\" said an official.Referring to the organizations under the scanner of agencies, sources said a list of 14 such groups was prepared by intelligence agencies after inputs suggested that their activities were inimical to peace and social harmony.\"All these organizations have come into existence in the last 20 years. While many of them are believed to have external links, some are engaged in militant activities,\" an official said.The organizations are Muslim Security Council of Assam, United Liberation Militia of Assam, Islamic Liberation Army of Assam, Muslim Volunteer Force, Muslim Liberation Army, Muslim Security Force, Islamic Sevak Sanng and Islamic United Reformation Protest of India.Others include Revolutionary Muslim Commandos, Muslim Tiger Force, Muslim Liberation Front, Muslim Liberation Tigers of Assam, Muslim United Liberation Front of Assam and Muslim United Liberation Tigers of Assam.Intelligence agencies also prepared a list of five organizations operating in Manipur -- Islamic National Front , Islamic Revolutionary Front, United Islamic Liberation Army, United Islamic Revolutionary Army and People's United Liberation Front.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396218", "title": "DRT orders DCHL promoters not to transfer shares", "text": "HYDERABAD: Close on the heels of the Debts Recovery Tribunal (DRT), New Delhi, attaching bank accounts of Deccan Chronicle Holdings Ltd (DCHL) in Hyderabad and Chennai in response to an IFCI plea, the tribunal in Hyderabad on Tuesday directed the promoters of DCHL to not transfer any of their shares to third parties till the first week of September.This interim order was issued by Irshad Hussain, presiding officer of DRT, Hyderabad, while hearing an urgent plea filed by IDFC Ltd seeking protection for the money it has provided to DCHL.The presiding officer of DRT, Hyderabad, issued notices to DCHL chairman T Venkattram Reddy and two other promoters, who stood as guarantors to DCHL, directing them to file their replies by the first week of September and ordered a status quo in the matter till then.In his arguments, the counsel for IDFC invoked an urgency clause citing rapidly unfolding developments pertaining to DCHL and told the tribunal that the current petition was against DCHL chairman T Venkatram Reddy and two others.The IDFC counsel also urged the tribunal to restrain DCHL promoters from transferring their assets and shares to a third party during the pendency of its petition.When the presiding officer sought to know whether IDFC identified any assets of the promoters, it counsel submitted that they had identified only shares of the promoters and that IDFC would be filing a separate petition against the principal borrower - DCHL - in the matter.It was on July 2, 2012 that DCHL promoters created a mortgage of Rs 170 crore on uncalled share capital, book debts, movable property and goodwill of DCHL in favour IDFC.In fact, in its criminal case against the three DCHL promoters, Karvy Stock Broking Ltd has stated that on July 2, 2012, and July 3, 2012, DCHL promoters had requested KSBL to pledge part of the shares that were already pledged with Future Capital (the loan and pledged stake has since been taken over by Kishore Biyani) in favour of IDFC.KSBL in its complaint alleged that the transfer of shares to IDFC was done as it believed the shares were free from any encumbrance based on communication on June 1, 2012, from DCHL promoters and assurances that their agreement with Future Capital had been terminated.The latest setback for DCHL comes even as DRT, Delhi, has ordered attachment of five accounts of the company with Punjab National Bank , HDFC and ICICI Bank in Hyderabad and Chennai last week in response to a petition filed by IFCI over DCHL's failure to redeem non-convertible debentures worth Rs 25 crore that were due in June-end this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15397376", "title": "Australia offers Rs 57 lakh reward for fugitive Panchkula driver", "text": "NEW DELHI: Australia has announced a reward of Rs 57 lakh for information leading to the whereabouts of Panchkula resident Puneet, who had killed a student in Melbourne in October 2008 in a deadly road accident and then fled from the country.Puneet was reportedly driving at a speed of 148 km per hour in a 60km per hour zone in Melbourne on October 1, 2008 and was under the influence of alcohol when his car hit two students - Dean Hofstee and Clancy Coker, in which Hofstee had died while Coker had received serious injuries. Puneet had been arrested by Australian police but he managed to flee the country on a passport of a fellow student and since then he is reportedly hiding in India.\"The Australian High Commissioner, Peter Varghese, on Tuesday welcomed the announcement by the Victorian Government of a 57 lakh rupees reward for information leading to the location, arrest and subsequent return to Victoria of Puneet Puneet,\" stated the statement on Australian High Commission website.Puneet's family in Panchkula, is reportedly under watch by Haryana Police and his friends and relatives are being asked about his whereabouts but he could not be found yet.Puneet was born on January 7, 1989 in Chandigarh. He was charged with culpable driving and negligently causing serious injury following a collision in Melbourne on 1 October 2008 which resulted in the death of Dean Hofstee, a 19 year-old student.\"Hofstee was walking with his friend Coker when they were struck by a vehicle being driven by Puneet. Both suffered serious injuries. Coker survived but Hofstee died at the scene. Experts estimate at the time of the accident Puneet was driving at 148km/h in a 60km/h zone. Puneet's blood alcohol reading was 0.165: more than three times the legal limit for a fully licenced driver and as a learner driver it should have been zero,\" stated the statement.Puneet was granted bail on strict conditions, including the surrender of his Indian passport but failed to attend his August 2009 court hearing in Melbourne. Authorities later discovered Puneet left Australia on June 12, 2009 using the passport of another Indian student, Sukhcharanjit Singh. In March 2011, Singh pleaded guilty to perverting the course of justice. Singh was convicted and sentenced to two and a half years imprisonment.\"The Victorian Government has offered approximately 57 lakh rupees (AUD100,000) reward for information which leads to Puneet's location, apprehension and subsequent return to Victoria. Puneet is believed to be living in India although his exact whereabouts are unknown,\" added the statement.According to the statement, Victoria Police Deputy Commissioner Graham Ashton said the reward was an important step towards resolving the matter and ensuring justice was done. \"Our initial investigation resulted in Puneet being charged with extremely serious criminal offences. We want Puneet to have his day in court. We believe that there are people in Australia and India who can provide information in relation to Puneet's whereabouts\".\"Puneet's actions caused the victim's families a lot of anguish. We ask that anyone with any piece of information, no matter how small or insignificant, to contact police or Crime Stoppers,\" he said.Australian Federal Police based in New Delhi have been working with the Central Bureau of Investigation in relation to this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396248", "title": "Official apathy takes toll on Adivasis", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government's apathy in providing drinking water, food security and other basic amenities to Adivasis in Fifth Schedule areas has led to the death of 25 Adivasis in a small village in Vizag Agency's Paderu division in the last two years. The deaths have been attributed to recurring occurrence of gastroenteritis, pulmonary tuberculosis and malaria.A two-member fact-finding team of the Human Rights Forum (HRF) stumbled upon this condemnable fact on Sundayduring a visit to Seesaipanuku village under Jarakonda panchayat in Hukumpet mandal. Eleven of the 25 deaths had occurred after April this year. The total number of households in the village is 44 and the population only 212.Seesaipanuku is by no means an inaccessible and remote village. The nearest motorable road is not even half-a-kilometre away. However, none of the Kondh habitations here have access to clean drinking water. They rely on a well, the water of which is unfit for consumption. When the well in question dries up in summer, the villagers fetch water from a nearby stream, the water in which is contaminated as well. \"Consumption of unsafe water is responsible for most of these fatalities. The government has not provided potable water to the poor villagers,\" a local RMP said.The Adivasis themselves point out that the best method for them to access clean water is by the 'gravity scheme'. This involves tapping water from a perennial mountain spring ('oota neeru') atop a hill adjacent to Seesaipanuku and carrying the water through a filter bed and pipeline to a tank in the village below. This would ensure that the residents have an adequate supply of safe drinking water.However, their appeals to officials to implement it have fallen on deaf ears.\"This negligence has resulted in Adivasis succumbing year after year with fatal regularity to preventable diseases,\" HRF general secretary VS Krishna said. And, the lack of food security and nutritional supplements only makes these Adivasis more vulnerable to these ailments, he pointed out. The HRF team said that the deaths had been caused by inefficient and insufficient medical attention, malnutrition and unhygienic conditions.\"With the government shirking its responsibility, we might well see more Adivasi deaths due to preventable and treatable diseases in the coming months,\" the HRF team said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mayem", "code": "15398369", "title": "Mayenkars up ante for jobs in local mining firms", "text": "MAYEM: The issue of employment to villagers in the mining belt of Mayem kicked off heated debate at a recent gram sabha of the village panchayat, and locals have resolved to take drastic action if their demands are not met.After a prolonged debate at the meeting chaired by sarpanch Veena Chodankar, the villagers unanimously resolved to revoke the development licences of the mining companies operating in Mayem area if the local youth are not provided employment.Heated arguments started after a member, Sakharam Pednekar proposed that the development licenses issued to some lease operators in the area, especially Sesa Goa, Bandekar mines and Chowgule mining should be revoked if they do not pass on the benefits of employment to local youth.Kashinath Mayekar backed the proposal, stating that the villagers had borne the ill-effects of mining.Pednekar also stressed the need to check the lease agreements of the mining companies which have started encroaching into areas beyond their limits.Gram sabha members also discussed instances of some youth who were retrenched from their jobs without giving prior notice.In one instance, the members also wanted the panchayat to revoke the license issued to a firm to install a weigh bridge.The villagers also formed a village-level committee comprising of two members from each ward to monitor the mining-related issues in the village.Several water sources in the village have been polluted due to intensive mining in the area, said locals. As some of the leases are on the hillside, the slurry washes down into the fields, which have also been affected, they added.The gram sabha was attended by deputy sarpanch Narendra Mayekar and panch members Urvi Masurkar, Narendra Tari, Vijay Pole, Sanjay Arondekar, Mahesh Ghadi, Pandurang Gaonkar, Suvarna Chodankar, Neha Thanekar and a large number of Mayem's residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15395669", "title": "The price of courage", "text": "The district administration and the government of the state needs to do a lot more for this brave autorickshaw driver. For starters, he deserves it for what he has done. More importantly, leaving him to fend for himself at this stage or offering him or his family token assistance will send out a very wrong signal that the state is not willing to take care of those who go beyond the call of duty and put their lives on the line to serve the greater good. Surely that is not the signal any government or administration would want to send out.Related story  :  Noida shooting: Critical driver gets just Rs 5k reward", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15398572", "title": "Staff negligent, says forest chief", "text": "MYSORE: The incident of missing tusks in Nagarahole National Park came to light when conservator of forests Kumar Pushkar, who is in-charge of the tiger reserve, visited the site where an elephant had died and evidence destroyed. During inspection, carcass of a tusker was found, but the tusks were missing. It is a serious lapse, Pushkar said.Senior officials inspected the site in Veeranahosahalli range where an ailing tusker had died some four months ago but the ground staff didn't inform the higher-ups.The three arrested are accused of destroying the evidence as they allegedly set the remains on fire. They are suspected to have smuggled the tusks too. During inspection of the site, the officials were informed about the death of another tusker nearby. When they rushed to the site, they found the carcass but the tusks were missing.Pushkar said he has issued notice to the RFO of Veeranahosahalli, Kiran Kumar. \"Since there was no attempt to destroy the evidence, we believe the forest staff are not involved in the latest case. But they are negligent,\" he said.\"There are no signs of poaching and we believe the tusker has not died unnaturally. It has happened about 45 days ago but the staffers have not informed us, he added. A carcass of a female elephant was also found in the area.Sources told TOI that the site where the carcass was found is about 2 kms from the main road connecting Hunsur to Nagarhole inside the park. If the staffers don't get to know about the death of two elephants, it speaks a lot about patrolling, they stated. Veeranahosahalli range is spread over 5,000 hectares and there are 12 beats manned by about 100 staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396423", "title": "Lookout notice against conman", "text": "HYDERABAD: Musheerabad police have issued a lookout notice against a most-wanted conman accused in a cheating case. The notice was issued against 36-year-old businessman G Srinivas from Musheerabad, who floated a firm and duped several people to the tune of Rs nine crore.According to the police, Srinivas floated Sri Sai Developers firm at Musheerabad and successfully completed several real estate ventures.After gaining confidence of the people, Srinivas collected Rs nine crore from customers by executing multiple agreements of flats at Konair Towers and Susheela Mansion in the city and cheated people, stated an official release issued on Tuesday. The Musheerabad police said that Srinivas has been absconding since June and he is likely to be in Siddipet, Nalgonda, Warangal or Bhimavaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396076", "title": "CRPF men outsmart Reds, spot death trap", "text": "NEW DELHI: It could easily have been a re-run of the Chintalnar massacre in April, 2010, but for an alert Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) that did not walk into the trap this time.CRPF along with local police personnel have unearthed 130 IEDs that were lined on a road in Jharkhand that the force was supposed to take for patrolling. The road was flanked on one side by hills and on the other by a dam making it a fool-proof trap.The force, however, avoided the road while patrolling and took to trekking through the hills.CRPF sources said the force had had an encounter with a Maoist dalam on July 23 following which patrolling was intensified in all Maoist-infested areas.One such expedition was also on in Jharkhand's Saraikela Kharswan district, where the force was expected to take the Palna-Mahadevbera Road under Chouka police station. The road has hills on one side and a damn on the other.However, the patrolling party knew that the Maoists might be waiting for the opportunity and that the road could be a trap, thanks to its terrain.\"It was amply clear that had we entered the road, the Maoists would explode the IEDs and then rain bullets on us. There would have been no escape route, either,\" said a CRPF official. Four detonators, 900m of Codex wire and 350m of electric wire were seized from the spot.The same modus operandi was used in the massacre of 75 CRPF men at Chintalnar in Dantewada, Chhattisgarh, in April, 2010. Over 80 personnel of CRPF's 62 battalion were on an area-domination exercise when they entered an open field flanked on three sides by hills. The Maoists had laid a trap on the hills and rained bullets on the contingent from all sides. With no escape route, the CRPF fought till the last bullet, and only seven personnel survived the deadly assault.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15401099", "title": "Free mobile phones for all poor families, UPA promises", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could turn out to be its calling card for the 2014 general polls, the UPA government is finalizing a Rs 7,000 crore scheme to give one mobile phone to every BPL family.Sources in the PMO said that the scheme, Har Hath Mein Phone, expected to be announced by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on August 15, will not only aim to give away mobiles to around six million BPL households, it would also provide 200 minutes of free local talktime.Top government managers involved in formulating the scheme want to sell it as a major empowerment initiative of the UPA-II. While the move will ensure contact with the beneficiaries of welfare programmes worth thousands of crores, there is also a view the scheme will provide an opportunity for the ruling dispensation to open a direct line of communication with a sizable population that plays an active role in elections.The scheme is likely to be funded from telecom department's Universal Service Obligation (USO) funds. According to a source, 50% of the cost is likely to come from the bidder who gets the right to provide service and the remaining from the USO fund. According to estimates, the scheme will involve a monthly expenditure of Rs 100 per cellphone.PMO is involved with the Planning Commission and telecom ministry in giving shape to the scheme.The government has already launched a national infrastructure initiative under PM's advisor Sam Pitroda that aims to link 2,50,000 panchayats in 16 months through internet so basic communication facilities can be provided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15397430", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh conscious, but critical: Doctors", "text": "Union science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , admitted to a hospital here on Monday, was still in a critical condition, doctors said on Tuesday. The minister is conscious, but has been on life-support system in the intensive care unit of Global Hospitals since Monday.Doctors are treating the 67-yearold minister for hepatocellular carcinoma (liver cancer) that has led to multiple organ failure. Deshmukh was diagnosed with liver failure more than a year ago. The minister's family admitted him to Breach Candy Hospital in Mumbai, where doctors found that he was siffering from liver and kidney failure. He was flown to Chennai for a liver transplant by an air ambulance on Monday.Doctors said they could not plan the liver transplant as Deshmukh's condition had to be stabilised for the procedure. \"He is on ventilator and has been given dialysis,\" a doctor said. \"But his condition has not deteriorated since he was admitted to the hospital.\" The doctor said his vital parameters, including blood sugar, blood pressure, pulse and urine output, are stable with life-support. \"We have given him antibiotics since he has a blood infection. We don't know what exactly the infection is but samples have been sent for tests and will arrive late on Wednesday,\" the doctor said.Deshmukh's family and his doctor, transplant surgeon Dr Mohamed Rela, could not be contacted. A spokesperson told reporters that the hospital could not reveal details as the minister's family had requested privacy. \"It's too early to discuss a transplant. But that could be an option if he responds to treatment for the blood infection,\" said a liver transplant surgeon from Mumbai. But he said doctors may have to use radiation therapy to shrink the size of the cancerous tumour.Entry to the intensive care unit has been restricted to prevent infection, doctors said. Deshmukh's family, including his wife Vaishali Deshmukh, actor-son Riteish Deshmukh and his wife Genelia D'Souza, were at the hospital. Union minister of state for coal Pratik Patil visited the hospital in the evening and doctors briefed him about Deshmukh's condition.Teams weigh treatment optionsDoctors of several specialties have teamed up to treat Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh, admitted to Global Hospitals here with multiple organ failure and liver cancer . When Deshmukh was flown to Chennai for a liver transplant, doctors thought they should convince one of his blood relatives to donate or put him on the waitlist for a cadaver transplant. But they soon concluded that a transplant was not the immediate option. With kidney failure and severe blood infection, Deshmukh's condition had deteriorated. Transplants cannot be conducted unless the recipient's condition is stable.\"In the intensive care unit, we give each of the vital organs (heart, brain, lung, kidney and liver) 20 points. If three of his organs aren't stable, the patient loses 60 points. That is why his condition is critical,\" said a doctor. Another concern is a blood bacterial infection, which is causing serious damage to his organs. \"Our first priority is to bring the infection under control or it could damage healthy organs and lead to further deterioration of his condition,\" a doctor said.Deshmukh has been administered broad spectrum antibiotics that will cover his infection, but doctors will make the treatment more specific after receiving results of blood tests. Once the blood infection has been treated, doctors will be able to slowly take Deshmukh off life-support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15395837", "title": "Rainfall in catchment areas of Narmada, Sardar Sarovar to overflow", "text": "VADODARA: The Sardar Sarovar is expected to overflow in the early hours of Wednesday. While there has been little rainfall in the state, the inflow of water in the dam is due to water being released into Narmada river from Indira Sagar and Omkareshwar project upstream the river in Madhya Pradesh (MP).Heavy rainfall in the catchment areas of Narmada in MP is said to be the reason for the sudden rise in the levels at the projects on the river in MP. It is estimated that around 12 lakh cusecs of water is being released from Indira Sagar and Omkareshwar projects.An official communique said that the flood cell of Sardar Sarovar Narmada Nigam Ltd (SSNNL) had issued a warning that the Sardar Sarovar would overflow on Wednesday. It has asked the villages on the banks of Narmada in Vadodara, Bharuch and Narmada districts to remain alert. The level of water at the reservoir was 117.14 metres on Tuesday afternoon. The reservoir overflows at 121.92 metres. The level of water at the dam is expected to rise to 126.50 metres by late on Wednesday evening.Officials of all the districts along the Narmada in the state have been asked to take necessary precautionary steps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15397241", "title": "Corporators urge Bhujbal to consider Dwarka flyover", "text": "NASHIK: A demand by corporators has been put up before district guardian minister and state PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal over constructing a flyover between Dwarka and Dutta Mandir on the Nashik-Pune Highway.As many as 14 corporators, whose wards fall on either side of the 6-km stretch this stretch of about six kilometres, called on Bhujbal requesting him to take lead in getting the flyover constructed given the rising vehicular traffic. taking into account the rising number of vehicles on the road.Informing more in this regard, Kunal Wagh, corporator of ward 37 said, \"The rush of vehicles on the highway is rising rapidly due to which there are many accidents have become an order of the day, apart from the fatal ones happening intermittently occuring frequently. This stretch is also dotted with schools, colleges, temples and hospitals, and there is therefore an urgent need for a a fly-over rather than solutions like converting the road to a six-lane stretch or making underpasses. We have requested the guardian minister to look into the matter.\"Wagh said the The corporator informed that the road was not in the jurisdiction of the the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), yet the NMC proposed four underpasses at Kathe Galli, Fame Multiplex, Upa nagar and Datta Mandir, in its development plans on backdrop of the Kumbha Mela preparations.\"The NMC has plans to convert this road into six lanes, which is not feasible because of the in view of the dense residential areas on the road's either side,\" he added.All such plans are being made when the civic administration is aware that the road is not in its custody. Furthermore, the considered authorities have also been alloted transfer development rights (TDR) and other benefits who have their properties on either side of the road,\" said Wagh further.Thus instead of converting the road into six-lane, the citizens are demanding a fly-over, which would keep the Sinnar, Sangamner, Pune and Shirdi bound heavy traffic away from the city traffic, he said.The stretch from Dwarka to Dutta Mandir is laid out in such a way that motorists join and re-enter the highway at various spots, since there are many residential areas along the road.This, it is believed, increases the chances of road mishaps.Wagh said that the underpasses at four different locations or converting the road into six lane would therefore serve no purpose and the only fitting solution to manage traffic was a flyover.The memorandum presented to Bhujbal was signed by corpotaors Kunal Wagh of ward 37, Sumantai Oholof ward 27, Rahul Dive of ward 31, Meghatai Salveof ward 31, Sambhaji Moruskar of ward 31, Savitatai Dalwani of ward 56, Nilimatai Amle of ward 38, Satish Kulkarniof ward 38, Sachin Maratheof ward 30, Archana Thorat of ward 31, R D Dhondge ward 59, Sangita Gaikwadof ward 59, Komal Mehrolia of ward 55 and Shivaji Sahaneward 55.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397095", "title": "Now, Manesar hots up over Honda crisis", "text": "GURGAON: A day after two workers were suspended in Honda's Manesar plant - portending a new wave of labour unrest in the region after the recent Maruti crisis - the first round of negotiations between workers' union and the management was held in Gurgaon's labour department offices on Tuesday. Union members, who are demanding immediate reinstatement of those suspended, said that no resolution has yet been reached in the matter, and that the next round of talks has been scheduled for August 9.\"Some of the senior management officials were not present for today's talks. So we have agreed, on the labour department's suggestion, to postpone the negotiations till Thursday,\" said Harjeet S Grover, general secretary, Honda Motor Cycle and Scooter India Employees Union. Although the situation at the plant on Tuesday was reported to be tense, with added police presence on the premises, the union has decided not to interfere with production for the time being. \"They have asked for time, and we are willing to be patient,\" Grover said, adding that should the talks reach a dead-end, a general strike or a tool-down protest 'are among the other available options.'The suspended workers include Jaibeer Yadav, an executive members of the Honda union, and Naresh Yadav. According to Grover, the dispute between the workers and management officials occurred on August 1, and was centred around the issue of leave sanctions before the festival of Rakhi. \"There was problem in one of the departments. August 2 and 3 were Rakhi holidays, but some workers were asked to return on the 3rd. So obviously they objected, as most people live very far from here and couldn't see themselves returning in one day after the festival,\" Grover said.When the workers union got wind of the matter, objections were made more vocally, and then, Grover added, suspension orders were finally issued on August 6. \"The demand notice that we gave them is still pending. So by creating this new issue of suspensions, the management is also trying to divert attention from the charter of demands made by us.\"Management representatives of Honda Motorcycles &amp; Scooters India, however, paint a different picture. They allege that one of their managers was 'assaulted' and 'manhandled' inside the plant, which in turn led to the suspensions. \"We have received a report of manhandling and assault of a manager, with an intent of creating an environment of terror in the logistics work area,\" Honda's official statement said.The Honda management is also in touch with the labour department, which is trying its best to broker a peace between the two conflicted parties. The official statement goes on to say that, \"based on the incident report received, a preliminary enquiry has been done, and the two persons - Naresh Yadav and Jaibeer Yadav - have been put on suspension, pending further enquiry. We are open to discussion, and action will be taken after completion of enquiry.\"On July 18, a similar worker-management tiff at Maruti's Manesar plant led to a major upheaval, which ended in an episode of mob-violence and arson, causing the death of a senior Maruti executive and leaving over 100 management employees gravely injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15397286", "title": "Garbage in N-choe eyesore for Mohali", "text": "MOHALI: The N-choe that originates from behind the Punjab and Haryana high court and runs across the Leisure Valley to Mohali, has become an eyesore for the City Beautiful. The choe ordains a repelling look in Sector 10, becomes sickening in Sector 42 and nauseating near the world famous PCA stadium in Mohali.Residents of the city, living along the N-Choe rue that life has become a living nightmare for them with the stench, germs from the rotting vegetable waste, flies and mosquitoes. Passing through the central part, N-Choe flows from the North to the South, entering the adjoining township of Mohali, near Kajheri village.The condition of the choe deteriorates further during rains, but instead of tackling the problem Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA), Mohali municipal corporation (MMC) and public works department (PWD) are busy passing the buck. Not realizing that a collective effort is the answer to this problem, every department seems to be only concerned with what its doing. Punjab Pollution Control Board (PPCB), has also issued violation notices to these departments for their failure to check the pollution here. The repulsive picture of garbage in the sewers and the killing stench offers no hope of respite because there exists no corrective mechanism for clearing the litter from this seasonal rivulet.From Chandigarh, the choe enters Mohali from Sector 61 and passing from sectors, 62, 63, 64, 67, 80, 81 and 83 it goes to the sewerage treatment plant in Diggian. The stretch of N-Choe in Mohali is of around 5km and located in the lower slope, residents of area are the end users of the liquid poison that spreads and strangulates patches of agricultural land.As of now, Chandigarh is treating 45MGD water in the STP at Diggian. Out of this, 10MGD is being utilised by the city while leaving rest 35MGD of treated water back into the choe. Interestingly, taking note of the grave problem, GMADA took things in its hand after MC failed to take up the job despite repeated requests. Last year, GMADA has allotted the cleaning and maintenance work of the 3,690m long N-Choe to a private firm. Besides cutting and removing vegetation from the choe area, the firm will maintain the cleanliness of the open drain for three years. Initially, this choe was kutcha but long time back, Punjab Urban Planning and Development Authority (PUDA), of which GMADA took over in August 2006, had channelised it from Chandigarh boundary to Sector 67. B D Singla, additional commissioner in MMC, said \"Maintaining the choe is the job of GMADA and taking care that no sewerage goes in it is PWD's job. We have no role to play in all this.\"Davinder Singh, an engineer in GMADA, said, \"MMC was supposed to maintain but still they have done the cleaning of the N choe and all the problems are coming because at some places sewerage lines have their outlets in the N choe. They cannot stop it as sewerage lines have been placed and handled by the PWD department.\"J S Dhami, an engineer in public health department in Mohali, said, \"We have worked out and make sure that no sewerage should go in to N-Choe, rest for the upkeep part of it, GMADA is responsible.\" PPCB engineer Joginder Singh, said, \"Notices were given to the departments and a joint meeting with officials of GMADA, MMC and PWD has been arranged to sort the problem.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "15398128", "title": "Rains wreak havoc in Bicholim, Sattari", "text": "BICHOLIM: Heavy showers on Monday and Tuesday in Bicholim and Sattari talukas has led to the felling of trees.Trees came crashing down on houses causing losses to the owners. Areas like Pilgao, Mulgao, Bicholim, Mayem-Advalpal from Bicholim and Bambar, Nirankar, Nanora, Kodal, Satre, Derode, Maloli and surrounding areas from Sattari taluka were affected due to incessant rains.Fire services personnel were kept on their toes at different places in Bicholim taluka as they were engaged in clearing the debris for 24 hours. Electricity supply was also cut in Bicholim taluka consequently affecting water supply. There was no coverage for mobiles for long hours of the day.Trees fell on a house owned by Praksh Harvalkar from Bambar causing him to loss in thousands of rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396648", "title": "Only one in five MBAs employable: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: Getting into a management institute is easy, any B-school aspirant will tell. The challenge is to secure a job after graduating. Now, an MBA education blog and a testing agency have surveyed and found that only one in five MBAs is employable.The survey conducted in tier-2 B-schools found that a lot of correction was required with regard to the manner in which classroom teaching was conducted.Students were checked for their skills in verbal ability, quantitative ability and reasoning. in this pre-recruitment survey.The survey architects tested 2,264 candidates in 29 cities (an average of 80 students in each city). The top 25 management institutes of India, including the IIMs, were not covered. in this survey.The overall average percentage score obtained by MBAs in verbal and quantitative ability and reasoning was 52.58%, 41.17% and 37.51% respectively.\"Considering that the elements of the reasoning test (deductive logic, data sufficiency, spatial reasoning, and analytical reasoning) are crucial to making sound management decisions, this is a result which warrants closer attention,\" the analysis of the result noted.This is not the first time such a survey has been held. In 2007, a similar survey had placed the employability index at 25%. Since then the number of business schools in India has risen four-fold from 2006-07 from 94,704 to 3.5 lakh colleges today.\"Questions are asked about the talent coming out of MBA colleges, and whether they create a workforce responsive to the needs of the economy, like understanding of business and on-the-feet thinking. So, decision-making skills are being valued more than ever,\" says Amit Agnihotri, chairman of MBAUniverse.com, one of the agencies that conducted the survey.The pass-through rates were calculated based on the pre-decided cut-off for each test that are at par with the average cut-off scores decided by companies in their recruitment exercises.The threshold cut-off scores used in verbal ability, quantitative ability and reasoning were 45%, 35% and 40% respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396567", "title": "Now, multi-drug resistant TB test to cost 40% less", "text": "NEW DELHI: The world's only diagnostic tool that can detect multi-drug resistant TB (MDR TB) in less than two hours will now be 40% cheaper.In a major breakthrough that will tremendously benefit India, the United States President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), USAID, UNITAID and the Gates Foundation on Tuesday reached an agreement, which will significantly reduce the cost of the highly accurate rapid diagnostic test in 145 high-burden and developing countries, including India.Funds provided by the partnership will reduce the cost of Xpert from $16.86 to $9.98, a price that will not increase until 2022.The high cost of the tool was the main barrier to their introduction and widespread use. India just recently decided to roll out Xpert across 18 sites to test for and confirm MDR TB. The sites, where the new test has been introduced include Rohtak (Haryana), Dharavi (Mumbai), Amravati (Maharashtra), Udaipur and Jodhpur (Rajasthan), Bilaspur (Chhattisgarh), Malkangiri (Odisha), Tehri (Uttarakhand), South 24 Parganas (West Bengal), Sangam Vihar (Delhi), Indore (Madhya Pradesh) and two sites each in Vijayanagaram (Andhra Pradesh), Kamrup (Assam) and Ranchi (Jharkhand).Around 99,000 Indians suffering from TB are becoming drug resistant every year.The only method used in most laboratories in India was smear microscopy, a technique developed in the 1880s by the German bacteriologist Robert Koch that requires visual detection of the TB bacterium under a microscope. Smear microscopy is insensitive for diagnosing TB in patients who are co-infected with HIV and also does not detect MDR TB.It also took two days to almost four months to confirm a single drug-resistant case, during which time the air-borne disease spreads to others.A large percentage of people with TB fail to start treatment promptly because of the long wait for results of older conventional tests. In India, around 3% of all new cases and 12%-17% among retreatment cases are MDR. In 2010, 2.3 million TB cases occurred of which 360,000 people died - nearly 1,000 deaths per day. Nearly one in six deaths among adults aged 15-49 in India are due to TB.Introduction of Xpert is expected to increase TB diagnosis by at least seven-fold.The biggest advantage of the Xpert system is that it can be used outside of conventional laboratories and does not require specialized training.Greater access to this test will help health care workers diagnose TB quickly and help reduce TB transmission, the development of TB disease and premature TB deaths. The capacity of the Xpert to yield a rapid and accurate diagnosis has the potential to improve TB diagnosis and treatment in rural clinical settings.Research suggests that the incremental scale up of Xpert in countries with high TB burdens could allow for the rapid diagnosis of 700,000 cases of TB disease and save health systems in low and middle-income countries more than $18 million in direct health costs.According to WHO, the four countries with the largest number of estimated cases of MDR-TB in absolute numbers in 2008 were China (100,000), India (99,000), Russia (38,000) and South Africa (13,000).Now, only 7000 MDR TB patients in India are on treatment. But from 2015, all suspected cases will be tested for MDR TB.\"All patients aren't tested for MDR TB. We have 36 labs to test for MDR TB. In the next two years, we expect the number of labs to double,\" a ministry official said.Mismanagement of TB treatment is the primary cause of multi-drug resistance. Most cases of TB are cured by a six-month rigorous drug regimen that is provided to patients with support and supervision. Inappropriate or incorrect use of anti-microbial drugs, use of ineffective formulations or drugs of suboptimal quality can cause drug resistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kunigal", "code": "15396948", "title": "'We'll die but won't allow mining'", "text": "KUNIGAL: Villagers from Bisnele, Tammana Gowdana Palya, Bitta Govana Halli, Tulasi Kombari and neighbouring areas in Kunigal say they will not allow mining to continue.\"We're blessed with greenery and pure air. If the crusher starts working, this village will be a disaster. Agricultural land around the mining area will be ruined. Who will compensate us?\" asks C Manjunath, whose field is near the mine.According to him, the dam will be affected by blast tremors. \"It's impossible to construct a dam of this quality now. It's the government's responsibility to safeguard it,\" he said.Many farmers allege that crops will be destroyed once crushing work begins. \"It's evident that they will carry on crushing for at least four years. By then, agricultural land would have become red soil farms,\" said M Vijinappa, another farmer.\"The mining area has a huge stone and it is linked to the dam bed. If the stone is blasted, it'll definitely affect the dam,\" says dam watchman K Shivakumar, who has been guarding it for 30 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15398410", "title": "Corporation\u2019s 70-crore investment at Vilappilsala goes waste", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With the resumption of activities at garbage treatment plant at Vilappilsala becoming a distant dream, the closed factory is turning out to be a huge financial liability for the corporation. Official records testify that the corporation had invested a humongous sum of Rs 70 crore so far for various needs related to the factory.Nearly Rs 13 crore was invested for the machinery alone. The cost of land acquistion is put at Rs 11 crore. Seventy percent of the leachate treatment plant has been completed at a cost of Rs 1.35 crore. \"The corporation has spent heavily in terms of expansion of the plant and capping of the reject in addition to major expenses. All this would cost close to Rs 2 crore. The permanent closure of the garbage treatment plant would mean that the corporation is going to suffer a huge loss,\" a corporation official said.When the protests from the people's action council at Vilappilsala gained momentum, the corporation had devised another project, including leachate treatment plant and establishment of green belt at Vilappilsala. As per the data available till January, the corporation has spent about Rs 93 lakh for land-fill which included excavation of the rocky terrain as well.An amount close to Rs 1 crore has already been spent on machinery and procurement of equipment. \"For the corporation it is very much like draining off its resources for nothing. It was owing to the protest that the corporation fuelled in more resources to better the existing waste management system. But now, even the machines we had imported and installed for the plant are left to rust,\" said deputy mayor G Happy Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396145", "title": "SC breather to Maharashtra minister Gulabrao Baburao Deokar in Jalgaon housing scam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Within 24 hours of Bombay High Court cancelling his bail in the Rs 32 crore Jalgaon housing scam, the Supreme Court on Tuesday provided a huge breather to Maharashtra transport minister and NCP leader Gulabrao Baburao Deokar by staying the HC order.Deokar was asked by his party to quit the council of ministers in the Congress-NCP coalition government hours after the Aurangabad bench of Bombay High Court cancelled his bail, which was granted to him by the Jalgaon district court on May 21.The HC's refusal to keep the cancellation in abeyance to allow Deokar to appeal against the order in the Supreme Court and not providing him with a copy of the order immediately were all used by his counsel, senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi, to press for a stay.Arguing before a bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar, the senior advocate said Deokar had been on bail and cited an apex court judgment which had ruled that if a person's bail was cancelled by the high court, the SC has to stay such an order till it hears his appeal against the bail cancellation decision.Rohatgi said there were 45 accused in the Jalgaon housing scam of which 40 were granted bail. But vested interests sought cancellation of the bail of the minister to take advantage of the complex political situation in the state and mount pressure to seek his resignation.The bench issued notice on Deokar's appeal to the petitioners before the HC and said till further orders the minister would continue to remain on bail.The Jalgaon Municipal Council (JMC) under the control of Shiva Sena corporator Sureshdada Jain, who later became housing minister during the SS-BJP government, had in 1997 floated tenders for the construction of 11,424 low budget houses for rehabilitation of slum dwellers spread over seven wards in the municipal limits under the Gharkul Yojna.Eleven builders had submitted tenders, but the JMC allegedly changed the rules at the last moment to favour a couple of them and the project was later bagged by Khandesh Builders.JMC's independent member Suresh Anna Patil had complained about the scam. JMC's then chief executive officer Praveen Gedam initiated a probe into the scam and found that plots reserved for public gardens, schools and hospitals were illegally allotted for the project.When it was found that a loan secured from the Housing and Urban Development Corporation (Hudco) was illegally transferred to firms controlled by Jain, leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse (BJP) had demanded a high-level probe. In February 2006, Gedam lodged an FIR against 90 councilors who were JMC members between 1995 and 2006.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15397895", "title": "Jarkhand panchayat organization calls statewide bandh today", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Rajya Panchayat Parishad (JRPP) has called a daylong statewide bandh on Wednesday demanding powers to panchayat representatives in the state.Although around 4,500-odd panchayat representatives were elected last year, they are yet to get any funds for development.The Adivasi Mulvasi Chhatra Morcha, Congress, RJD and other political parties have extended their support to the bandh. Sundari Tirkey of JRPP said it is a do or die situation for panchayat representatives.\"All preparations for the bandh have been made. The bandh is likely to be successful in view of the support we have received. We want to draw the attention of the government to our problems,\" Tirkey said. The JRPP has appealed to people to support the bandh. RJD state president Girinath Singh said the panchayat representatives were suffering because of the misplaced policies of the government. \"It is ridiculous that the panchayat representatives have been elected but they do not have any powers,\" he said. The agitators took out a torchlight rally on Monday. A large number of agitators requested shopkeepers at Albert Ekka Chowk to support their agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15398022", "title": "Wards suffer as corporators wage ego war", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 22,000 residents of Mohan Nagar and Gaddigodam were happy after their localities became part of the Civil Lines ward under Dharampeth zone after reorganization of wards. They thought that their area too would witness a sea of changes like the Civil Lines area. But all their hopes have come crashing down.At present, the residents of Mohan Nagar and Gaddigodam are at the receiving ends of an ego war going on between NCP corporator Pragati Patil and Congress corporator Deva Usare both elected from Civil Lines ward.The residents of Mohan Nagar and Gaddigodam accuse Patil of ignoring the pathetic condition of their wards. They pointed out that in order to make a complaint the residents have to go Dharampeth which far away from their area. The residents now want NMC to merge their locality with Mangalwari zone, which is hardly 500 meter away. The discontent among residents began after chocked drains started overflowing and the stagnated water entered many houses in Mohan Nagar and Gaddigodam.\"Even after making repeated complaints about the overflowing drains to Dharampeth zone and the health officials, the residents have got no response,\" claimed first time corporator Deva Usare.The reorganization of wards has worked to the disadvantage of the residents, he said, adding that the only person who has gained from it is NCP corporator Pragati Patil.Even though these two wards are located in the heart of the city the residents here feel grossly neglected. \"People of Mohan Nagar and its surrounding areas in Gaddigodam have reason to be upset as although they are located in the central part of the city, they are being denied basic civic amenities which is their right,\" said a resident Malti Jamgade.Team from TOI too spotted overflowing drains in the locality. On Monday after the rains, many houses including that of corporator Usare, got flooded with sewage water. Whenever there is rain many houses get flooded, as the drains have not been cleaned since a long period of time. \"Mohan Nagar and nearby areas receive step-motherly treatment from the Dharampeth zone. The main road is fine. But when you enter the interiors you may wonder if are you actually in state's second capital? When there is a heavy downpour sewage water enters every house here,\" says Rajesh Shetty, who has been living in the area for last 10 years.\"Everyone assures us that our problems will be solved. But that's a falsehood and no action is taken. Even though, the area is one of the oldest parts of the city, the NMC is not concerned about looking into the problems plaguing it,\" said Usare.\"If we want drinking water, we have to get up at odd times to collect it. Garbage heaps are not cleared for days and get strewn on roads. This also attracts stray dogs,\" rued Vinod Jaiswal.\"We have written many letters and made several complaints to the civic body but all these have fallen on deaf ears,\" alleged Usare. He warned that if their area is not merged with the Mangalwari zone, the Mohan Nagar and Gaddigodam residents will hold demonstrations.NMC has virtually stopped all its civic service over the last few months, complain the residents. \"The roads that were dug up for repairing drainage system and also for laying water pipes have not yet been repaired,\" residents grumble.Refuting the allegations, NCP corporator Pragati Patil said, \"I am concentrating on improving the condition of the underdeveloped areas (Mohan Nagar and Gaddigodam). If Deva Usare wanted those areas to develop, he would have not interfered in my work on the false allegation that I am influencing people. I also have an office at Mohan Nagar where the complaints can be lodged.\"She added, \"There has been no development in that area for years now and I had sought Usare's cooperation in improving its condition but he refused each time. As a result of his non-cooperation the public is suffering.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15397530", "title": "Rajanpartap\u2019s body found at Bharowal village", "text": "LUDHIANA: The anxious wait and search for Rajanpartap Singh of Model Town Extension ended in tragedy on Tuesday morning. Divers found his body at Bharowal village of Ludhiana district, 10 kilometer from the spot.Searching him relentlessly, the police and his family found the body in a net in Sidhwan Canal near a power station in the village. Haibowal station house officer Satinder Singh said, \"Rajanpartap's body was recovered at 4am. It was pulled out with the help of divers. The family is in a sate of shock. His father, Charanpal Singh, is not ready to accept the loss. He was the only son of his parents\"\"A gold chain, gold rings and Rs 25,000 in cash were recovered from the body. These have been handed over to his family. After being fished out, the body was immediately sent to the civil hospital for post-mortem. Later, it was handed over to his kin,\" he added. Rajanpartap was cremated in Model Town in the afternoon.On August 5, Rajanpartap, along with his four friends, was returning from a marriage in a car. On way home, his friends -- Sukhmani Singh of Kitchlu Nagar, Jashandeep Singh of Model Town Extension, Inderpreet Kaur of Punjab Mata Nagar and Silky of Dugri - and he decided to go to Sidhwan Canal to spend some leisure time together. But when they reached near South City, the car driver, Sukhmani, lost control because of which the vehicle fell into the canal. Though Rajanpartap was untraceable, villagers had pulled out his four friends minutes after the accident.Soon thereafter, the police had started a rescue operation to trace Rajanpartap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15398117", "title": "Twice orphaned, boy fights cancer at AHRCC", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: At the age of nine, Birbishal Singh Sinku has seen life's darkest sides. He has been orphaned twice - first when his mother died when he was two-months-old, and then when he lost his foster mother at two, and foster father at seven. His biological father died last year. As if these were not enough, he has been diagnosed with cancer recently. Lying on a bed at the Acharya Harihar Regional Cancer Centre (AHRCC) in Cuttack, the little boy dreams of returning to school once he is cured.At present, Sinku is being brought up by Madhusudan Soy, a driver with the Doordarshan Kendra here. Unable to afford the cost of Sinku's treatment, he is planning to appeal to the government for financial help.\"Sinku is originally from Phuljhar village in Jajpur district's Kalinganagar. He was adopted by my late colleague Jayaram Purty, who also happened to be my distant relative, and was childless. Purty had adopted him after Sinku's biological mother died when he was two-months-old. Purty's wife Lodu died in 2005 due to some ailment. Then on February 8, 2010, my colleague died in a road mishap,\" Soy said.\"After the death of his foster father, I took Sinku to his biological father in Phuljhar. He said he didn't earn enough to bring up a child and pleaded to me to take the boy with me. Since then he is with us. He is no less than a son to us,\" Soy added.He said Sinku had mild fever in June, and his health deteriorated fast. In July, he was diagnosed with germ cell cancer at Kalinga Hospital. \"We shifted him to AHRCC. I am trying my best, but I don't have enough money to support his treatment,\" he sounded dejected.Soy's two sons have finished their graduation and his daughter works as a siksha sahayak with the state government. \"Our most important commitment is with Sinku now,\" said Soy's wife Sambari, who is attending to the boy like any doting mother would.Sinku's wish to fight the disease and return to normal life has kept them going. \"Doctors said I would be alright soon and be able to go to school again,\" the boy, a student of Saraswati Sishu Vidya Mandir at Adimata Colony in Mancheswar, said, lying on his bed at AHRCC.A doctor treating him said he was suffering from malignant germ cell tumour. \"The treatment is long-term and involves chemotherapy. Results are positive in most cases,\" he said. The cost of Sinku's treatment for the next few months would be around Rs 2 lakh, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15396059", "title": "If Hero comes, can Honda be far behind?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After Hero MotoCorp announcing a Rs 1,100-crore bike plant in Gujarat, Honda Motor Corp has set its eyes on the state.While Hero has chosen Halol, the Japanese auto giant is exploring a location near a port in Gujarat for building its fourth manufacturing facility in the country.Honda Motorcycle and Scooters India (HMSI) rolls out 28 lakh bikes and scooters from its two plants in Haryana and Rajasthan and has announced a third plant in Karnataka.Sources close to the company suggest HMSI is looking at having at least three new facilities by 2020.\"We are aggressively penetrating the rural market with new offerings and looking at an over 30% year-on-year growth in exports. Gujarat has become a chosen destination for many auto companies and we too are exploring opportunities here,\" said HMSI president and CEO Keita Muramatsu.A HMSI team is preparing a report about options for its fourth plant which will be announced most likely by 2014. \"Gujarat has an edge with its impressive port infrastructure and active ancillary units,\" said a senior company official. Company sources said Honda is looking at over 90% localization for all its offerings in longer run. HSMI has invested Rs 3,500 crore in India and will be investing another Rs 1,500 crore in FY13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15398431", "title": "Karnatak University registrar row: VC terms GO defective", "text": "DHARWAD: The rift between Karnatak University VC H B Walikar and former registrar (evaluation) J S Bhat has now turned out to be a tug of war between the VC and the department of education.Walikar is in no mood to accept whatever the state government order appointing Bhat as the registrar (evaluation). He is firm on not allowing Bhat to take charge as the registrar (evalauation) of the university despite the government issuing fresh order appointing Bhat to the post for a period of two years.Registrar S B Hinchigeri is in a fix not knowing whether to honour the order issued by the government or follow instructions given by his immediate boss, the vice-chancellor.Interestingly the notification regarding the appointment of J S Bhat as registrar has been sent as per the order of the governor and is signed by under secretary, Education (Universities) Prakashrao Kesarkar. The fact that Walikar, who has been appointed by the governor is not honouring the governor's order has come in for criticism in the varsity circles. Walikar who had on Monday instructed Hinchigeri not to permit Bhat to take charge as registrar (evaluation) without VC's permission, termed the government order as defective. He told reporters here on Tuesday that the government had erred in appointing Bhat again as the registrar (evaluation). He said Bhat was not eligible to hold the post.\"The varsity on several occasions has submitted memorandum to the chancellor of the varsity and also the UGC that Bhat is unfit to become a professor as he has not submitted five research works. Unfortunately, till now no action has been taken and he was allowed to continue as Registrar for two years, the VC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396758", "title": "Nod of top-floor residents must for hoardings on building", "text": "MUMBAI: It is the residents of the top floor of a building who will have a say in deciding whether hoardings could be put up on the house or not, the Bombay high court has ruled.\"Even after a housing society gives its consent for installing a hoarding or a sky sign on the building, is to be displayed grants consent for such a display,the corporation may ask the occupants of the top or the affected floor for a no-objection certificate,\" said a division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar. The court's orders came on a decade-old PIL filed by a gynaecologist against illegal hoardings in the city. The court said if the building residents declined to give their nod, they would have to submit their objections to the BMC. \"The corporation shall take the objections into consideration after giving an opportunity of hearing the advertisers as well as to the objector,\" the court said.In its judgment, the court had said no hoarding licences would be granted or renewed in Mumbai unless the people concerned complied with the rules and had an endorsement of the deputy municipal commissioner. The court had agreed to a deadline of December 31, 2012, for the BMC to finish vetting the 2,100 hoardings in the city to check if they followed the norms. The court also clarified that existing hoardings in CRZs and on heritage buildings would not require fresh certificates but would have to submit their original CRZ/heritage committee approvals when applying for renewal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15397924", "title": "Dalit icons' statues vandalised", "text": "MADURAI: Two statues of B R Ambedkar and one of dalit icon Immanuel Sekaran were vandalised in Madurai sparking tension in the caste-sensitive pockets of southern Tamil Nadu on Tuesday.While police are yet to identify the culprits and have formed special teams to nab them, more than 30 persons were arrested for blocking roads in protest against the vandalisation. There were sporadic protests across southern Tamil Nadu, soon after the news of the desecration spread. Dalit parties have demanded immediate arrest of the culprits and provide protection to the statues of dalit leaders. As tension gripped pockets of Madurai, Virudhunagar, Tirunelveli and Tuticorin districts, security was tightened around statues of all leaders. The incident, coming barely a month before Immanuel Sekaran's birth anniversary and the first anniversary of the Paramakudi firing, kept the police on tenterhooks.Madurai collector, Anshul Mishra, said that efforts would be taken to provide fencing around the statues. Already, statues of Ambedkar and leaders associated with communities have been fenced in sensitive places like Tirunelveli.Police said the desecrated statue of Ambedkar were spotted in the wee hours at Perungudi near the airport, about 15 km from the city. The head of the life-size concrete statue was found damaged. About two kilometres away from Perungudi, at Chinna Udaipu diversion road, the statues of Ambedkar and Immanuel Sekaran were found vandalised.As news spread about the desecration, villagers in the locality gathered on the Arupukkottai Road early on Tuesday morning and staged a blockade. Madurai rural SP, V Balakrishnan rushed to the spot with a police team and held talks with the villagers. As tension mounted, traffic was diverted on the road in a bid to prevent the situation from escalating. The villagers besieged the revenue officials, who visited the spot with a demand for replacing the concrete statues with bronze. The agitated villagers alleged that about three years back, the statues were damaged at the same spot. The villagers were then promised that bronze statues would be installed in place of concrete ones, but the promise was not kept.Balakrishnan said that no untoward incidents were reported due to the statues' desecration. \"Tension has eased across the district and the situation has been brought to normalcy. Five teams have been formed to nab the culprits,\" he said. During the investigation, district police found a key at the statue desecration spot, which appeared to be one belonging to a lodge. According to a statement from the police, the key found on the spot is printed with 'PALAM' on one side and number A786006 on the other side with a small stainless steel key chain with a number 230-I. Police have appealed to the public to provide information to the department either in person or through phone 9489709003 or 0452-2525307, if they had come across such key anywhere. Police also announced Rs 10,000 cash award for those providing the information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396169", "title": "Tanker mows down Goregaon woman", "text": "MUMBAI: A water tanker driver on Tuesday mowed down a 28-year-old woman on the Goregaon Link Road on Tuesday.Around 1230 pm, Neeta Jaiswal was on her way to drop her daughter , Shivani (8), to school in Goregaon (W). They were crossing the Link Road when the tanker (MH04 DK 1609), heading towards Borivli, hit them.\"Neeta was thrown to the ground and her head was completely crushed while Shivani, who was thrown away, sustained head injuries,\" a senior police official said. The two were taken to Bhagwati hospital, where Neeta was declared dead. Shivani was discharged after preliminary treatment.Neeta, along with her husband, an autorickshaw driver, and three daughters -Vaishnavi (10), Shivani and Simran (5)-resided nearby. Soon after the incident, locals downed shutter of shops, pelted stones and blocked traffic on the Link Road to protest against the accident. They brought the traffic to a standstill for about 20 minutes, officials said. Additional police force had to be called in to bring the situation under control.The tanker driver, Amarjeet Pratap Singh (22), abandoned his vehicle and fled during the melee. He was traced by the police later during the day. Singh will be produced in a metropolitan court on Wednesday. The water tanker involved in the mishap has been seized. A case has been registered against Singh under sections 279 and 304 (A) of IPC for rash driving and causing death by negligence.Neeta stayed quite close to the accident spot. Soon, a mob of locals gathered and staged an impromptu protest. They downed shutters of shops, pelted stones and blocked traffic. Additional police force had to be called in to bring the situation under control.8-year-old daughter, who sustained head injuries in the mishap. The police traced the tanker driver late on Tuesday and will produce him before a metropolitan court on Wednesday.Neeta, a housewife, stayed at Bhagat Singh Nagar-II in Goregaon West with her husband, Vijay, and three children. Vijay, 30, is an autorickshaw driver. The couple's daughters -- Vaishnavi (10), Shivani (8) and Simran (5)-- are all schoolgoers.The accident took place around 12.30 pm. Neeta was on her way to drop Shivani to her school, also located at Goregaon West. They were crossing the Link Road when a water tanker (MH04 DK 1609) hurtled towards them. The tanker, which was headed towards Borivali, hit them. Witnesses said Neeta tried to shield her daughter from harm's way.\"Neeta was thrown to the ground and the wheels of the tanker crushed her head completely. The tanker also brushed Shivani who was thrown some distance away and suffered head injuries as she hit the ground,\" a senior police official said.The mother and daughter were shifted to the Bhagwati hospital, where Neeta was declared dead. Shivani was discharged after preliminary treatment. Neeta stayed quite close to the accident spot.Soon, a mob of locals gathered and staged an impromptu protest. They downed shutters of shops, pelted stones and blocked traffic. Additional police force had to be called in to bring the situation under control.Traffic had come to a standstill for about 20 minutes, officials said. The tanker driver abandoned his vehicle and fled in the melee. A case has been registered against him under sections 279 and 304 (A) of IPC for rash driving and causing death due to negligence. The tanker was seized by the police. The driver, Amarjeet Pratap Singh, 22, was traced late on Tuesday, after the cops got in touch with the vehicle's owner. Singh is a resident of Chincholi Bunder in Malad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15401719", "title": "Sia to take performance enhancing drugs in Humse Hai Life", "text": "There have been innumerable cases of international sportsmen being caught taking performance enhancing drugs.The stigma and social ostracism that comes with the taint of a 'cheat' has proved to be the deaths kneel for many careers. Many famous names in the Indian and international arena have seen their glory and accomplishments annulled due to this scourge. Sports like cricket, football and tennis have also not been left out, with some high stature players being brought under the drug abuse scanner, in the past. So what leads an athlete to take a performance enhancing drug? Inspite of knowing the disastrous consequences, what makes them choose the easy way out? Is it pressure of performance? Is it the knowledge that the opposing sportsmen/athletes are better? Or is it just plain bad advice? Channel V's show 'Hum Se Hai Life' , which is based on an aspiring woman boxer - Sia ( Abigail Jain), is going to attempt and answer these questions. Sia is a hardworking and dedicated boxer, but there is immense pressure on her to perform at the Delhi Boxing Championship.This has been a dream for her, as well as her late father. Not only do her coaches &amp; family expect her to perform, but her whole school is rooting for her to do the best. Under such pressure, Sia in a moment of weakness takes a performance enhancing drug, and knowingly jeopardizes her career. She knows that if caught her career as a boxer would end before it began &amp; not only that all her friends, family, teachers and coaches would turn away from her. 'Humse Hai Life' , through Sia, will attempt to show what makes the most pure athlete or a sports person willingly risk their careers, what pressures they go through, what goes on in their minds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "barwah/mhow", "code": "15396850", "title": "Low-lying areas near Indore inundated", "text": "BARWAH/MHOW: Water entered into a large number of low lying areas, on which the local administration of Maheshwar and Barwah sub-divisions evacuated about a 1000 people from nearly 400 houses situated on the river banks between Barwah and Maheshwar.Barwah Sub Divisional Magistrate (SDM) Shalini Sorte told TOI, \"It is rare that Narmada flows at a level of 169.5 m almost 7 m higher from the danger mark of 162 m. The traffic over the bridge is suspended after the water level reaches 165 m. She said that more than 100 families of nine villages of Barwah tehsil have been displaced because of the water entering into their houses\".Two people who were washed away by the floods while they were collecting wood logs were saved from drowning in Peetnagar village. She said that the worst affected villages were Navghatkheri, Muralla, Peetnagar, Nogawa, Bogawa, Kakriya and Raverkhedi.Naib Tehsildar Pallavi Sohni of Barwah tehsil supervised the relief operations in the area.The condition of Maheshwar tehsil which is situated downstream from Barwah was not that serious but still the administration is on high alert. SA Chohan, the Maheshwar SDM told TOI, \"The water was flowing at a level of 144 m in the morning and reached 155 m by 5 pm on Tuesday. He said that though it had crossed the danger level, yet there are no reports of any loss of life and property there. He further said about 100 families have been evacuated as water had started entering their houses. He said that largely affected villages are Sulgaon, Mandleshwar, Pathrod and Chaigaon\".Chohan further said that the tributaries of Narmada may lead to rise in water levels in Mhow, Manpur and Choral.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15398282", "title": "30 lakh tonne less sugar from state this time", "text": "PUNE: Sugar production in the state is expected to fall by a sizeable 30 lakh tonne during the fresh crushing season which begins in November. Inadequate rainfall during this monsoon forced farmers to harvest the sugarcane crop prematurely and use it as fodder.The sugar commissionerate also anticipates a drop in sugar recovery and reduced availability of sugarcane. However, industry experts do not foresee a major rise in sugar prices because the lower production in Maharashtra and Karnataka is expected to be balanced by higher production in Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu.The state government had earlier predicted a drop in sugarcane cultivation mainly due to excess production in the last two years.However, the situation worsened with the delay in the monsoon, inadequate rainfall and denial of water from the dams for irrigation. Many sugarcane cultivators then preferred to sell their crop as fodder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397151", "title": "Haryana Urban Development Authority hunts for defaulting petrol pump owners", "text": "GURGAON: Suspecting large-scale irregularities in the payment of rentals by petrol pump owners, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is now digging out old records.In all the HUDA sectors, the petrol pumps are giving land on lease and as per the agreement the petrol pump owners pay rentals. The city has 75 petrol pumps which cater to industry, transport, commercial and residential complexes. Of these, 25 petrol pumps are operating on HUDA land for which owners pay monthly rent.A senior HUDA official said that the petrol pump owners pay rent as per the number of pumping units being used. Earlier there was a provision of fixed rent for petrol pumps but the rules were changed three years ago. \"Now the rental varies depending on the number of pumping machines functioning in each petrol pump,\" said a HUDA official.Details of all the petrol pumps from both estate officer I and II have been sought on an urgent basis. According to HUDA rules, the petrol pump owners pay a fixed rent for the land and 40% of that amount for each dispenser installed in the petrol pump. Each petrol pump has two or more petrol dispensers.\"The details of the petrol pumps and the number of units will be checked by the department and then the further course of action will decided,\" said the HUDA official. Preliminary reports suggest that several pumps are not paying the rent as per the new norms. The rental discrepancies have been noted and this prompted HUDA to carry out the detailed survey.\"In case it is found that some petrol pumps have more number of dispenser units than mentioned in the records of HUDA, then they will be issued notices,\" said another HUDA official. Meanwhile, some of the petrol pump owners were not surprised when told about the irregularities in rental payments. \"Maybe in the case of some petrol pumps the owners might have delayed payments to HUDA. HUDA will issue notices if there is any such discrepancy,\" said a petrol pump owner, on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "taking cues from civic bodies of developed nations, the brihanmumbai municipal corporation (bmc) has gone full throttle on the hi-tech path. after putting in place a successful pothole-tracking system, the bmc now plans to launch an integrated tracking system for four essential services", "code": "15396881", "title": "Soon, you can go online to plug leaks, clear garbage", "text": "Taking cues from civic bodies of developed nations, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has gone full throttle on the hi-tech path. After putting in place a successful pothole-tracking system, the BMC now plans to launch an integrated tracking system for four essential services: Water supply, storm-water drains, sewerage operations and solid waste management. This will be a big leap for the civic body which has been severely criticized for its poor services, especially contractors' inefficiency.TOI has learnt that this system's objective is to involve citizens in tracking services that often go unmonitored in spite of complaints. This system will be very similar to the one used by the roads department and allow citizens to click pictures and apprise civic officials of any shortcomings.Confirming the development, Rajiv Jalota, additional municipal commissioner, told TOI, \"We plan to launch an integrated tracking system to monitor the services that we deliver. It would allow citizens to participate in the civic process and help improve it. The complaints mechanism will be overhauled and enable us to monitor it in a systematic manner.\"It will be very similar to the website used by the roads department - voiceofcitizen.com - and enable citizens to click pictures of leaking pipelines or sources of contaminated water and apprise civic officials about these. The civic body has selected the four departments as they are used by citizens on a daily basis. As far as water supply is concerned, the system will cater to complaints on leaking pipelines, sources of contaminated water and water pressure. In case of solid waste management, the plan is to geo-tag all collection points. The civic body's solid waste management department will be entrusted with the job of clicking pictures of collection points. This will help the civic headquarters keep a close check on the collection process and identify spots that might be left out.In all cases, the pictures will be uploaded to a central server and a monitoring team will be set up. It will be responsible for ensuring that complaints are looked into. As in the case of the pothole-tracking system, citizens would be allowed to click pictures of uncollected garbage and leaking pipelines with Android cellphones and upload them online.The civic body is already in consultation with several software developers and is likely to float tenders in the coming days.Sources suggest that the integrated tracking system is likely to be rolled out in three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396311", "title": "New bids invited over Haj flights", "text": "MUMBAI: The ministry of civil aviation overlooked its own tender specifications and accepted the bid documents submitted by SpiceJet and Saudi Arabian airlines to operate Haj flights, despite both these carriers not qualifying technically for the bidding process.It was only after protests by other parties that the ministry invited fresh tenders to award the Rs 655-crore contract for operating Haj flights, even as it justified its decision to accept overlook the tender requirements.On April 24, the ministry of civil aviation invited sealed quotations from airlines of India and Saudi Arabia for providing air travel services to pilgrims sponsored by Haj Committee. One of the requirements put up in the tender document was that the airlines bidding for the contract must have an NOC 'No Objection Certificate' from their regulator concerned to operate these flights. It meant, airlines in India had to get a NOC from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) and those from Saudi Arabia needed one from General Authority of Civil Aviation. \"Spice Jet and Saudi Arabian Airlines did not have the NOC when they submitted their tender. Despite this, they were considered for the Haj contract along with other airlines,\" said advocate Rizwan Siddiquee, who followed the Haj tendering process and put up protest letters to various authorities.Air India and NAS were the other two airlines that were awarded the contract and both these carriers met all the specifications listed in the tender, he added. The contract was awarded by the Haj Air Travel Committee (HATC), which consists of two directors and one under secretary from the ministry of civil aviation, other than one representative each from the Haj Committee, DGCA, ministry of external affairs. In a letter sent to Central Vigilance Commission, and other authorities, Siddiquee said: By allegedly participating in such unfair bidding process, ministry of civil aviation has unwarrantably indulged in unfair trade practices by favoring airlines which could not have qualified at all, for the bid.''Following protests, the ministry of civil aviation issued a 'tender cancellation notice' on July 16 and called for fresh bids. In a public notice, the ministry justified it's decision for awarding contracts to the said airlines. The note, unwittingly, also points at the collusion between airlines who bid for these tenders. Air India had submitted quotation for only one embarkation point, that is, Srinagar and NAS had submitted quotation for 20 embarkation points, except Srinagar. So Air India and NAS were the only airlines that had submitted the valid quotations but only one quotation was available for each embarkation point,'' said the note signed by S K Chikkara, under secretary to government of India. Keeping in mind the fact that Saudi Arabian Airlines is the national carrier of Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Spice Jet has been designated by India to operate on Delhi-Riyadh sector, the HATC decided to accept the quotations of both the airlines subject to the condition that they would submit the NOC from the regulator immediately,'' it said. It added that Saudia submitted the NOC on 23 May and Spice Jet on 20 June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15401295", "title": "'The Great Gatsby' set for summer 2013 release", "text": "Studio bosses Warner Bros has announced that Baz Luhrmann's 3D adaptation of 'The Great Gatsby' will not be released until next summer.The film, starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Carey Mulligan , had been due for release on Christmas Day in the US and the day after in the UK.However, Warner Bros said it was pushing the film back to ensure it \"reaches the largest audience possible,\" the BBC reported.The release date puts the film, based on F Scott Fitzgerald's novel, out of contention for next year's Oscars.A Christmas release would have pitted the film against other highly anticipated movies including 'Les Miserables,' Tom Cruise's 'Jack Reacher' and the first instalment of 'The Hobbit' trilogy.It will now battle against summer blockbusters like 'Iron Man 3,' 'Star Trek 2,' 'Monsters University' and new Superman film 'Man of Steel.'A summer release also makes Luhrmann's film a much less-favoured contender for the 2014 awards season.Film studios generally line up Oscar contenders for December and January, which is when Academy voters receive their ballot papers.Two unnamed sources close to the production told the LA Times that the extra time would allow Luhrmann \"more time to finish its extensive 3D effects and a planned all-star soundtrack.\"\"Based on what we've seen, Baz Luhrmann's incredible work is all we anticipated and so much more,\" Dan Fellman, Warner Bros's president of domestic distribution, said in a statement.\"It truly brings Fitzgerald's American classic to life in a completely immersive, visually stunning and exciting way.\"We think moviegoers of all ages are going to embrace it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397295", "title": "VIP darshan in TN temples to be restricted", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has decided to do away with the existing system of special darshan for VIPs in temples and will soon introduce a new scheme in which only 15 categories of persons will be eligible to be \"exceptionally treated\".A submission to this effect was made by the Hindu religious and charitable endowment department before the first bench of the Madras high court comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam. The department filed a counter-affidavit in response to a public interest writ petition by J Prabhakaran, who wanted the system of giving VIP passes and badges to be abolished or regulated.The counter, however, said the special treatment to VIPs was a customary practice adopted to ensure smooth conduct of temple festivals. Expressing its willingness to abolish the practice, the department said it would be replaced by a new protocol which would be available to 15 categories of people, including the governor, the chief minister, judges, ministers, IAS and IPS officers. \"Such a system will definitely prevent others from misusing the same,\" the counter said, adding: \"The temple administration will earmark a place and time for persons who shall be exceptionally treated.\"On the petitioner's complaint that VIP passes and badges are indiscriminately distributed during festivals, the department said they were issued only to officials and those on duty, that too after consultation with revenue and police authorities.Conceding that there is no provision in the Tamil Nadu Hindu Religious and Charitable Endowments Act, 1959, the department said that passes and badges are issued by the executive officers of respective temples as a customary practice \"to avert any law and order problem during mass gathering.\"While reiterating that there was no discrimination against anyone in any temple as alleged by the petitioner, the counter said, \"There is no special treatment to anyone before the God and all worshippers are treated equally without any discrimination.\" Restrictions, if any, are introduced only on security reasons, it said, adding that draft guidelines had been formulated as directed by the high court. It was in this draft guidelines that the government had named 15 categories of people eligible for 'exceptional treatment', replacing the existing VIP or VVIP passes/badges system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "balangir", "code": "15398108", "title": "2 held for throwing woman into river", "text": "BALANGIR: Two persons were arrested by Boudh Police on Tuesday for throwing a woman into river Mahanadi late on Sunday night. They have been identified as Ranjit Bag, the woman's lover, and Yudhisthir Bishi, Ranjit's cousin. The third accused is absconding.The 26-year-old woman from Cuttack's Khan Nagar, was rescued by fire-fighters and admitted to Boudh district headquarters hospital. \"Her condition was critical when she was rescued. The locals had spotted her stuck to a mass of land in the river and informed the fire brigade. She is now recovering and out of danger,\" said P N Majhi, the DSP of Boudh. Tuni had accused three persons of forcibly taking her to the river banks and throwing her into the river. \"Based on the information she furnished, we arrested two persons, one of whom is her lover,\" Majhi added.Police said the woman was having an affair with Ranjit of Boudh's Tutusingha village for the last five months. They had first met in Puri. Ranjit, a driver had promised to marry her but his family was opposed to it. The DSP said when she insisted on the marriage Ranjit hatched a plan to kill her. \"Ranjit has confessed to trying to kill her by throwing her into the river. According to the plan, they called the woman to Boudh and committed the crime. Ranjit's family was opposed to the marriage forcing Ranjit to take the step, the DSP said.This incident is a rerun of a married woman being thrown off the Mahanadi river barrage with her hands and legs tied in Cuttack, three months ago. The woman was rescued by locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "opa", "code": "15398110", "title": "An expensive flush at Opa", "text": "OPA: High levels of turbidity at Opa due to mining operations in the upstream of Khandepar river is costing the state exchequer dearly, as several million litres per day (MLD) of treated water is wasted in cleaning the clogged filters every year.The turbidity level shot up to 300 naphelo turbidity units (NPU) on Tuesday, heavily clogging the filters and necessitating a wasteful and time-consuming clean-up to ensure safe drinking water for consumers.\"The water was released only at 5pm as backwashing of filters took time,\" an official said. The Opa plant supplies about 140 MLD to Ponda and Tiswadi, but the supply on Tuesday is likely to be slashed by five to 15 MLD due to muddy raw water. \"If it continues raining on Wednesday, the problem may persist,\" the official said.After raw water is drawn into a receiving chamber from the river, it flows into sedimentation tanks to allow settling of the silt. Next, the water passes through three stages from sand filter beds to the chlorination plant and into the main balancing reservoir (MBR) for storage and supply.But sources said the filters quickly become non-functional due to the density of the mining sediment. A total of 21 filters at the plant had to be washed 2,215 times during the six-month period from June to December, 2011.This information was provided by PWD's works division III under right to information (RTI) to social activist, Ramesh Gawas. \"This means that washing 21 filters at the rate of 10 cubic metres per filter required 210 cubic metres on each occasion,\" Gauns said.The total wastage of 2,100 cubic metres for six months at the rate of 2.50 per cubic metre charged for domestic consumers' works out to 5.25 lakh. Gauns had sought the information of the backwashing cost for seven years.\"The real picture of the water wastage and the exact revenue loss cannot be quantified as PWD did not provide the information,\" Gauns said.No flow meters are installed at Opa plant to ensure quantification of water used for backwashing. \"It depends on the turbidity level, but in a worst case scenario more than 5 MLD may be required on a single day,\" a source said.A site inspection conducted by Goa Foundation on December 4, 1999, at the behest of Indian bureau of mines had revealed that huge costs of cleaning the muck at Opa plant are borne by lakhs of people.The report was submitted to the government with recommendations to compensate the losses from the mining companies.Backwashing of filters involves several types of costs, wear and tear of machinery, extra work for the personnel consumption of power, and additional cost of treating more water, the report stated.\"Around 30% of the state population and industries are impacted by the silt in the water,\" Gauns said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "markonahalli dam (kunigal)", "code": "15396956", "title": "Mining a threat to Markonahalli dam", "text": "MARKONAHALLI DAM (KUNIGAL): A dam built by the late Sir M Visvesvaraya in Kunigal, 120km from Bangalore, is under threat with a private company ready to start mining in a vicinity of just 1km.A Hyderabad-based company has been given the contract for mining and related activities, including quarrying, blasting and stone crushing on 10 acres of government land nearby.Interestingly, Tumkur district commissioner RK Raju told TOI that the company had obtained a no-objection certificate from all the departments concerned, including forest, mines and geology, and revenue, but DN Chandrasekhar, chief engineer, Cauvery Neeravari Nigama, said his department had written to the government, saying the mining may affect the dam.Said Raju: \"A government project K-Ship is being taken up, and involves the construction and renovation of a 108km long road between Gubbi and Maddur. The project needs a huge supply of stones, which is being extracted from this site.\"To which Chandrasekhar said: \"It is advisable to take another opinion from the mines and geology department.\"The district commissioner's permission entitles the company to carry out mining activities, including stone blasting and jelly crushing on 10 acres of government land, just 700 metres away from the dam. When locals petitioned the Neeravari Nigam, a team of engineers conducted a survey and submitted a report to the government, stating that any quarrying or mining would harm the dam.The 74-year-old dam built by Sir M Visvesvaraya in 1938, is said to be the only one of its kind in Asia, with an 'automatic siphon' system.FARMERS PROTESTOn August 4, farmers and locals of Kunigal staged a lightning protest saying the mining work would affect the dam and affect agricultural land. \"The deputy commissioner is going against our requests. Around 170 villagers submitted a requisition asking him to stop the project at once. But the DC has taken signatures from only 30 villagers,\" said H Rajanna, a farmer.According to the agitators, the DC has ignored the Supreme Court guidelines. \"The Supreme Court, in the 2011 Act on stone crushing, clearly said that before the stone crusher is installed, the DC should form a 12-member district-level committee, comprising officials from the forest, revenue and other departments. DC Raju never formed such a committee,\" alleged C Manjunath, another Markonahalli farmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15396880", "title": "Viewing films in theatres may get cheaper in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "INDORE: If the Central Cine Circuit Association (AICCA) has its way, movie ticket in theatres may get cheaper.There were nearly 600 theatres in the state until a couple of years ago from which the state government was getting a sum of Rs 13 crore per annum in form of tax. It assumes significance in the light of the ongoing row between multiplex operators and the commercial taxes department over the latter's asking them to pay the unauthorised tax collected during tax holiday period.There is no entertainment tax on box movie tickets upto Rs 50 in all the single screen theatres within the state. However, the entertainment tax as charged by the state government on such tickets above Rs 50 at the rate of 20% of the entire value. In the neighbouring state of Chhattisgarh, there is no tax on tickets, priced upto Rs 50. However, it is charged at the rate of 30% on ticket price beyond Rs 50. At present, viewing film in theatres in states like Rajasthan, Punjab and Haryana is completely free from any kind of entertainment tax.Talking to ToI, Santosh Singh Jain, president, Central Cine Circuit Association (CCCA), said, \"Film viewing in a theatre must be made free from any kind of entertainment tax. It has become the need of the hour at a time when the films were being aired free through media like TV channels and internet, hence there was no meaning imposing entertainment tax on box office collections. It was on our demand that the state government made the ticket priced upto Rs 50 at single screen theatres free of tax during the current fiscal's annual budget of the state.\"Explaining it in a different way, Jain, who is also the past president of Film Federation of India, said that the tax revenue collection has already come down in the state by 20% over past few years and it was likely to go down further to 15% in days to come as the film buffs now prefer to watch flicks of their choice while sitting in their own houses. In contrast, the tax collection has increased from 25% to 30% in state like Maharashtra during the same period.Jitendra Jain, general secretary, Central Cine Circuit Association (CCCA), said, \"From being charged at the rate of 150% per ticket for film show in theatre until five years back to 20% now in Madhya Pradesh , we have come a long way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397000", "title": "Green event in Gurgaon school teaches kids importance of trees", "text": "GURGAON: School students of Carterpuri Government School in Sector 23 had a unique opportunity on Tuesday to learn about the importance of trees for the human race, deforestation taking place in and around their city, its consequence, and rising global warming around the world. Gurgaon Ki Awaaz, a community radio station, organized a tree plantation event at the school.Ward 5 councillor Gaje Singh Kablana and horticulture specialist Ritu Mathur addressed the students during the event which aimed to create awareness and concern for the environment among the children.Mathur spoke to children on the different varieties of trees in the school compound and told them about the different ways to maintain them. \"Trees are one of the basic necessities of our life. Be it for increasing groundwater level, a pencil to write, or giving us clean air to breathe, trees are our friends forever,\" said Mathur.Station director, Gurgaon Ki Awaz, Arti Jaiman, told the students that protecting, preserving and planting trees is what everyone should learn about and do.Councillor Kablana said, \"Trees are our friends who grow with us. They are our companion in every way possible, be it air, water, books, they all come from trees.\" This is specifically true for the city where most of the trees are being chopped by land sharks for raising concrete high rises.The trees were planted in groups of ten by the students accompanied by Kablana, Mathur, the school principal and the staff. Selection of the trees for planting were made taking in view their unique qualities which make them ideal for planting inside the school premises. Pilkhan, Kachnar and Calandra's lush green fruits were a popular for plantation purpose, apart from the fact that they attract hundreds of birds in summer. Jacaranda tree, which was also planted, usually announces the start of summer with its bright purple flowers while Arjun tree is planted primarily for its cool shade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396490", "title": "Unrest in Syria checks pilgrims' progress", "text": "HYDERABAD: The unrelenting violence in Syria has brought despair to the city's Shia Muslims who make their annual holy pilgrimage or Ziaraat to shrines in the Middle Eastern countries.Thousands of Shia Muslim from India visit shrines in Syria in addition to the holy places in Mecca, Madina, Iraq and Iran. Ziaraat can be undertaken anytime of the year but most people prefer to visit the shrines during Arbaeen (40-day period after the tenth of Muharram). Many also undertake the pilgrimage after Haj.With an estimated 5 lakh Shia population, more than five thousand pilgrims from Hyderabad visit Syria every year.According to Abbas Ali Mousvi, caretaker of Badeshahi Ashoor Khana, there are at least six sites in Syria that pilgrims visit. \"Most of the sites are in Damascus, Aleppo and in an area called Golan Heights near the Lebanon border. All these areas have witnessed escalated tensions in the recent past,\" he said.While some tour operators in the city are advising their clients against travelling to Syria, some have completely stopped the tours to the strife-torn country. Mirza Jawad Reza, of Karwan-e-Syed-e-Shohda Travels in Abids points out that the stay in Syria lasts for at least five days during which pilgrims traverse the country by road. \"Now travelling to Syria is a risk. Since pilgrims travel mostly by bus or car, they will be in a vulnerable situation. Due to the restrictions imposed on issuing visas since the unrest started last year, it is easier for individuals to obtain them than it is for groups. The Syrian government is not allowing many foreigners to visit the country,\" he said.The recent reported kidnapping of 48 Iranian pilgrims in Syria has only made matters worse. \"The two groups that I had organised during last Arbaeen were not taken to Syria. Aleppo, which is the most important site for Shia Muslims, is most unsafe to travel to in the present situation. Future travel arrangements can be made only if the scenario in Syria improves,\" said Syed Safdar Hussain of Karawn-e-Fatima travels in Darulshifa.Narrating the experience of a group of pilgrims which travelled last month, Reza said people were stranded in airports for long hours due to security concerns. \"As of now pilgrims are not provided any security by the Syrian government. But in Iraq the situation has improved as the authorities provide security,\" he said. From Syria the pilgrims make their way to Iraq by road where 10 days are spent before proceeding for a week to Iran, the last leg of the pilgrimage. Mousvi added that the civil unrest has become the talking point during Iftar gatherings as the community members are worried about the worsening prospect of travelling to Syria in the coming months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397009", "title": "Accused armyman's DNA test to be conducted", "text": "GURGAON: In the latest development in the case involving the murder of a pregnant woman by a lieutenant colonel, the police have sent blood samples of the accused for DNA testing in lab. This will be matched with that of the foetus of the victim.The accused was produced in a city court on Monday and was sent to judicial custody. The police had sought permission from the court for conducting the DNA test. \"We have sent the blood sample of the accused to FSL for carrying out the DNA test of the foetus which has already been sent to Madhuban,\" said Rajiv Yadav, ACP (Sadar).Thirty-eight-year-old lieutenant colonel Amardeep Singh Manku was arrested last Thursday by the Gurgaon police for his alleged role in the murder of a pregnant woman. Amardeep Singh was reportedly arrested from Jabalpur, where he was posted.Following interrogation, the accused confessed to the crime on Friday. He revealed that he had met the victim, 26-year-old Rekha , at a Tata Motors showroom where she was working as a customer relationship manager around two years back. She would call him very often and they would meet. \"She would call me very often and we would meet. But soon she started blackmailing me, saying that she will go public with the intimate pictures that we had clicked. She also threatened me at times by saying that she would tell my wife about our friendship,\" the accused had confessed. He had then planned the murder of the 26-year-old and she was killed on May 18.Earlier, the city police had arrested two men, an army soldier, Ramji, and another person named Umesh who carried out the murder after being given the contract by Amardeep Singh. Police had also recovered the Safari car which was used in the murder. TOI had earlier reported that the vehicle belongs to Singh and was registered in the address of the army post in Chandigrah.Financial fraud: 56,000 trasferred from Corporation bank account in Sec 31In a case of financial fraud, Rs 56,000 was transferred from the account of one G Ghosh in Corporation bank, Sector 31 branch to another account. City police have lodged an FIR against unknown persons and are investigating. According to police, the chief manager of the branch filed the complaint with the Sector 41 police station.\"We have lodged an FIR and investigations are on. The cyber cell is also looking into the case. The accused will be arrested soon,\" said Hukam Chand, the investi gator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "15398081", "title": "Man accosts two students at Calangute", "text": "CALANGUTE: Two school-going girls received minor injuries when they were accosted by an unknown male at Desaivaddo, Calangute, on Monday.The father of the older victim girl, 13, has lodged a complaint with the Calangute police that at about 1.30pm an unknown male forcibly caught hold of his daughter and covered her mouth with his hand to prevent her from screaming. He, simultaneously, caught the hand of her friend, aged 11, when they were returning from school.The police have not yet uncovered his reason for doing so but the action resulted in injuries to the two girls.An offence under Section 8 of the Goa Children Act, 2003, has been registered.Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo is conducting further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15397159", "title": "Kolkata airport: LCD disappears from VIP lounge, insiders blamed", "text": "KOLKATA: A 26-inch LCD television has mysteriously disappeared from the VIP lounge at the airport's international terminal, triggering alarm in security circles and raising questions on how secure is the facility that has round-the-clock human and electronic surveillance.Nearly 12 hours after the manager on duty was alerted about the missing TV, airport officials had no clue about how it had disappeared. The Central Industrial Security Force (CISF) that is in charge of security at the airport is also in the dark as review of CCTV footage revealed nothing. Airport top brass tried to first hush up the incident and then play it down. The Airports Authority of India did not lodge a complaint till late on Tuesday.\"A theft appears to have taken place. We will inquire into the matter and get to the bottom of it,\" airport director BP Sharma said in a guarded statement. The If one goes by the statement of airport staff feel the theft happened between 7 to 7.30am in the morning.From preliminary enquiries, it seems certain that it was an insider's job with someone or some persons authorized to be in the airport doing the Houdini act. With Independence Day round the corner, a ban is in place on visitors' entry to the airport. Only passengers with photo identity cards issued by the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security, airport and airline officials, staff at retail shops and eateries, contractual workers and security personnel, are allowed access into the airport.What has baffled the top brass is that the television went missing despite an attendant being posted on Monday night. Ironically, the post was vacant for the past five years due to manpower shortage. A staff would be posted there for a couple of hours whenever a VIP movement occurred. And that was few and far between at the international terminal. \"Sometimes MPs booked on the Air India flight to Delhi use the lounge. But otherwise, it would remain unused for days.It was only in the new roster released on Sunday that Parna Chakraborty was posted there,\" an airport official said.Chakraborty, whose duty ends at 7am, insists that she was in the lounge till the end of her shift and the TV was there when she left for the day. Thereafter, Sambhu Das came for duty at 7.30am and discovered the TV was missing.Thinking that the electronics department had taken it for repair, he dialed an official who said he would find it out. At 8.30am, the housekeeping department received the call from electronics, informing that the TV had not been taken for repair. Then, at is when airport manager Manoj Uniyan was alerted. Why Pushmita Sarkar, the manager on duty till 8am, had not been informed is a mystery.Though a series of calls were put through to find out if a staff had taken the TV to another section of the airport, the enquiry proved futile. It is only then that the CISF was informed. The latter did a review of the CCTV footage in the domestic lounge and the entry and exit gates at the terminal but failed to locate anything.\"There is no CCTV in the VIP lounge. We have reviewed the recordings of cameras placed at the departure lounge and gates but failed to locate anything,\" CISF commandant Rakesh Raja said.Sources said it was entirely possible to take the TV set out of the VIP lounge and then make way to the first floor via elevator or staircase. Then, the person could make his way to the tower building through a long corridor. Or it can be taken to the canteen on the third floor.\"In this entire section, there are no CCTV cameras. Hence, the difficulty to track the TV. It has either been taken out of the building with other things or is kept hidden somewhere,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397562", "title": "Mahabaleshwar receives 184 mm rainfall in 33 hours", "text": "PUNE: Heavy rain was reported from parts of south central Maharashtra, between Satara and Kolhapur, since Monday morning, with Mahabaleshwar in Satara district receiving 184 mm rainfall in this period.The hill station recorded 140 mm rain in the 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Tuesday and another 44 mm between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Tuesday. Similarly, Gaganbawada in Kolhapur district recorded 100 mm rain in the 24 hours ending 8.30 am on Tuesday.Pune continued to receive intermittent spells of light showers and recorded 2 mm rainfall between 8.30 am and 5.30 pm on Tuesday. This was in addition to the 3 mm rain recorded in the night intervening Monday and Tuesday.The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast occasional spells of light rain in the next 24 hours.Since June 1, the city has received 218.4 mm rain, which is 139.6 mm less than the normal rainfall for the season so far. The southwest monsoon has been active over the coastal Konkan and Vidarbha regions in the state during the last 24 hours., with fairly widespread rain reported from these regions. Ratnagiri in Konkan region recorded 16 mm rain, while Chandrapur in Vidarbha region recorded 10 mm rain.An IMD official said that a low pressure area over north Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh persisted on Tuesday, while the offshore trough in the Arabian sea, running across Maharashtra to the Kerala coast, remained active. Parts of central India, including Vidarbha and Konkan are receiving good rainfall under the influence of these two systems, the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396132", "title": "Voice sample: Adnan puts cops in a fix", "text": "MUMBAI: Singer Adnan Sami presented himself at Oshiwara police station on Tuesday for recording of his voice sample. However, police did not have the necessary equipment to do so.The case pertains to a CD that purportedly showed his former wife, Sabah Galadari, with a man. Galadari has claimed the man in the CD was Sami himself. The police want to collect Sami's voice sample to compare it with the man's voice in the CD.An officer stated that they wanted to ascertain if the voice in the video is of Sami. So they had called him for his voice sample.As prior permission will have to be taken to use the voice-recording facility at the Anti-Corruption Bureau's office in Worli, the police will now call Sami after a few days.Galadari had filed a cheating and cruelty complaint against Sami in 2009. She had told the police that Sami had recorded a video showing her in an obscene manner to defame her. Sami got an anticipatory bail in the case and submitted the video to the court. It was alleged that the video was made at a Lokhandwala apartment where she and Sami lived earlier.A couple of months ago, Galadari had filed an application at a local court alleging breach of a bail condition imposed on Sami. She also submitted a video to the court, similar to the one submitted by Sami, containing a male voice.It was stated that a relative copied the video from Sami's computer and it reached Galadari. The face of the man in the video is not visible and Sami had earlier alleged that his wife was haing an extra-marital relationship.However, Sami informed the local court through a petition that a copy of the CD was submitted to the sessions court in May 2009 and that there was no audio track in the CD at that time. He claimed that the recent video submitted in the court is fabricated.An Oshiwara police officer said that since the last two months Sami and Galadari had submitted several written complaints against each other.It was stated that Sami had purchased six flats at Oberoi Sky Gardens and gifted it to Galadari when they were happily married. However, Galadari told the police that she had invested money in the flats. The Enforcement Directorate (ED) confiscated the flats as the couple had not followed the mandatory procedure for foreign nationals purchasing properties in India. Sami is staying in the confiscated flats while Saba is fighting to enter the property, said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397522", "title": "PMC to take back property occupied by former MLA", "text": "PUNE: The PMC standing committee on Tuesday decided to take possession of a civic property occupied by a former MLA without any contract.\"We discussed the matter in the committee and asked the administration to take possession of the property,\" standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere told reporters after the meeting on Tuesday.The decision follows a complaint lodged by MNS corporator Babu Wagaskar, alleging that a trust run by the former MLA and a former mayor has occupied two halls in a school building in Koregaon Park since 2005 without paying any rent. The former MLA was using these halls for commercial purpose and owed Rs 1 crore rent to the corporation, he had alleged.Following the complaint, the PMC had asked them to pay the rent and vacate the place.NCP leaders were allegedly putting pressure on the civic administration to sign a formal contract with the trust and allocate the space to it. However, owing to the opposition from all party corporators, the standing committee decided to take possession of the property.The civic land lease policy bans the PMC from selling its properties, but allows it to lease properties for 30 years. The PMC has allotted many of its properties, including open spaces.Activists allege that most properties were leased to organisations and people with connections to corporators and politicians. In 2003, RTI activist Vijay Kumbhar approached the high court, which ordered that civic properties be leased only through a tendering system.The PMC owns about 3,500 properties, some at prime locations, reserved for hospitals, community halls, libraries, schools and other amenities. Many of these properties have been leased out for various purposes, but there is no system in place to check whether the properties are being used for the purposes they have been leased for. The PMC has not recovered the rent from hundreds of properties for several years.On Tuesday, the standing committee also approved about Rs 7.5 crore for acquiring land for development projects at Aundh, Kasaba Peth and Bhavani Peth, among other places, Chandere said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397096", "title": "Power shortage lures investors to biomass", "text": "GURGAON: In the backdrop of acute power shortage in Haryana, private players are pushing ahead biomass-based power projects. With thermal power projects shut down due to technical reasons and inadequate coal supply, independent power producers are taking up biomass power projects mainly based on waste of agriculture and distillery.Biomass based projects that were hanging fire are being pursued hard by private players as the thermal projects in the state are facing shutdown due to technical reasons and non availability of coal. The state government has lately signed Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with four private players for setting up of five biomass power projects of 51 MW capacity with an investment of Rs 230 crore.Out of these, two projects are likely to be soon commissioned. Haryana known for wheat, paddy, mustard and cotton generate 8.4 million tonnes of biomass annually. A study by Haryana Renewable Energy Development Agency (HAREDA) puts the power generation from paddy waste at 612 MW while wheat straws could generate around 157 MW of power.The agriculture residue from mustard could generate 130 mw while biomass from cotton and bajra has potential to generate around 53 MW and 59 MW in the state. \"The overall power potential from biomass is estimated at 1000 MW,\" an official of Haryana Renewable Energy Department said.To produce electricity from the distillery waste, a project of one MW capacity at Ashoka Distillery and Chemicals Hathin in district Palwal and three MW project at Globus Spirit, Smalkhan, district Panipat had been setup.For generation of power from agricultural waste, 11 projects of 24.95 MW capacity through cogeneration route had been setup in the industries, an official spokesperson said.Already power projects based on bagasse in Sugar Mills through cogeneration route has been set up at cooperative mills including a 1.8 MW project at Meham cooperative sugar Mill, 24 MW project at Shahbad cooperative sugar mill, 16 MW project at Rohtak cooperative sugar mill and 2 MW project at Hafed cooperative sugar mill at Asandh had been setup.To create awareness among the students and masses about renewable energy and energy conservation technologies, 21 District Level Energy Parks had been setup in the State with an investment of Rs. 1.8 crore.\"Haryana is one of the leading States where Energy Conservation Fund has been created for execution of energy conservation programmes\", he added. On its part the state government had increased annual budget of Renewable Energy Department to Rs 42.43 crore in the year 2012-13 from Rs 3.9 crore in the year 2004-2005.To promote renewable energy at village level a scheme to reward the Panchayats has been initiated that awards first, second and third prizes of Rs 5 lakh , Rs 4 lakh and Rs 3lakh respectively at the state level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15397339", "title": "6 of a wedding party killed as car rams into parked truck in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Six persons of a marriage party, including a kid, died as a car rammed a parked truck in Mathana village of Kurukshetra on Tuesday morning.The deceased were identified as Manoj Kumar , a resident of Hastnapur village of Merrut, UP, his seven-year-old son Aayush, Shreyas, a resident of Saharanpur, Gaurav Kumar, Anil Kumar and Avtar Singh, all residents of Kurukshetra. All of them died on the spot and the bodies were extricated from the mangled remains of the car with the help of locals.A case under various sections of IPC was registered against the truck driver, who managed to escape from the spot, police said. The case was registered on the complaint of Sanjeev Kumar , the groom, a resident of Kaul village of Kaithal.In his complaint, Sanjeev said that Manoj was driving the car, which was returning after the marriage ceremony. As the car reached near Singla rice mill, it rammed the truck, parked on the roadside. Since there were no parking lights or other precautions taken by the truck driver while parking, Manoj could not notice the truck. Police have handed over the bodies to kin after postmortem examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15401201", "title": "Students, parents, teachers fast for Zion School principal's release from jail", "text": "CHENNAI: Students, parents and teachers of Zion Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Selaiyur near Tambaram demanded the release of the jailed founder and principal of the school N Vijayan. Many of the older students, teachers and parents are participating in a day-long fast on Wednesday to protest against the denial of bail to the school head.Vijayan was arrested nearly two weeks ago after one of his students six-year-old Shruthi Sethumadhavan met with a fatal accident. The child fell through a gaping hole in the floor of the school bus and was run over by the same bus. Four persons, including Vijayan, were arrested after the accident, and transport and police personnel have been conducting raids and surprise checks on school buses and private vehicles transporting schoolchildren ever since.\"We want to express our solidarity to our principal when he is going through these tough times. He has always been there for us when we need him,\" said a Class 12 student, who declined to be named. Around 2,000 higher secondary students of the school also submitted a signature campaign to the Tamil Nadu governor and chief minister, requesting them to intervene to request the release of Vijayan on bail.Last Saturday around 200 school heads in Kanchipuram district gathered to conduct a condolence meeting for Shruthi and presented her parents with Rs50,000. Schools have since drawn up guidelines to regulate transportation for their wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397477", "title": "UP govt overlooked UGC rules: Teachers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Higher education teachers in state universities have strongly condemned the state government's proposal to appoint vice-chancellors belonging to non-academic background in state universities. Teachers say that the term 'non-academic' is derogatory to the institutions of higher learning.Vice-chancellor (V-C) MJP Rohilkhand University Bareilly Prof Mohd Muzammil said, \"The use of the word non-academic is objectionable. If the government meant that there will be V-Cs from outside the university, it is fine but if the idea is to appoint a non-educationist in the university, it is unaccepted.'' He added that a person even from outside a university can be knowledgeable and scholarly.The state government's idea forced Prof Nishi Pandey from the department of English and European languages, Lucknow University to raise hundred questions. \"Educationists have to give proof of outstanding research, publications and administrative experience while being for vice-chancellorship. Non-academic persons will only have administrative experience. How is this justified,'' she questioned. She further added that what great has been achieved by having registrar's and finance officers? They are government servants who are manning all state universities just to have a control over it.Senior professors argued that what is the rationale behind bringing this rule when there already exists a possibility for appointing IAS officers as V-Cs? Instead, they believed that universities should be led by a person who can have vision for academic excellence in growth of an institution. No one seems to be bothered about the academics while the quality is going into tatters,'' said Prof Pandey.Prof Rajesh Mishra, faculty, department of sociology, LU said, The state government's move is an indication of rotten bureaucracy. It is only blocking a way ahead for people from academic background. There are many examples in the past when the universities have had V-Cs from non-academic background. In many cases, the situation has been worse.''Senior professors felt that in this case, the state government should follow the UGC rule which says that persons of highest level of competence, integrity, morals and institutional commitment should be appointed as vice-chancellor. The V-C to be appointed should be a distinguished academician, with minimum ten years of experience as professor in the university system or at an equivalent position in a reputed research or academic organization. Teachers said that the UGC itself has, on the issue of appointment of teachers in the universities, strictly said that its rules are mandatory even if the state government issues certain orders on it.LUTA, LUACTA submit memorandum to Guv: Lucknow University Teachers' Association (LUTA) and Lucknow University Associated Colleges Teachers' Association (LUACTA) have submitted a memorandum to the governor (who is the Chancellor of all state universities) opposing the state government's recommendation of appointing non-academic vice-chancellors in the state universities. On the issue, teachers expressed great concern and said that the state government has overlooked the rules and regulations of UGC. \"It seems that the government wants total control over state varsities. At present, they already rule us financially (by appointing registrar and finance officer). They (state government) are also bringing in minimum common syllabus so that they can control us on academic front. And with coming in of VCs from non academic background, the situation will further worsen,'' said Vinod Singh, LUTA president.His views were endorsed by LUACTA president, Manoj Pandey. In this context, the association members staged protest on Tuesday. In their four-point letter to the governor, they have said that the appointment of non-academic V-Cs will take away autonomy of the universities, thereby, affecting the quality of education. Association members have also demanded that state universities should implement the UGC rules and regulations in the same way as in Central universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "buxar", "code": "15398518", "title": "District education officer moots novel idea to redress teachers' grievances", "text": "BUXAR: In a novel initiative, the Buxar district education officer (DEO) of has decided to hold a 'Guru Ke Darbar Mein DEO' every week for redressal of grievances of schoolteachers in the district.\"The darbar will be held from 3pm to 5pm every Saturday,\" DEO Ashish Ranjan said and added the move was aimed at sparing the teachers the hassle of repeatedly visiting his office for their job-related works. He has also taken steps to improve the work culture in his office and the clerks have been warned of severe action for dereliction of duty. \"The idea is, the teachers should spend their time in teaching,\" he said.According to the DEO, 69 of the 72 government high schools in the district have been upgraded to the status of Intermediate colleges. The process for admission to I Sc and IA is on in most of such institutions. \"Since admission seekers are still facing hardship due to availability of limited number of +2 seats, I have written to the Bihar Intermediate Council Board with a request to increase the seats in these newly upgraded Intermediate colleges,\" he said on Tuesday.Asked about I. Com, Ranjan said a move has been initiated to identify at least one Intermediate college each in the district's two subdivisions - Buxar and Dumraon - where I Com course would be offered from the current academic session itself. \"To start with, 120 students will be admitted to I. Com in each of the two colleges,\" he said.The DEO further said it was after 15 years that primary and middle schoolteachers were being promoted to the rank of BA (trained) teachers. A reshuffle of such teachers will be effected and the details of the vacancies in different schools have been uploaded to the DEO's website and displayed on the DEO office's notice board so that the promoted teachers could give their choice of posting.\"To make the process of transfer transparent, the promoted teachers have been asked to give three choices in three different blocks,\" the DEO said and added the process would be completed by August 15.Sources said the district education office has also taken measures to pay salary to schoolteachers in time. \"From December onwards, salary of teachers will be credited to their bank accounts at the end of every month,\" another official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15398515", "title": "Cabinet approves Ganga expressway", "text": "PATNA: In a major decision, the state cabinet on Tuesday approved a proposal of the road construction department (RCD) for construction of a 21.5-km, four-lane Ganga Expressway. The expressway would not only provide a congestion-free road link between Digha Ghat and Deedarganj along the river bank but also promises to change the look of the state capital.The Rs 2,234.46crore expressway would be completed in the next three years. The RCD would have to acquire a total of 183 hectares of land of the Union government, state government and private parties for construction of the expressway.In another decision, the cabinet approved a science and technology department's proposal for setting up a new engineering college at Begusarai. The college would be known as Ramdhari Singh Dinkar Engineering College. The cabinet also sanctioned Rs 85.49 crore for the construction of its building.It also approved a proposal of the animal husbandry and fishery resources department for creation of 100 new posts of agriculture extension officer, 600 new posts of \"meen mitra\" (friend of fish) and 45 new posts of computer operator under the fishery extension programme. All these new posts would be filled-up on contractual basis.It further okayed the agriculture department's proposal for sanction and release of Rs 70.35 crore for payment of salaries and allowances to the teaching and non-teaching employees of the Rajendra Agriculture University, Pusa. Similarly, a sum of Rs. 73.96 crore was sanctioned for payment of salaries and allowances to the teaching and non-teaching employees of the Agriculture College, Sabour, Bhagalpur.The cabinet also approved a proposal of the education department to sanction a grant of Rs. 1 crore to the Patna-based A N Sinha Institute of Social Sciences. It also sanctioned Rs 17.81 crore to the agriculture department for integrated development of the farming of oilseed, pulses, palm oil and maize in the state.It further approved an RCD proposal for sanction and release of Rs. 24.64 crore for strengthening of 17km-long Chandi-Sohsarai road in Biharsharif in Nalanda district. The cabinet also gave its nod to an animal husbandry and fishery resources department's proposal for sanction of Rs. 24.95 crore for development of poultry farming in the state.It also approved a health department's proposal for renaming of Patori subdivisional hospital in Samastipur district. The hospital will now be known as Jannayak Karpoori Thakur Sub-Divisional hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15398931", "title": "State won\u2019t destroy gutka till August 16", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government on Tuesday defended its ban on the manufacture, sale and storage of gutka in the state. In a detailed affidavit filed before the Bombay high court, it said the ban was under a 2006 Central law and its rules notified in 2011, which empowered the state to impose the ban in \"large interest of public health\" .It said the ban was justified as flavored tobacco containing tobacco, nicotine or magnesium carbonate, was considered 'food' even by the Supreme Court and under the Food Safety and Standards Act, which governed adulteration to protect public health.The affidavit submitted by government pleader D A Nalawade said manufacturers\u2014five of them had approached the high court to challenge the ban-\u2014were wrong when they said that only the Tobacco Act of 2003 would apply to tobacco products. The state said that the Tobacco Act was meant mainly to regulate and govern advertising and sale of tobacco and its products, but since gutka is paan masala flavoured with tobacco, it was considered 'food' and not purely a tobacco product, and the provisions of the Food Safety and Standards Act would kick in.The gutka manufacturers said they wanted time to file their replies. The state said it would not destroy any seized pouches till August 16, when the matter will next be heard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15397670", "title": "Midnight blaze destroys eight shops", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Eight shops were gutted and property worth Rs 1.5 crore was destroyed in a major fire that broke out near the second railway gate in the wee hours on Tuesday.According to police, the fire broke out in the old building at Arabind Ghosh Road junction near the second railway gate in city around 1.30am. The fire started from backyard of the godown of a home appliances shop and spread to neighbouring shops within minutes. The fire was first noticed by a group of workers in the nearby building. Though they rushed to the spot and tried to put out the fire, their attempt failed.In addition to the 10 units of fire and rescue personnel from the city limits, the fire extinguishers from Karipur Airport were also pressed into service to douse the fire. It took more than two hours to bring the situation under the control. The heavy rain lashed the city around 2am also helped in bringing the fire under control.Megha Plastics &amp; Hardwares and Luminous Dresses were completely gutted in the fire. Rahmath hotel , Spa Saloon, Black Beauty Pardha Centre, City Hardwares, Stylo Corner, Raj Store, Rajus Hair Style, New Keerthi Sweets and Arun Store were partially damaged. According to the shop owners the total estimated loss in the fire is nearly Rs 1.5 crore. The owner of Megha plastics Shuhood said that the estimated loss of the fire in his shop alone was more than Rs 70 lakhs. However, there were no casualties.The preliminary examination conducted by electrical inspectors at the shops has ruled out electrical short circuit as the cause of the fire. A team of electrical inspectors from Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB), which inspected the spot in morning, also collected statements from eyewitnesses.The police have also not reached a conclusion regarding the cause of the fire. Town Police SI Saneesh said the reason for the fire was yet to be ascertained and police could reach a conclusion only after detailed investigation, on the basis of the reports from forensic experts. The forensic experts would conduct spot examination on Wednesday. There were rumours that fire from kitchen of a hotel had caused the fire. But the police ruled out that probability, as the hotel was closed for Ramzan weeks ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396137", "title": "Morning rain cools Delhi, many areas waterlogged", "text": "NEW DELHI: Early morning showers brought down the temperature on Tuesday. They also spelt relief for Delhiites, who were reeling under hot and humid weather for the past few days. According to Met, rain is expected for another two to three days.\"The showers were reported around 9am and were accompanied by a slight dip in temperature. The minimum temperature was recorded at 27.1 degrees Celsius against Monday's 28.6 degrees Celsius, while the maximum was 32.9 degrees Celsius, down from 34.6 degrees Celsius,\" said a senior Met official. He said the humidity levels were between 95% and 69%.Waterlogging and traffic jams were reported from many areas. Snarls were reported from areas like Laxmi Nagar, Bhogal, Mori Gate, Dhaula Kuan, Moti Bagh, Badarpur, Ashram Chowk, Saket, Ganesh Chowk and on the flyover near AIIMS. Traffic crawled at India Gate, Rafi Marg, Ashoka Road, ITO, Kalkaji, Jangpura and Ashram due to waterlogging.Waterlogging at Mahipalpur village affected traffic coming from Gurgaon and going towards Vasant Kunj. The Delhi Traffic Police control room received complaints of congestion from Bulward Road, Hakikat Nagar and areas in east and north Delhi. \"It took about 40 minutes for me to reach New Friends Colony from Ashram Chowk due to traffic jam,\" said Naveen Kumar, a student of Jamia Millia Islamia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15397885", "title": "Five killed in road mishap", "text": "VARANASI: In two separate road mishaps, five persons were killed while one suffered serious injuries in Azamgarh district. According to reports, Bindu Bihari Verma (50), a leading ornament trader of City Kotwali police station area in Jaunpur district, and his brother Ramashrey Verma (45) were returning home from Gorakhpur after fixing the marriage of his ward in their own luxury vehicle. The driver, Mehtab (27) was driving the vehicle. When they were passing through Bijauli area under Bardah police station in Azamgarh district, Mehtab failed to see a standing truck and his vehicle dashed into it from rear side on Monday night. Dashing into the truck, the vehicle stopped after hitting a roadside tree.Before the locals and police could reach the incident site to rescue the injured passengers, Bindu Bihari and his brother died on the spot. Seriously injured Mehtab was initially rushed to a local hospital where on noticing sharp deterioration in his condition, the doctors referred him to Varanasi. The driver and cleaner of the truck, who had stopped their vehicle in the mid of road, fled from the scene leaving the vehicle abandoned. Police seized the truck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396506", "title": "End of agitation not a sellout: Arvind Kejriwal to supporters", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with anger and confusion in the ranks, India Against Corruption (IAC) founder Arvind Kejriwal sought to assuage volunteers and supporters that the abrupt end to the Lokpal agitation was not a \"sellout\" and would continue both as a movement on the streets and in Parliament.The attempt at calming troubled waters came a day after social crusader Anna Hazare announced disbanding of Team Anna in a blog, arguing that the group had outlived its utility.\"The decision to provide a political alternative does not mean that the agitation on the streets has ended. It means that the agitation will continue both on the streets and the Parliament,\" Kejriwal said in a letter addressed to volunteers.The decision taken at Jantar Mantar has set off speculation among volunteers and supporters who have been expressing disappointment at the turn of events through social media and other means. Kejriwal's letter elaborated in detail the turn of events, addressing what he felt were two significant issues \u2014 why the group decided to provide a political alternative and why the indefinite fast ended abruptly.Kejriwal said several surveys were conducted and an \"overwhelming\" number of people expressed support for the group seeking a political alternative. And just as Hazare had offered conditional support to the plan to launch a political alternative, Kejriwal too assured the ranks that if the government accepted their demands for a strong Lokpal, Swaraj law and right to reject and right to recall, they would give up the idea of wading into the quicksand of politics.The decision has put the erstwhile Team Anna in a piquant position. While the old group of activists has been disbanded, there appears to be no cohesion on how to go ahead with the \"political alternative\", including how to go about choosing new members, creating a manifesto and a cadre base. While members are still at sea over the modalities, they have been inundated with calls from hopefuls angling for a ticket from Hazare's \"political party\".The dissolution of Team Anna has effectively clipped the members' wings and even though the activists maintained that the decision was taken after consultation, sources differed in their view privately.Many members feel unequipped for the political challenge that Hazare has taken up and feel that by dissolving the group, he has only succeeded in alienating active and credible members who could have been convinced to be part of the political movement as well.Kejriwal also defended himself against constant criticism on how he survived the indefinite fast despite being a diabetic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15400939", "title": "Sanju, Prachi's age gap affects their film script", "text": "Our leading men's leading ladies are becoming progressively misleading. Sanjay Dutt who turned 53 this month would be romancing the 24-year old Prachi Desai in his new cops film Thanedaar Returns. And to ensure that the age difference doesn't jar, the script is being modified to justify the gap of 29 years between the hero and heroine.The last time there was such a yawning gap between the lead pair was when Anil Kapoor played Kareena Kapoor's husband in Bewafaa. And there the age gap was justified by the fact that Kareena was Anil's second wife in the film. But here with no plausible justification for the age difference except for the fact that Prachi was the only viable choice with dates, the makers of the film have decided to rewrite the original script to explain the age difference.Says a source close to the project, \"In the original Tamil film Saamy Vikram and Trishna who are separated by about 10 years, played the lead. Here there's an age difference of almost 30 years between them.\"Apparently when the film's team saw the couple together it was decided that the script should be altered in a way that the hero's acutely young romantic interest is justified.Confirming these developments producer of Thanedaar Returns T.P. Aggarwal said, \"Yes, we've justified the age difference between Dutt saab and Prachi in the remake's script. If you see them together they don't look mismatched in spite of the age-difference.\"Prachi Desai seems unperturbed by the age-difference.Says the actress, \"When you see the film you won't complain. Younger girls getting paired with older guys is nothing new in our cinema. My best pairing when I was doing television was with an older guy and the feedback was stupendous. The audience loves younger girls being paired with the older man. Even in Rock On and Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai my co-stars Farhan Akhtar and Emraan Hashmi respectively were not of my age. And that's okay. I am playing a character.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15398029", "title": "\u2018Bo\u2019s wife has confessed to killing Briton\u2019", "text": "LONDON: The wife of disgraced Chinese politician Bo Xilai , Gu Kailai has confessed to killing British businessman Neil Heywood last November, a senior prosecutor on the case has confirmed.The prosecutor, who didn't disclose his identity and was reportedly part of the prosecution team investigating Heywood's alleged murder, claimed that Gu had admitted \"economic crimes\".\"Gu told investigators everything she could remember and, as for those accusations about which she couldn't remember clearly, she asked the investigators to go ahead and write up anything they'd like to,\" The Telegraph quoted the source, as saying. Gu reportedly appeared \"gracious\" and \"relaxed\" as she confessed to Heywood's murder, the source said. Gu, the wife of former party secretary of Chongqing, is expected to go on trial for murder in the city of Hefei, along with Zhang Xiaojun, a household aide and bodyguard of Bo's family.The same source said the only physical evidence prosecutors had been able to gather was a piece of Heywood's heart, removed by Chongqing's former police-chief, Wang Lijun, before the 41-year-old Old Harrovian's body was cremated.Earlier, family associates of Bo had hoped for a mental health evaluation for Gu before she went on trial, after it emerged that she had been suffering from severe depression for several years and was undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397648", "title": "Locomotive runs 1.5km sans driver at Ajni shed", "text": "NAGPUR: In a bizarre incident, a loco engine brought for repairs at Central Railway's Ajni loco shed on Tuesday morning, travelled a distance of 1.5km in the shed without a driver, sources said. However, in charge of loco shed Sukhvinder Siddhu, divisional engineer (traction rolling stock), said the engine went only about 150 metres.Sources said, the freak incident took place around 9am when the WAG-9 (30315) category of engine was placed on the testing line. The engine rolled down as its wheels were not locked with wooden wedges, as is the practice.The rolling engine then stopped at the barrier towards Wardha-end. Siddhu said the engine rolled as handbrakes were not applied.The mishap has exposed the laxity in safety practices in the loco shed. At least 800 employees work in the shed and locomotive rolling on its own could have caused a tragedy. The loco shed was constructed under the railway electrification project and commissioned in 1990. It maintains WAG-7 and WAG-9 models.The shed is one of top ranking across Indian Railways and has also secured ISO certification. It has been won 'Best shed of Central Railway' award on several occasions.The railway unions have expressed serious concern over the incident. General secretary of Rail Kamgar Sena (RKS) Pramod Gondchar said such incidents occur as the shed was facing shortage of pointsmen, who are trained to handle such exigencies. \"It's a serious lapse. Technicians here are not fully trained,\" said Gondchar.However, Siddhu denied any shortage of pointsmen. Such incidents happen rarely, he added. But union leaders say lessons have not been learnt from similar incidents in the past.The mishap exposed laxity in safety practices in the loco shed. At least 800 employees work in the shed and locomotive rolling on its own could have caused a tragedy. The loco shed was constructed under the railway electrification project and commissioned in 1990. It maintains WAG-7 and WAG-9 models.The shed is one of top ranking across Indian Railways and has also secured ISO certification. It has been won 'Best shed of Central Railway' award on several occasions.The railway unions have expressed serious concern over the incident. General secretary of Rail Kamgar Sena (RKS) Pramod Gondchar said such incidents occur as the shed was facing shortage of pointsmen, who are trained to handle such exigencies. \"It's a serious lapse. Technicians here are not fully trained,\" said Gondchar.However, Siddhu denied any shortage of pointsmen. Such incidents happen rarely, he added. But union leaders say lessons have not been learnt from similar incidents in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15396952", "title": "Three persons including college student held in robbery case", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three armed robbers including a college student were arrested on Monday late night by the city police. A toy pistol and knives were seized from them. The robbers barged into a residence in Ramakrishna Nagar in Ponniahrajapuram and decamped 12 sovereigns of gold jewelleries from a house on August 1.The arrested were identified as A Ajaykumar, 22, P Gowtham alias Vijay, 19, both hailing from South Jeganathapuram in Theni district and P Marisamy, 36 of Karuppa Gounder street in Coimbatore city. Gowtham was studying second year Bcom (CA) at Hindustan Arts and Science College in the city.According to police, Karthick, 28, from Coimbatore and Selvam, 26, from Theni had hatched the plan along with the trio. Karthick has 15 criminal cases including a murder case. Police said, Selvam who was lodged in Coimbatore Central Prison met Karthick in jail and hatched the crime. Selvam had approached the college student Gowtham and explained the plan.On 1 August, the five member gang executed the crime. One of the robbers had masked his face with a handkerchief while another pointed a fake pistol at four women including a senior citizen. They broke open the residence of V Mohan who owned a gold jewel manufacturing unit near Ponniahrajapuram. He was not in the house when the incident happened. had gone out and his Uma Maheswari, daughters Pavitra and Chitra, and their grandmother were at home, residing on the first floor. The ground floor, inhabited by the landlord was empty as the family had gone out.According to a source, Karthick and Selvam were secured by the city police. A police team led by Variety Hall Road police station Inspector T H Ganesh trying to recover the stolen gold from the duo who was taken to Theni. They will be produced before the court on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15397453", "title": "Cop booked for outraging modesty of 5-year-old girl", "text": "NASHIK: A police constable attached to the Gangapur police station was booked by Bhadrakali police on charges of outraging the modesty of a five year old girl on Tuesday afternoon.The victim's mother alleged In a complaint registered at the Bhadrakali Police Station, the mother of the victim alleged that the accused had been on leave. At around 3.30 pm, the accused took the five-year- old girl to the building staircase on the staircase of their building and indulged in the act outraging her modesty.When the incident came to light, No sooner the incident came to light, Bhagul the accused was beaten by residents thrashed by the residents of the building and handed over to the the Bhadrakali police.Police said the accused had formerly been with the rural police and was known to be a habitual drinker. joined the Gangapur police station about three to four months. He was with the rural police earlier and was known as a habitual drinker.Police have registered acomplaint of The Bhadrakali police have registered a complaint under section 354 of the IPC for assault on a woman with the intent to outrage her modesty has been registered under section 354 of the IPC. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15396144", "title": "Compensation for disaster victims to increase: Gujarat govt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: With the forth coming elections scheduled later this year, the state government has announced an increase in financial assistance given as relief to disaster victims.The government hiked the assistance ranging from Rs 50,000 to Rs 3,000. The funds will be given to the victims from the budgeted amount of the State Disaster Relief Fund (SDRF) or the Chief Minister's Relief Fund.Cabinet spokespersons, health minister Jay Narayan Vyas and minister of state for finance Saurabh Patel, said that the in case of death due to any natural calamity, be it cyclone, floods, drought or even earthquake, the amount has been increased by Rs 50,000 from the existing Rs 1.50 lakh. \"The kin of those who die due to natural calamity will now get Rs 2 lakh as compensation,\" he said.The officials said that in case of destruction of the 'kuccha' residential units, the state government has increased the compensation by Rs15,000. Similarly for destruction or a major damage to the pucca residential unit, the compensation was increased by Rs 10,000.The two said that in case of major damage to the 'kuccha' residential units, the amount to be paid by the state government has been increased by Rs 7,500. Similarly the partial damage to the 'kuccha' residential units, the compensation amount was increased by Rs 6,000.The two ministers said that in case of damage to a hut, the compensation has been increased by Rs 3,000. Vyas and Patel said that the state government is dedicated to fight calamities and to be suitably compassionate to the victims and their families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397591", "title": "Panel to suggest steps to prevent grid tripping", "text": "PUNE: A three-member committee was constituted on Tuesday to suggest measures to prevent tripping of the western region power grid and maintain grid discipline. The committee was formed in the backdrop of the tripping of northern and eastern grids on July 30 and 31 that resulted in a major blackout in 20 states.A statement issued by the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd said that the committee will comprise Uttam Zalte, director of Maharashtra State Transmission Company Ltd, who is also head of the western grid technical committee; P Pentayya, general manager, western region load dispatch centre, and S D Taksande, who is member secretary of western grid committee.The committee was formed during an emergency meeting of the western grid power committee called by Ajay Mehta, managing director of the state distribution company. The meeting was attended by representatives from Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Goa, Chhattisgarh and power companies like Reliance, Tata, JSW and Torrent.The committee has been asked to submit a report within a month suggesting measures to prevent grid tripping and steps that can be taken to bring the system back to normalcy in case of a crisis.The committee will suggest how grid discipline should be maintained among under frequency relay, electricity generation stations, sub-stations and feeders. It will also check whether the existing grid discipline protocol is being followed by all concerned. The committee will identify generation stations in and outside the state which can offer auxiliary power supply to restore the system in case of a crisis and also check whether these stations undertake mock drills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15397593", "title": "Sobha John, 10 others convicted in tantri case", "text": "KOCHI: Eleven persons including Sobha John and Bechu Rahman were held guilty in the Sabarimala tantri blackmailing case by the Ernakulam additional sessions court here on Tuesday. The court will announce the quantum of punishment to the accused on Wednesday.There were eleven accused in the case and as per the prosecution, they had hatched a conspiracy to bring tantri Kandararu Mohanaru to the apartment of Sobha John in Kochi on July 23, 2006. They threatened him at gun point to part with gold ornaments, and also blackmailed him by forcing him to pose with a naked woman.The court observed that the defendants had failed to prove that the tantri was at the apartment for immoral trafficking. To extort Rs 30 lakh from the tantri, they allegedly took photographs of him and a woman in compromising positions.The trial in the case began in September 2011 and the court had examined 51 witnesses. The prosecution had submitted before the court that though Sobha John had planned the entire operation, it was her close aide Bechu Rahman, a criminal, who arranged the goondas to execute the plan.The accused were charged with criminal conspiracy, unlawful assembly, rioting, dacoity and destroying evidence. Sobha is also an accused in the Varapuzha sex case. She is still in jail as she has not been granted bail.Eleven persons including Sobha John and Bechu Rahman were held guilty in Sabarimala tantri blackmailing case by Ernakulam Additional Sessions Court here on Tuesday.The court will announce the quantum of punishment to the accused on Wednesday.There were eleven accused in the case and as per the prosecution, they had hatched a conspiracy to bring tantri Kandararu Mohanaru to the apartment of Sobha John in Kochi on July 23, 2006 and threatened him at gun point to part with gold ornaments. They also blackmailed him by forcing him to pose with a naked woman.The court observed that the defendants had failed to prove that tantri had reached the apartment for immoral trafficking. The accused had threatened the tantri at gun point at the flat and made off with his gold ornaments. To extort Rs 30 lakh from tantri, they also allegedly took photographs of him and a woman in compromising positions.The trial in the case began in September 2011 and the court had examined 51 witnesses. The prosecution had submitted before the court that though Sobha John had planned the entire operation, it was her close aide Bachu Rahman, a criminal, who arranged the goondas to execute the plan. The accused were charged with criminal conspiracy, unlawful assembly, rioting, dacoity and destroying the evidence.Sobha John is also an accused in Varapuzha sex case involving a minor. She is still in jail as she has not been granted bail in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397091", "title": "Maruti holds its own probe into Manesar issue", "text": "GURGAON: Maruti Suzuki is conducting an internal probe to identify all those responsible for the violence at its Manesar plant on July 18.The automobile major continues to extend full support and co-operation to police and administration, said a Maruti Suzuki India Ltd.(MSIL) representative.In the past few days, the company's top management has met the employees injured in the attack and the supervisors and managers of the Manesar plant.After the union members were arrested, the company expected that those who resorted to violence and arson at the Manesar plant would also be arrested.\"The company continues to remain concerned about the safety and security of its people. Hence, it is not in a position to take a decision on resuming operations at the Manesar plant. The injured employees continue to receive medical care and attention,\" said the officials.Maruti general manager HR, Awanish Kumar Dev, was among 100 managers and supervisors injured in the violence at the Manesar plant on July 18. Several sustained injuries and had to be hospitalized.A lockout at the Manesar plant was declared by the MSIL top management on July 21, citing safety and health concerns of its employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396244", "title": "'General maths students can't apply for polytechnic'", "text": "MUMBAI: General mathematics students will not be eligible for admissions to polytechnic courses, the Bombay high court ruled while upholding norms framed by the state. \"We will not review the eligibility criteria fixed by the director of education,\" said a division bench of Justice D Y Chandrachud and Justice R D Dhanuka. The court agreed with the state that the levels of general mathematics and higher mathematics were different.The court was hearing a petition filed by a Raigad student, Sujit Divekar, who had passed his SSC examinations earlier this year. The petition claimed that Sujit's application to Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Polytechnic Institute in Raigad for admission in the ITI course was rejected as he had opted for general mathematics for his examinations.The Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education introduced general mathematics as an optional subject to maths in 2008, following the high rate of failures in the subject. However, over the last four years, less than 10% of the total students who appear for the exams have opted for general mathematics as it narrows down their options post-SSC. Courses in science and commerce streams post-SSC have higher mathematics as a compulsory subject.The petition claimed that a 2011 government circular had said that there was no difference between general and higher mathematics subjects. The government counsel, however, pointed out that the brochure for polytechnic courses made it clear that only SSC students who had opted for higher mathematics were eligible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15398912", "title": "Mafatlals patch up a few of their differences", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mafatlal family saga has come to a close. Well , almost . Sheetal Mafatlal will continue to stay in Mafatlal Bungalow with husband Atulya , have exclusive possession of her bedroom and in case of a divorce sought by Atulya ,will be bought a house at a location of her choice and befitting family status . She also gets to keep artworks and furniture and will be maintained financially by Atulya. Besides, she has secured apologies from him and stepdaughter Marushka .On Tuesday , a high court bench of judges V M Kanade and P D Kode opened the sealed report of the mediator in the case , senior counsel R A Dada, and recorded its contents . While mediation between Sheetal and Atulya , Marushka , stepson Varun and sister-in-law Kunti Shah was successful, efforts to resolve bad blood between her and mother-in-law Madhuri , sister-in-law Gayatri Jhaveri and brother-in-law Ajay failed .The court took on record signed consent terms along with letters of apology from Atulya , Marushka and Kunti to Sheetal .Consequently ,criminal cases against Sheetal and Marushka (filed by Sheetal ) were withdrawn. The court was hearing a petition filed by Marushka (Atulya's daughter from his first marriage ), whohad sought the quashing of a criminal case of cruelty filed by Sheetal against her . As for the criminal complaint filed by Marushka against Sheetal , it alleged theft of paintings valued around Rs 50crore .Atulya , Sheetal , Marushka , Varun and Kunti Shah filed the consent terms in court , which said Atulya would have joint rights over 14 Shakti Burman paintings . But Sheetal will have rights over furnitures and fixtures in the house, as well as books, carpets , etc. Sheetal said she would withdraw all criminal cases initiated against Atulya and Kunti Shah as well .Sheetal's \"privacy shall be honoured by all family members\" as per the agreement . Security guards and other staff placed outside her bedroom in the bungalow will now be withdrawn . No other family members will have access to Sheetal's areas in the house and no alterations would be made to the house without her consent . In case Atulya seeks divorce , it wouldbe by mutual consent and after buying Sheetal a house at a location she desires or giving her a one-time alimony . If she seeks a divorce , he would not haveto pay her any alimony ,but he cannot claim any either .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396046", "title": "Compensation formula for clinical trial victims mooted", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) has for the first time come up with a formal mathematical formula to quantify the amount of compensation to be paid by pharmaceutical companies, if a volunteer dies or gets injured, due to a drug being tested on h/him in a clinical trial.Now, pharmaceutical companies in India pay compensation \"according to their will,\" as parameters had been laid down.The new calculation suggests that the younger the patient, the higher will be the compensation. The CDSCO draft says the \"method for calculating the quantum of financial compensation will have to be decided on the basis of age of the deceased, income of the deceased, seriousness and severity of the disease the subject was suffering at the time of his/her participation into the trial and percentage of permanent disability.\"In order to incorporate provisions for payment of compensation, draft rules have been published that is under consideration for finalization.The proposed draft rule 122 DAB in Clause (1) and (2) of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act provides that in case of trial related injury or death, financial compensation will be provided in accordance with the recommendations of the ethics committee.\"By the time the amended rules come into force, the guidelines should be in place for the purpose of implementation of the rules,\" the guideline says.Families of the 22 people, who died during clinical trials in 2010, shared Rs 50 lakh that was paid by 10 pharma companies. Compensation ranged from Rs 1.08 lakh to Rs 10 lakh. Most of the families received between Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 2.5 lakh as a one-time compensation amount.The companies who paid the compensation included well known names like Wyeth, Quintiles, Lilly, Amgen, Bayer, Bristol Mayer, Sanofi, PPD and Pfizer. Initially, firms had not paid compensation for majority of these deaths.A CDSCO official said, \"When a 70-year-old patient, who is terminally ill, dies during a clinical trial due to an adverse reaction of the drug, the compensation should be lesser than that given to a 22-year-old man in the first stage of the same disease who succumbs to the same drug. The youth could be the sole bread-winner of the family and would have lived longer if not for the adverse drug reaction. So the guidelines quantify accordingly who should get how much compensation.\"He added, \"At present, both these patients could get the same amount and it could be an abysmally low amount decided by the pharma company. Once the guidelines are in place, division of compensation will be fair.\"CDSCO says \"There needs to be a simple and expeditious procedure for payment of compensation and criteria for determining the amount of financial/material compensation to be paid in the cases of study related injury to the subject or in case of death to h/his nominees.\"It says a research-related injury occurs to a subject because of taking part in a trial. Injuries may range from relatively minor harms (such as bruises or infected wounds) to major injuries (such as organ damage or temporary disability) to catastrophic injuries (such as permanent disability or death). An injury may require only acute or emergency care, or it may require continuing care. Injuries can be physical or psychological/emotional.The Drug Technical Advisory Board (DTAB) on October 10, 2011, had given its nod to CDSCO to put in place a \"compensation chart\" or extensive guidelines that will specify the amount to be paid.The compensation has to be paid by the sponsor of the trial or its representative within 90 days of the death or injury to the victim or the next of kiln.Within the first 30 days, the firm will also have to prove to the ethics committee that the death or injury wasn't due to the drug, and failing so it will have to pay the fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15397943", "title": "\u2018Result factor keeps the number of minors leaving home high\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: The increasing number of cases of minors leaving the house is keeping the policemen worried as locating them proves to be a difficult task.The number of missing minors who could not be traced by the cops of Varanasi range was recorded to be 136 by August 1. DIG Range, A Satish Ganesh, who is monitoring all these cases, told TOI, \"in maximum cases, the reasons were surprising. Most of these cases happen around the result seasons (from the period of declaration of the results of annual examinations to entrance and competitive tests). It happens because of the apprehensions children have the pressure at home for obtaining good marks.\"Many other reasons have also come to light after the minors return or when they are rescued. The analysis of case studies reveals that in comparison to major cities like Varanasi, where the result factor keeps the number of such cases high, the reasons like seeing the glamour of metropolitan cities from close encourages minors from small towns and rural belts to leave home, DIG said. In majority of the cases in this region, it has been noticed that the boys or girls have fled after stealing money from the house. In these types of cases, the minors return home themselves when the money finishes, added the DIG.The figures of cases registered in four districts of the range also hint towards the same reasons. By August 1, the number of cases of missing minors in Varanasi district was 63. This figure is still very high despite the fact that 30 minors either returned or were rescued by the police. In Chandauli district, the number of pending cases was 22 while in eight cases registered in past, the children returned home safely. The figures of missing minors were 30 and 22 in Jaunpur and Ghazipur districts.The DIG said whenever the minors returned home, they were interrogated by the police, in maximum cases it was found that there was either a communication gap between parents and children or the fear factor existed due to the pressure to perform better in examinations. The children in these categories are misled by their companions. Possibility of kidnapping remains negligible, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397958", "title": "DGP Dayal assures to send Sunil Kolhe to Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: State director general of police (DGP) Sanjeev Dayal has assured that he would ensure former superintendent of police (Sindhudurg) Sunil Kolhe joins the city as deputy commissioner of police as soon as possible.Kolhe is one of three senior officers yet to join the city police even after being posted here in the orders issued on June 13. Though Dayal did not react to any questions, he was firm that officers like Kolhe would soon follow government orders to come here.\"Kolhe is keen to join Nagpur police but he could not be released. We will release him soon for Nagpur,\" said the DGP when TOI pointed out that two officers of DCP rank and one that of Additional CP has opted to get their transfer orders cancelled leading to much inconvenience to city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15397338", "title": "Youth kills wife's 'paramour', mom", "text": "BANGALORE: BBMP contractor Lokesh, 25, allegedly murdered his wife's suspected boyfriend, Anil, and her mother within two hours here on Tuesday. Conniving with Lokesh was his friend Manoj.The two residents of New Bank Colony in Konanakunte, under Subramanyapura police limits, reportedly confessed to the murders, and are in police custody.Police are yet to find the body of Anil, a resident of Talghattapura. The other victim, Kamalamma, 50, was a resident of New Bank Colony.Kamalamma, who lived on the first floor of her three-storey building, was found in a pool of blood at her residence around 4.15pm by her neighbours. An open door aroused their suspicion. They found her brutally hacked to death.Lokesh and his friend Manoj, who allegedly killed Lokesh, the \"lover\" of the former's wife, and Kamalamma, her mother, used machetes. They were moving about suspiciously in New Bank Colony when they were arrested.On interrogation, Lokesh confessed to have killed both. He said he suspected Anil to be his wife's paramour.Lokesh told police he killed Anil around 2.30pm and then dumped his body in Talaghattapura forest off Kanakapura Road.DCP (south) Sonia Narang told TOI that Lokesh's target was his wife Chandrika. But since she was not at home, her mother bore the brunt of Lokesh's fury.Lokesh stayed on the ground floor of Kamalamma's building. He fell in love with Kamalamma's daughter Chandrika and married her at the age of 20. It was an inter-caste marriage. A few months ago, Lokesh and Chandrika developed differences. \"The couple suspected each other's character and constantly fought. Lokesh moved out while Chandrika continued to live in the ground floor house,\" police said.Subramanyapura and Talaghattapura police combed Talaghattapura forest in Ramanagaram district for Anil's body till late in the night.Narang said Lokesh was a BCom dropout. He ran a vegetable shop for a livelihood and recently closed down his business.\"He now claims he's a civil works contractor with BBMP. We're verifying what he was doing and to identify the real motive behind the murders,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "15396673", "title": "Fiza cremated as per Hindu traditions", "text": "MOHALI: Anuradha Bali, who had converted to Islam and took the name Fiza about four years ago in order to marry former Haryana deputy chief minister Chandermohan aka Chand Mohammad, was cremated as per Hindu traditions in Chandigarh on Tuesday after her family members opposed an Islamic funeral.Fiza's decomposed body was found on Monday in her house in Mohali, the satellite town of Chandigarh. A handful of people including Fiza's sisters Monica and Aditi and some advocates and friends attended the cremation in Sector 25.The relatives of Fiza, who retained her name even after separating from Chandermohan, sprinkled perfume on her body before the cremation to quell the foul smell emanating from the highly-decomposed body.Though she had changed her religion and continued to use the changed name even after separating from Chandermohan, she was given a Hindu cremation.\"It was a joint decision of the family,\" said Fiza's uncle Satpal, who refused to make any more comments. Two members of Fiza's political group 'Fiza-e-Hind,' Nasim Ahmed and Babban Zedi, who are from Chandigarh, and attended the cremation, said that they had expected a Muslim burial. \"We though she would get a Muslim burial but in the end the decision depended upon her family members,\" said Zedi.Ajit Singh Hooda, an advocate at the Punjab and Haryana high court, said that he had dinner with Fiza on the night of August 1. \"After dinner I dropped her to her residence around 7.45pm. The same night Fiza called me and said that she wanted to discuss some legal matter and I suggested that she call in the morning hours,\" said Hooda.Fiza had eloped with Chandermohan in 2008 and they got married secretly in Meerut in UP. They changed their names and converted to Islam to avoid legal complications as it was Chandermohan's second marriage. Chandermohan gave talaq (divorce) to Fiza in 2009 and they lived separately after that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "15396696", "title": "Italian arrested in Haldwani for overstaying", "text": "DEHRADUN: A team of local intelligence and police arrested Luka Mazia, a 42-year-old Italian national, late on Monday on charges of overstaying in India at a rented house in Haldwani in Nainital district.Nainital SSP Sadanand Date said that Mazia was arrested from the densely-populated Bithuria locality in a surprise raid conducted by the members of a crack team.SSP Date said that though Mazia was arrested and kept at Haldwani Kotwali under section 14 of the Foreigner's Act for staying after his visa expired on June 29, police and intelligence cops are probing his alleged links with Maoist insurgents operating in the Tarai area of Kumaon. The police have not moved court to ask for Mazia's remand as of now. Date said Mazia was sent to 14 days of judicial custody in Haldwani jail.The police also recovered Maoist literature from the rented house of Mazia. According to a senior police officer at Nainital, Maoist leader Prashant Rahi had allegedly arranged the house for Mazia.Rahi denied it saying that he was not aware of Mazia's stay in Haldwani. A senior police officer in Nainital said that Mazia was also arrested in Mussoorie in 2009 for overstaying and was kept in judicial custody at Dehradun jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "15397503", "title": "Feasting with pals on home-made spread", "text": "HAIBOWAL: It was a special iftaar for Abdul Majid, a senior CT technologist at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), as he broke the fast with family and friends at his residence here. Besides his family -- wife Uzma Parveen, a homemaker, son Lataaf Ahmed, 9, and daughter Kareena,6 - the feast saw some close friends -- including Nasruddin, a garment factory owner, his wife Aliya, daughter Gudiya, 3, and another friend Muhammad Aalam -- too joining in.Majid said, \"It is good to break the fast with family and friends. On Monday, we not only had a good company, but also earned the blessings of Allah for feeding guests at iftaar. We broke the fast with dates, which was followed by 'sharbet' and 'pakodas' specially prepared by my wife. Later, the male members went to Noor Masjid in Civil Lines for evening prayers. After returning from the mosque after 'Tarawi' (special prayers during Ramzan), we had a sumptuous dinner. Everyone loved 'dum pukht biryani (chicken 'biryani' prepared on high steam), chicken korma and 'koftas'. Then the assemblage prayed for their as well as the host family's well being.\"About the food, Parveen said, \"Many spices go into 'dum pukht biryani'. Chicken korma is easy to make, but 'koftas' require much time and hard work. I am happy the guests loved the food.\"Praising the hospitality of Majid, Nasruddin said, \"It was a special iftaar party... breaking the fast with near and dear ones. May Allah bless him and his family. I offered special prayer for him in the evening.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "15400748", "title": "22 killed as bus falls into gorge in Meghalaya's East Jaintia district", "text": "SHILLONG: At least 22 people were killed and several others critically injured when a Tripura-bound bus fell into a deep gorge in Meghalaya's East Jaintia hills district in the wee hours today.The incident took place sometime between 3 AM and 5 AM at Tamseng village near Meghalaya-Aassam border.The bus was on its way to Agartala from Guwahati when it fell into the 80-feet deep gorge.\"We have been able to retrieve 22 bodies even as six critically injured persons were shifted to Khliehriat community health centre\", district police chief M K Dkhar said.\"There are possibilities of more deaths and the district police and fire service personnel are on the job to rescue the trapped persons in the bus\", he said.The depth of the gorge is over 80 feet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15401297", "title": "Pune serial blasts: Injured man being quizzed by ATS", "text": "PUNE: The lone injured person in the August 1 serial bomb explosions here \u2014 Dayanand Patil \u2014 discharged after treatment, is now being questioned further by the ATS officials, who have taken over the probe from the city crime branch, police sources said today.Police have already stated that Patil, in whose carry bag, one of the explosives went off near the Balghandharva theatre, was not under detention or arrest and was under routine interrogation only to know the details of the events, leading to the blasts.No headway has so far been made in the investigations in a week after the explosions occurred.A tailor by profession, Patil, who used to commute daily from the nearby Uruli Kanchan village to Pune to work in a shop, was treated for minor injuries and a spinal cord problem in the Sassoon hospital here, from where he was officially discharged on Monday night, hospital authorities said.Patil , however, was being taken to his native place Bidar in Karnataka by the ATS officials as part of the ongoing investigations into the minor blasts, sources said.Meanwhile, still smarting under the impact of the blasts, in which, the terrorism angle has not been ruled out, police have appealed to people not to congregate in large numbers on streets for the 'Dahi Handi' festival to celebrate Janmasthtami festival tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396434", "title": "AP woman rescued from red light area", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 27-year-old woman from Andhra Pradesh, who was lured to the Capital with the promise of a job but sold into a prostitution racket, was rescued from a red light area, police said .The rescue took place after the mother of the woman approached the police on Monday saying that her daughter was confined to a building in the red light area.A raid was conducted and the woman was rescued, ACP (Central) Devesh Chandra Srivastava said.\"The victim belongs to a poor family. She was lured with better job prospects in Delhi and was brought here by a woman of her village. Later, she was sold to the red light area,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396421", "title": "Act against 46 MBMC netas, court tells state46 MBMC corporators may face action", "text": "MUMBAI: Forty-six sitting corporators from the Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC), many of whom are contesting fresh elections on August 12, are likely to face action for allegedly backing an illegal construction of a fellow corporator in 2009.Justices S A Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar of the Bombay high court have asked the state government to take action against the corporators within a month. In 2009, the corporators had rejected a proposal placed by the civic administration before the MBMC general body seeking disqualification of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) corporator Nayana Mhatre.Nayana and her husband Gajanan were accused of constructing a one-storey building on a government plot at Murdha village in Bhayander (W) in 2009. Right To Information (RTI) activist from Bhayandera, Arvind Gupta had raised the issue with the then civic chief Shivmurti Naik in November 2009.After ascertaining that Nayana had carried out the illegal construction on government land, Naik moved a proposal seeking her disqualification. Of the 47 corporators in the House, only one corporator Milan Mhatre from the Janata Dal had voted in favour of taking acting against Nayana Mhatre.The remaining 46 from the Congress, NCP, BJP, Shiv Sena, Bahujan Vikas Aghadi and MNS rejected the proposal on the ground that there wasn't sufficient proof against Nayana.Gupta who had obtained documents to prove that the structure had indeed come up on government land then approached the high court. The court then directed the state to look into the allegations but had not set a time frame. However, with no progress in the case, Gupta moved the court again last month against the 46 corporators on the ground that the very civic leaders will be contesting the 2012 civic polls.The corporators include BJP district president and former mayor Narendra Mehta, MBMC deputy mayor Jayant Patil, standing committee chairperson Kalpana Mhatre, BJP leader of the house Omprakash Agarwal, NCP leader of the house Bhagwati Sharma and Shiv Sena leader of the house Anant Patil.Most of the corporators including Nayana are contesting the polls. Gajanan is also contesting the election this time. When the allegations were made Gajanan was not a corporator.The court order has come as a blow to the corporators who are campaigning for the elections. If found guilty the corporators can be disqualified and barred from contesting elections for six years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396078", "title": "State may sue MTNL for CCTV plan delay", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government is planning to sue MTNL for the delay in implementation of the Rs 864-crore CCTV cover plan for Mumbai. The state has now sought the opinion of Advocate General Darius Khambata on the matter. State chief secretary J K Banthia on Tuesday submitted all the documents pertaining to the project to the advocate general.\"On August 6, MTNL informed us that it had blacklisted one of the members in its consortium, Allied digital services, on May 3. In such circumstances, we have no option but to cancel the entire bidding process. All documents pertaining to the project have been submitted to the advocate general as we had sought his opinion. We expect to start the process afresh within a week,\" a senior NCP minister said.After the state home department called for expression of interest for installation of 6,000 CCTVs in the metropolis, Allied digital services, MTNL and DWPL formed a consortium to win the contract. Following the scrutiny of all proposals by the technical committee, headed by information secretary Rajesh Agarwal,the contract was awarded to the consortium led by Allied digital services. During the verification of documents and credentials, the home department found that MTNL had blacklisted Allied digital services and had not informed the state government. \"MTNL should have brought it to our notice. that it had blacklisted Allied digital services, butWe were informed about it only after we took up the matter with MTNL. It's shocking that MTNL formed a consortium with a company it had blacklisted,\" said the minister, adding, \"Pointing out thatMTNL had suppressed crucial information. The state governmentis now planning to take up the matter with the Centre.\" , said the minister. \"That MTNL agreed to be part of a consortium led by a blacklisted firm reflects its casual approach. The is a serious matter as the project involved the security of an entire city. We will take it up with the appropriate competent authority at the Centre,'' he said.Responding to TOI report on Monday (CCTVs in Mumbai at least 2 yrs away, tenders to be invited again), MTNL said on Tuesday confirmed that MTNL (New-Delhi) blacklisted Allied digital services for irregularities on May 3. MTNL's contention is thatAllied digital services was not blacklisted when the technical bids for the CCTV project were opened on April 14. \"Secretary (IT) was intimated about the development related to the consortium issue by letters dated May 30 and three letters to home department on June 19, June 23 and August 6,\" the MTNL said.Chairman and managing director of Allied digital services Nitin Shah told TOI by email, that he was e-mailing his response on the row over the CCTV project, particularly the blacklisting of his firm, but did send it. I am sending my response to ToI by e-mail,\"We are sorting out the issue...we have submitted our view to MTNL on its decision to blacklist our firm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "15397427", "title": "Son kills father in Jhansi", "text": "JHANSI: In a horrifying incident, a man in a fit of rage killed his aged father by hitting him by a rod in village Thakurpura, Babina, around 30 kilometres from Jhansi on Tuesday. As per police officials, Par Singh (36) had an altercation with his father Puran Singh (70) regarding some property matter. Both of them had an argument, which increased to such a point that Par Singh lost his temper and hit his father with an iron rod killing Puran on the spot.Police reached the spot after they got the information from villagers and arrested the accused and booked him under section 304 and sent the body for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "15396466", "title": "Students 'engineer' chain snatching", "text": "NIZAMABAD: There has been a spurt in chain-snatching incidents in Nizamabad in the recent past. But a majority of the culprits in the theft cases were engineering students. This has left the police worrying over the frequency of these cases.Senior police officials said eight engineering students have been arrested in the last six months alone for committing the crime. The accused students mainly target lonely women walking in the by-lanes, isolated areas and scoot on their motorbikes after snatching gold chains, mangalasutrams and other gold ornaments.\"It has become easier for these students to cover their faces with scarves and flee after snatching the gold chains,\" a police officer told TOI.Most of the students were resorting to thefts with a view to fulfill their daily needs, he added.DSP J Ram Mohan Rao said students addicted to liquor, cigarette and hookah smoking were taking the crime path as an easy way out. \"It's not a healthy sign for society. Instead of worrying about their future careers, the students are ending up as criminals,\" he rued.Experts said the incidents of chain-snatchings committed by students were high in Nizamabad police sub-division as a majority of the engineering colleges are located in and around the district headquarters.In recent times, out of 15 chain-snatching cases registered in the sub-division, 11 cases have been detected with three B Tech students arrested.B R Vikram, principal of Vijay Rural Engineering College, blamed the parents for the mess. \"The parents are least concerned about the activities of their wards,\" he pointed out.Nagaraj Goud, father of an engineering student, however, puts the blame on the college managements' negligence, peer pressure and fascination towards western culture for the spurt in crimes committed by students.Vivek, a B Tech final year student, said it was not fair to blame the entire student community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396438", "title": "Special cell gets court rap, told to stick to rules", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police's special cell recently faced embarrassment when its officials could not inform a trial court whether it is governed by a special law, different from the one governing the rest of Delhi Police.Ignorance of the special cell staff on which law to follow irked the court, which observed that the cell, created to deal with cases of terrorism and other heinous crime, has to follow the Punjab Police Rules like other departments of Delhi Police.The court made the observations while acquitting six persons in a case of fake currency on the ground that the cell's failure to adhere to the Punjab Police Rules cast a doubt on its investigation.\"When a cell is created to deal with such offences, society and system cast a heavy duty upon the members of such cell to carry out the investigation in accordance with the rules and regulations. But in the instant case, even members of special cell are not aware whether they are governed by the Punjab Police Rules or not....\" said ASJ Pawan Kumar Jain.The court directed that a copy of the order be sent to the police commissioner for issuance of directions to the special cell to follow the law governing the entire Delhi Police, for greater \"transparency and impartiality in investigation\".The cell faced a setback after the accused's counsel, Summet Verma, claimed investigators did not follow the protocol of recording their time of arrival and departure while conducting the raids. The court noted such lapses \"unnecessarily supply ammunition to the defence to raise a finger over the entire investigation\".The court also pulled up the cell for failing to get independent witnesses, pointing out that CBI always managed to get them.\"Numerous government and private offices are located near the office of special cell. Thus, if sincere efforts are made there, investigators can get as many independent and reliable persons for the purpose of investigation but they always prefer to ask only passersby who may have their own schedule, and investigators never send any requisition to the government/private offices asking them to spare one/two persons for the purpose of investigation for a particular case,\" the court said.The court made the observations while acquitting 6 persons in a case of fake currency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "15395971", "title": "Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha condemns anti-people policies of Central government", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Activists of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha on Tuesday carried out membership campaign near CMP degree college under the chairmanship of regional in-charge (BJYM) Shashank Shekhar Pandey.On the occasion, Pandey said activists of BJYM would approach youths of all colleges and universities and would ask them to join BJP. He added that a rally would be held at district collectorate on August 27 by the BJYM.The activists also condemned the union government's anti people policies and appealed youths to come forward and join BJP.BJP's national spokesman Siddarthnath Singh asked youths to strengthen the country by joining the party. He said that BJP is the only alternative for people of the country who would give them good governance. Meanwhile, activists and leaders of BJP on Tuesday decided to take out a protest campaign from August 8 to 14 against increased house tax in city. The campaign would be taken under the chairmanship of former state president, Keshari Nath Tripathi.BJP leader, Babburam Dwivedi said \" membership camps are being organised by the party at different parts of the city\". He added that party workers would strongly oppose the approach of increased house tax and the effigy of urban development minister would be torched.Membership campaigning would be taken out at Baluaghat crossing, Sadiapur, ADC, Naini, Policebooth crossing (Kydganj), Malviya Nagar, Loknath crossing, Meerapur, Malakraj, Slum, Bahadurganj, Mutthiganj crossing and Rambagh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396403", "title": "HC seeks CBI stand on Srilakshmi's bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu of the AP high court on Tuesday sought to know the stand of the CBI by Monday on a petition filed by Y Srilakshmi, the accused IAS officer arrested in the illegal mining case.She was seeking bail on the ground that it was more than six months since her arrest. The CBI has already filed the chargesheet and her prolonged pre-trial detention is not essential now, was her contention.\"All the evidence and documents were already with the CBI and the court and I cannot tamper with them now even if I come out on bail\", she said. The matter would come up for hearing next Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396385", "title": "Govt slammed for cap on fee", "text": "HYDERABAD: The decision of the state government to put a cap on the fee being paid to engineering college students under the reimbursement scheme has given fresh fodder for CM-baiters and city ministers Danam Nagender and M Mukesh Goud to take potshots at the government. However, this time, they are being joined by a few more ministers and Congress MLAs.On Monday, the ministers' sub-committee headed by deputy chief minister C Damodara Raja Narasimha had fixed a ceiling of Rs 31,000 on the fee to be reimbursed to the students. Moreover, the fee will be reimbursed only if students clear half of the subjects in the first year.The first to react to the partial and conditional fee reimbursement were labour minister Nagender and marketing minister Mukesh Goud. Separately, they said the decision is painful and not acceptable to them. Danam said such a decision would have a serious political impact on the ruling party in the 2014 elections.\"BC students should be treated on a par with SCs and there should be no ceiling or condition on the fee reimbursement,\" he said.Terming the decision of the ministerial sub-committee as unfortunate, Danam said when opposition political party was proactively pursuing a BC agenda to get their votes, the Congress should not act in a manner that distances itself from the community,\" he said.The committee should take a relook at the recommendation, the said.\"The state government should not go back on the fee reimbursement issue even though it entails a financial burden because the scheme will go a long way in the overall development of the backward sections,\" Mukhesh said. He wondered as to how the committee recommended such a retrograde step even after taking the opinions from the BC ministers.Endowments minister C Ramachandraiah also felt that the decision was not in the best interests of the backward classes.Similarly, MLAs T Nandiswar Goud and P Shankar Rao also expressed dissatisfaction at the ministerial committee's decision to put a cap on the fee to be reimbursed by the government.\"There should not be any restriction on the reimbursement to the BC students who get admission to professional colleges,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15398576", "title": "It's result that counts: Shiv Khera", "text": "PATNA: It's the results and not the hard work you did to achieve them that would go down in history. No one remembers how many times you missed the target by a whisker, but how many times it was a perfect 100. This is what motivational guru Shiv Khera said while delivering a lecture at the Arcade Business College here on Tuesday.Addressing youngsters, Khera said, \"Famous Australian swimmer Michel Phelps , who now holds the record of having the highest medal tally in Olympics, had faced a massive accident a year before 2008 Beijing Olympics. He was asked by his coach to give up, but he proved him wrong by winning eight gold medals then.\" He added it's just not sheer determination, but patience too that is equally important. \"For a performance of 15 seconds, Phelps worked tirelessly for 15 months,\" said Khera.He said the world's memory is very short to remember how close you were to the target. \"No one takes pain to know how many times Sachin got out at the score of 99, but what one remembers is how many times he scored a 100,\" he said.Khera told Gen X if one is not part of the solution, then one is the problem himself. There is no grey area. There is very minor difference between wish and determination. If wish is followed by unflinching action, it becomes determination, otherwise it's a vacuum. The obstructions on the path of achievement of a goal may alter your wish, but not determination, Khera said.Giving examples from his own life, Khera said while going through a bad phase in US, where he was employed initially as a car washer, he got a job as an insurance agent, one in which he was never interested. His performance was very bad. Consequently, he was lambasted by his boss and was on the verge of being kicked out. The hurt on self-respect pushed him to work so hard that he achieved record performance in the next few months. Khera said, \"Many a times even if your career is not going in the direction you like, you have to be pragmatic and should give more than hundred per cent to steer it.\" He added the boss's unkindness thus proved kindness to him.Answering questions on the disbanding of Team Anna, Khera said corruption is at such a high level that even the Supreme Court on many instances has expressed its frustration with it. \"The country is facing innumerable problems, many of which go unnoticed, but at the heart of all lies corruption. In such a dismal scenario, there is no hope other than a movement like that of Anna.\"Asked about the status of a political party, Bharatiya Rastravadi Samanata Party, launched by him earlier, Khera said, \"Because of my financial and health constraints I had to disband it. But that didn't deter my cause. I have filed a host of PILs on issues of public importance. Many a time there is no advocate to take up my case, and then I argue myself, but don't give up.\"The lecture was organized on the occasion of inauguration of the new academic session of Arcade Business College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15397212", "title": "Govt takes a shortcut to meet doctor shortage", "text": "KOLKATA: The state has found a quick way to solve the dearth of specialists that government hospitals are reeling under. The health department has decided to introduce a two-year certificate course and a string of diploma courses for MBBS degree holders. Those opting for the course will have the choice to specialize in six disciplines which don't have an adequate number of specialists. However, the courses have not yet been approved by the Medical Council of India (MCI).Till the time these get the MCI stamp the medics will be barred from practising outside the limits of West Bengal. Moreover, they will be eligible for employment as specialists within the state, but will not be eligible for certain senior posts that will continue to be reserved for MD degree-holders. The courses are slated to begin from the next academic session. The medics will be barred from practising outside the limits of West Bengal till the Medical Council of India (MCI) approves the degrees. They would be introduced from the next academic session.Hit by a dearth of specialists in state hospitals, the health department has now chalked out a plan to produce more of them. It is about to introduce a two-year certificate course and a string of diploma courses for MBBS degree-holders who will have the choice to specialize in six disciplines which don't have an adequate number of specialists.They will be eligible for employment as specialists within the state, but will not be eligible for certain senior posts that will continue to be reserved for MD degree-holders. The medics will be barred from practising outside the limits of West Bengal till the Medical Council of India (MCI) approves the degrees. They would be introduced from the next academic session.\"We have a shortage of specialists in areas like paediatrics, pathology, gynaecology, anaesthesia, neonatology and radiology. It's not easy to fill up these vacancies with just MD degree holders. So, these courses will help produce more specialists in a short span of time. This will help in meeting the shortage and elevate the standard of treatment in government facilities,\" said Tridib Banerjee, president of the state medical council.While a two-year diploma course will be introduced for each of the six disciplines, certificate courses will be started for radiology and neonatology. A few other disciplines could have these courses as well.While they will be recognized by the state medical council, the diploma and certificate-holders will be treated as specialists within the confines of the state. The West Bengal University of Health Sciences (WBUHS) will give out the diplomas.Around 1200 MBBS and MD degree holders pass out from West Bengal every year. Once the new courses are added, an additional 305 specialists will join them once the new courses are added. Even though the health department believed this will help to wipe out the deficit in the number of specialists, senior government doctors felt it could further skew the doctor-patient ratio in the state. \"We need more doctors, including specialists, in rural hospitals and health centres. While the doctor-patient ratio in cities is 1:800, in rural areas it remains 1:3000. By producing more specialists, we shall only be creating more doctors for towns and cities. Unless they are bound by a contract, few specialists will stick to government establishments for long. They will invariably flock to corporate hospitals in Kolkata and elsewhere,\" said Rezaul Karim, president of the Nationalistic Doctors' Forum.He added that several diplomas offered by WBUHS were not recognized by the MCI. \"It could be frustrating and restrictive for doctors with such diplomas,\" said Karim. But new degrees were the most logical step ahead, felt Mrinal Chatterjee, pro vice-chancellor of WBUHS.\"You can never have enough MD or MS degree holders to cater to the growing number of patients in government establishments. Diplomas will help tackle the crisis at least within the state,\" said Chatterjee. The health department will try and pursue the MCI to recognize all the diploma and certificate courses, said Banerjee.\"We need to look after patients in our state. We can't wait for the MCI approval but we will try and secure that,\" Banerjee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15395670", "title": "Every poor family may get a mobile", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what could turn out to be its calling card for the 2014 general elections, the government is finalizing a Rs 7,000 crore scheme to give one mobile phone to every family living below the poverty line.Sources in the PMO said the scheme\u2014Har Hath Mein Phone\u2014expected to be announced by PM Manmohan Singh on August 15, will not only aim to give away mobiles to around six million BPL households, but also provide 200 minutes of free local talk time.Top government managers involved in formulating the scheme want to sell it as a major empowerment initiative of the UPA 2. While the move will ensure contact with the beneficiaries of welfare programmes worth thousands of crores, there is also a view the scheme will provide an opportunity for the UPA to open a direct line of communication with a sizable population that plays an active role in polls.The scheme may be funded from the telecom department's universal service obligation (USO) funds. According to a source, 50% of the cost is likely to come from the bidder who gets the right to provide the service and the remaining from the USO fund. The fund is meant to be used to meet USO aims by providing access to phone services to people in rural and remote areas at affordable prices. The resources for its implementation are raised through a service levy fixed at 5% of the adjusted gross revenue of all telecom service providers except the pure value added service providers like internet, voice mail, email etc.According to estimates, the scheme will involve a monthly expenditure of Rs 100 per cellphone. The government is also exploring the possibility of getting service charges subsidized through competitive bidding.The PMO is directly involved with the Planning Commission and telecom ministry in giving a final shape to the scheme. The government has already launched a national infrastructure initiative under the PM's advisor Sam Pitroda that aims to link 2,50,000 panchayats across the country within 16 months through internet so that basic communication facilities can be provided to the rural masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15397651", "title": "Tagore remembered on 71st death anniversary", "text": "RANCHI: The 71st death anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore was observed at many places here with various cultural programmes. LEBB High school also organized an event to pay tributes to the legendary bard.Sanjay kumar, LEBB School principal, said \"Our students presented 'Jadi Tor Dak Shune Keo' first in the Bengali version followed by Hindi. At many places, institutions organized some dance programmes but we thought this is not the day to organize such programmes hence we just concentrated on songs and poems recited by our students.\"Jyoti Singh, who was a member of the chorus that presented the song, said \"We have been preparing for this day as it's a big day where we pay tributes to Tagore. I am honoured to sing the Rabindranath Sangeet on this day. Even in the assembly we sang songs for him. We thought that we should sing the song in the original Bengali language but for those who do not understand that language we sang it in Hindi as well to make them understand the lyrics in a proper manner.\"Vaibhavi Kumari said \"Our guests delved on Tagore's philosophy on death which we were hardly aware and came to know about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15398166", "title": "Malnutrition in Rayagada worries Centre", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Taking serious note of the alarmingly high number of malnutrition cases in tribal-dominated Rayagada district, the Centre has asked Odisha to examine the matter and take appropriate steps.The Union woman and child development (WCD) department has forwarded the findings of a nutrition and education survey conducted in Rayagada, to the state WCD department, which shows that the integrated child development scheme (ICDS) does not have any significant impact on improving nutrition status of children in the district, though most pregnant women and lactating mothers were registered with it. It pointed out an infant mortality rate of 131 per 1000, which is higher compared to the government estimate of 83 in the district and nearly double of the state-level IMR of 65, as estimated in Sample Registration Survey (SRS) 2009.Director, social welfare, Sujata R Karthikeyan on Monday asked the Rayagada district administration to take necessary action on the recommendations of the study undertaken by the Lucknow-based Institute of Applied Statistics and Development Studies (IASDS). Voluntary organizations Welthungerhlife and Living Farms had commissioned IASDS for the study for their \"Fight Hunger First\" initiative.The study found 23 cases of children death below one year out of 171 live births in 12 months ending September 2011. The survey covered all 2,050 households in 52 villages of six pre-dominantly tribal panchayats of Bissamcuttack and Muniguda blocks. 75% of children below five years of age were found to be stunted. Out of them, 55 per cent were severely stunted.Holding low birth weight, faulty lactating and weaning practices, lack of hygiene and high prevalence of diseases responsible for the situation, the study recommended setting up of nutrition rehabilitation centres in the district, improvement of supervision systems, and building better working conditions of anganwadi workers.The study found the Mahatma Gadhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) was practically dysfunctional in the study area. Around 58% of those surveyed did not get single day's work despite registration. Besides, only 65% children were registered with schools, which is lower compared to the latest Annual Health Survey findings of around 77 per cent children attending schools in the district. The tribal-dominated district with population of 9.6 lakh has a literacy rate of 50.88%, as per Census 2011.When contacted, Director, social welfare, Sujata R Karthikeyan said the government is addressing malnutrition and hunger deaths on priority basis. \"All required steps are being taken,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397428", "title": "If not potholes, rubber humps give motorists a bumpy ride", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents and commuters who heaved a sigh last month when Chennai Corporation removed unauthorised and badly-constructed speed-breakers are still not happy. The concrete structures are now being replaced with rubber humps which experts say are not approved by the Indian Roads Congress (IRC).Many newly-laid roads in Adyar, Chintadripet and Besant Nagar have yellow and black rubber speed-breakers in place of the concrete ones.Motorists say these rubber structures not only make driving uncomfortable, but also pose a threat. \"The rubber structures were laid less than two months ago. Parts of the structure are missing, leaving large iron nails jutting out. So you have a greater chance of ending up with a flat tyre,\" says Arulpitchai Narayanan of Besant Nagar. Krithika Reddy, a commuter, says it is impossible to drive smoothly over these structures. \"Even if we slow down to 20km per hour, the vehicle jumps. I have seen two-wheelers skid,\" she says.Experts say rubber speed-breakers can only be used as a temporary measure. \"According to IRC standards, the speed-breaker should be of the same material that is used to lay the road,\" says K P Subramanian, a transportation engineer and a retired Anna University professor. He says the civic body opts for rubber rumblers, which are flat.Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan says the civic body began fixing these speed-breakers after the death of minister Sellur K Raja's son in a accident on NSC Bose Road. He was thrown off his bike after he hit a speed-breaker in front of the high court complex.The corporation had identified nearly 400 speed-breakers across to the city that needed to be modified according to IRC standards. \"We want to build humps as per the IRC standards so that they just slow down the vehicle, but not break the drive,\" said a corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "15397901", "title": "Akola Municipal Corporation pays contractor for road not built by him", "text": "AKOLA: It has come to light that Akola Municipal Corporation (AMC) has paid a contractor for work that he did not do. The management of the private speciality hospital ICON had constructed a cement road from Laddha Hospital to Padiya House in Kediya Plot locality for Rs5 lakh. But, AMC administration paid the money for the work to its contractor!On February 27, 2009, AMC had ordered the construction of 120 metre cement road at a cost of Rs4.95 lakh. Contractor Sanjay Agrawal was given the contract, but, the road was not constructed by early 2011. So, the management of ICON Hospital decided to construct the road on its own.However, AMC paid Rs5 lakh to the contractor on December 21, 2011 from the government fund. It has been further claimed by AMC that the road was constructed under the supervision of junior engineer Krishna Wadekar.Chairman of standing committee Vijay Agrawal has demanded an inquiry and FIR be lodged against the guilty persons. Executive engineer of AMC Pushpam Gupta said that no guilty person will be spared. Municipal commissioner Deepak Chaudhri admitted that the matter is serious and an in-depth inquiry will be made and those found guilty will be punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397359", "title": "CBI goes slows in NRHM scam investigation", "text": "LUCKNOW: After moving swiftly for some time when it arrested a number of powerful accused -- including a former minister and a high-profile babu -- for their involvement in the Rs 5,000 crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam, the Central Bureau of Investigation has once again gone slow in its probe.Call it the political compulsion of the Central government, which controls the agency, or its own inability to gather enough evidence to move further, the agency has not made much headway after June 2. The probe in the scam was handed over to the agency in July last year by the high court which had set a three-month deadline to finish the investigation. Since then, the CBI has taken three extensions from the court and the next deadline is again round the corner.One of the reasons for the CBI going slow could be the changed political equations in view of the presidential poll and UPA's own contradiction which have made both SP and BSP important for the Congress. During the assembly election, the three parties were at loggerheads and simultaneously CBI probe into NRHM scam was moving at a fast pace with the BSP, under whose regime the scam took place, at the receiving end.The investigating agency had lodged five FIRs on January 2, 2011. One of the cases was registered in connection with the upgradation of 134 districts hospitals for Rs13.4 crore by Construction &amp; Design Services, a unit of UP Jal Nigam. It was revealed that the said work was given to a Ghaziabad-based firm on the basis of forged documents. The materials used in the hospitals were found to be of inferior quality, resulting in loss of about Rs 5.46 crore to the state exchequer.It was in this case that former BSP minister Babu Singh Kushwaha along with BSP MLA Ram Prakash Jaiswal were accused by the CBI.Immediately after the FIRs, several arrests were made. First of the arrests was that of GM, Construction and Design PK Jain.The CBI remained active throughout the election period and went on to make the most high-profile arrest of Babu Singh Kushwaha and RP Jaiswal till March 3. The arrest of Kushwaha soon after the assembly election raised questions over the CBI's functioning.The election got over and Samajwadi Party won the majority. The government was formed on March 15 under the leadership of SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's son Akhilesh Yadav.With the coming of Samajwadi Party government in the state, the investigations slowed down, barring some minor developments in the case. The lull was broken when the agency arrested former CMO Dr AK Shukla on May 6. His arrest was followed by the arrest of senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla from Amausi Airport on May 10.It was in the interest of the both the parties, political pundits believed. While Congress was desperate to have SP in its flock to ensure victory for UPA's presidential candidate choice, SP needed Congress to ensure UPA government's liberal approach in providing package to Akhilesh-led state government.Thereafter, the CBI took on former BSP health minister Anant Misra Antu and BSP MP Dhananjay Singh's close aide and party MLC Sanjeev Dwivedi alias Ramu Dwivedi. Both were called for questioning in several rounds and it was at that time that it was being believed that Misra could be arrested anytime.On June 2, CBI lodged yet another FIR. The case was registered against the former two ministers and officials of the health department.CBI alleged that Anant Misra and Babu Singh Kushwaha conspired with the suppliers of medicines and surgical items and other private persons to misappropriate the funds under NRHM.In pursuance of the said conspiracy, Misra in collusion with one of the private suppliers of Medicines &amp; Surgical items etc posted CMOs in different districts of UP after allegedly obtaining a huge amount as illegal gratification. The concerned CMOs gave major supply orders for medicine, equipments, training and construction work under the NRHM programme to the same supplier, who had managed their postings.Since then, it has been two months now, but the CBI investigation has not moved much barring a few notices to the doctors to come for quizzing etc.The court is scheduled to hear these cases along with the NRHM scam later this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397974", "title": "BJP corporator held for gambling", "text": "NAGPUR: The crime branch has arrested a BJP corporator and 29 others for allegedly participating in gambling at a den in Vasantrao Naik slums on Maharajbagh road. Ramesh Punekar, BJP corporator from Jagnath Buddhwari, was arrested along with several businessmen and others after the cops raided the premises on Saturday night.The gambling den, which was run by Pintu Shende, offers facilities like eatables and beverages despite being located in a slum. It is learnt that Shende occupied four hutments in the slum to conduct the gambling.Police have seized cash Rs2.60 lakh apart from 29 mobile phones and also a posh car belonging to one Nitin Nagarkar. Offences have been registered at Sitabuldi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396472", "title": "Ground set for Baba\u2019s comeback", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Anna effect had barely worn off and another show is set to begin. Over a year after Baba Ramdev's campaign at Ramlila Maidan, the grounds are gearing up for another massive protest. Hundreds of supporters from across the country have already reached the capital and are camping at the venue.According to Baba Ramdev's team member, they have all the permissions to demonstrate at the grounds till August 30 and can assemble about 30,000 protestors every day.However, the team has not yet revealed the nature of the protest \u2014 whether it will be a fast unto death or demonstration. Members maintained that the nature of protest will be revealed on August 9 only by Baba Ramdev. \"Our leader, Baba Ramdev is presently in a state of spiritual solitude and introspection. He will reveal the nature of protest on Thursday only,\" said the team spokesperson, S K Tijarawala.Anna Hazare to also expected to join the protest, said a team member. \"He had promised in public that he would join us and we are looking forward to meet him,\" he added.Arrangements are in full swing for 500 toilets and 300 bathrooms. Food and water for the protestors is being sponsored by Delhi based NGOs. A team of 30 doctors, led by a senior doctor, will be volunteering at the ground. A group of MCD nursing staff, a team member said, will also be attending. Delhi Police has assured of providing baggage scanners and other security essentials to the protestors. There will be five entry points to the ground \u2014 two exclusively for women, one for senior citizens, one for media and another for general public. Parking arrangements will be made near Mata Sundari park.Around 150 buses carrying protestors from Hyderabad, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Gujarat have already left for the capital. A team of nine core members, including activist Ved pratap Vaidik, food and trade policy analyst Devinder Sharma, Shia religious leader Syed Kalbe Rushaid Rizvi, Bharat Swabhiman Trust members Rakesh Mittal and Acharya Sumana, poet Gajendra Solanki, film maker Lavleen Thadani, among others addressed the media on Thursday.Devinder Sharma, outlining the broad demands of the campaign, said, \"Economic independence will be at the core of our campaign. By eradicating corruption and by bringing black money back to the country, we want to radically reform India's development policies. We are trying to reverse the trend of farmer suicides in this country. So first is 'Kisan ayog', our second aim is to stop agricultural land grab and finally stop exploitation of natural resources.\"The team claimed that 1.5 lakh gram sabhas signed petition endorsing team Ramdev's demands and a delegation will be taking these petitions to the PM's office during the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15401001", "title": "CBI officials to visit violence-hit areas of Assam", "text": "NEW DELHI: A team of CBI officials will visit violence-hit areas of Assam on Thursday after chief minister Tarun Gogoi decided to recommend a probe by the central agency into the clashes.Although CBI has not registered any case in connection with the fresh spate of violence, a team of officials will be sent to the state to gather preliminary information, agency sources said.After fresh incidents of violence were reported in lower Assam districts, Gogoi decided to recommend a CBI probe into the clashes.\"I have recommended a CBI probe into the incidents and now it is up to the Centre to take a final decision on instituting it,\" Gogoi had said.\"Both external and internal forces are at work,\" he said without elaborating.He hoped that the CBI probe would identify the forces behind the violence.The violence between Bodos and minorities has claimed 47 lives in worst-hit Kokrajhar district, 17 in Chirang, 4 in Dhubri besides 5 killed in police firing last month, officials had said.On complaints that Bangladeshi migrants were in relief camps, Gogoi had said, \"We have got reports that people from other states and areas near Bodoland Territorial Areas District (BTAD) are illegally taking shelter in the camps.\"Their antecedents will be checked and we will not allow rehabilitation of outsiders. Only genuine Indian citizens will be rehabilitated,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15398442", "title": "I will talk to Prime Minister about special status: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said that he would raise the issue of special category status for Goa under Article 371 of the Constitution with prime minister Manmohan Singh when he meets him on August 17 at a function in Mumbai.Speaking during zero hour, Parrikar said that he would also raise the issue at the all-India chief ministers' meet in Delhi sometime later.Parrikar said he agreed in principle that Goa needs special category status not for financial aid but for protection of its identity. The chief minister also said he had already spoken to BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and he had assured the NDA's full support to Goa's demand. Parrikar said that if Goa's Congress MLAs could rally the support of the UPA, they could get the required two-thirds of Parliament agreeing to amend Article 371 and thereby grant special category status to Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15400717", "title": "Hansika says no to Bollywood!", "text": "The actress celebrates her birthday tomorrow and has been doing well in the south. When she was recently asked by media about why she didn't do any more Bollywood films after her disastrous start there, Hansika was very candid.She apparently told them that she didn't want to do roles where she would get paid just Rs 7 lakhs to be a glamorous doll wearing skimpy clothes. She strongly believes that an actress should have a role of substance and Bollywood was currently not offering her such roles.Considering she's being paid a hefty amount in Kollywood and Tollywood, it is a wise move on her part to refuse roles which paid her a pittance. The actress also told them the south treats her with respect and she knows how Mumbai works as she was a child artist there. The actress seems to have her head of her shoulders. But was that remark about refusing two song and four scene roles hinted at a particular south actress who's in Mumbai currently and in the Rs 100 crore club with her flicks? We wonder!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15401427", "title": "Indian American wins award for 'Khushiyaan'", "text": "Indian American writer Rajan Gangahar has won the \"best story\" award for the movie \" Khushiyaan\" at the Punjabi International Film Academy Award (PIFAA) held in Toronto last week.New York-based Rajan was presented with the award at a function held in Toronto over the weekend, a media release said. The event among others was attended by top stars from the Bollywood including Dharmendra , Om Puri , Pran Chopra, Jimmy Shergil and Sonu Sood.His first feature film as a story writer, Rajan wrote the dialogue and screen play for \"Khushiyaan\", made by another Indian American Trilok Malik.The film has been making rounds in NRI market and connecting immediately with Punjabi community for its sensitive story and memorable performances by veteran and legendary actors Kulbhushan Kharbanda and Rama Vij.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15401625", "title": "Followed by private groups, Page was not on FBI radar", "text": "WASHINGTON: While private groups had been quietly monitoring the Wisconsin Gurdwara shooter and his racist leanings for years, Wade Michael Page was not on the radar of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).This became clear as at least two private groups, which monitors the activities of extremist and hate groups, said Page was on their monitoring list and came out with details on the alleged shooter, while the FBI - the national agencies entrusted with such a task - saying that the lone gunman was not on its radar.\"Law enforcement is challenged every day to balance the civil liberties of US citizens against the need to investigate activities of possible criminal conduct.\"No matter how offensive to some, we are keenly aware that expressing views by itself is not a crime,\" FBI spokesman Paul Bresson said.However, Anti-Defamation League and South Poverty Law Center was on their tracking radar for quite some time.\"When we know that an extremist is talking about taking violent action, we will definitely share that information with the Justice Department but there was no reason to believe he was going to take this kind of action,\" Marilyn Mayo, co-director of the Anti-Defamation League's Center on Extremism, was quoted as saying by the Sacramento Bee.Meanwhile, South Poverty Law Center (SPLC) said \"right-wing extremism\" proponents have commended the actions of Page.\"You don't belong here in the country my ancestors fought to found, and deeded to me and mine, their posterity,\" wrote Alex Linder, the foul-mouthed neo-Nazi who operates the racist website Vanguard News Network (VNN), on his forum , SPLC reported.SPLC, which monitors such websites and hate groups, said that others on VNN made similar remarks stating that Page was not alone.\"(T)here are thousands of other angry White men like Page out there, the vast majority of them unknown,\" a commenter named OTPTT wrote.\"When will they, like Page, reach their breaking point, where they give up all hope for peaceful activism, and reach for their guns and start shooting at the first non-Whites they see?\" the commenter wrote.Larry Loper, head of the Pennsylvania chapter of the Hammerskins, a violent skinhead group, paid tribute to his fallen \"brother\" on Facebook.\"I really don't feel to disagree or agree what Wade did,\" Loper wrote.\"All I feel is loss and sympathy for a brother that was overwhelmed by pain and frustration. I could care less though for those injured and wounded other than Wade,\" he wrote according to SLPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15398545", "title": "Mysore City Corporation gears up for 150th anniversary", "text": "MYSORE: The 150th anniversary of the Mysore City Corporation (MCC) will be celebrated in a grand manner. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar will inaugurate the formal function to mark the occasion on August 27. There will be year-long celebrations, said district in-charge minister S A Ramdas at a meeting held at MCC Council Hall on Tuesday.A meeting will be held next week to decide on the events, he added. MLA Tanveer Sait said various programmes should be held in all the 65 wards for 150 days. Corporation member K V Mallesh suggested completing all the pending development works to mark the occasion.Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath said an exhibition featuring the growth of the MCC must be held.There are plans to hold programmes throughout the year or till Dasara. It will be decided in another meeting which is scheduled next week. The decade-old corporation building will get a makeover ahead of the celebrations. Work on painting and decorating the building has already begun. The building will be ready in a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396200", "title": "Bapu in new light, thanks to homecoming of Kallenbach papers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finally, the much-awaited Kallenbach papers are in National Archives and what they contain \u2014 in thousands of letters and documents \u2014 could alter Gandhiana and set forth a new wave of scholarship on the Father of the Nation.The archive is not limited to letters between Gandhi and Hermann Kallenbach, his German-Jewish friend from South Africa , but is a treasure-trove highlighting many more facets of Mahatma, of people around him, frustration of his son, probably Harilal, with Gandhi blaming him for failure in examination as well as his rants about life to him. \"...Father is becoming more and more awful. It would not be strange if a time may come one of these days when either of those who are living with Father might have to go or he might leave us all but being able to stand our life...\" At another place, Gandhi associate C F Andrews wrote to Kallenbach about his failure in turning Harilal sober: \"...I tried very hard to help poor Harilal who came to me in Lahore . But I am afraid I have failed. He made me a solemn promise that he would not drink liquor again but up to now I have not heard of his return to Wardha.\"There is also a hint that Kallenbach was making Gandhi aware of condition of the Jews and Zionism: \"...your Nehru's messages have augmented my people's hope that world's leading men will awaken nations conscience against outrageous treatment Jews and assist securing refuge home Palestine .\"Letters of Gandhi (signed at one place as Senate and at others as Upper House) to Kallenbach (Lower House) relate to interpretation of the latter's dreams, about Kasturba Gandhi, of time spent together and his invitation to the German-Jewish friend to visit him in India. Advising Kallenbach on his dreams, Gandhi wrote, \"...Just now your mind being in a ferment these dreams come to warn you of the secret enemy who may attack you without notice and when you are least prepared to meet him...\" Talking about his relationship with Kasturba, Gandhi said, \"I no longer want to be angry with her so she is sweet. She has been working regularly at the Press for one hour. She folds Tolstoy's letter. What a privilege for her...\" Kallenbach's niece Hanna's frustration with Gandhi's experiments with Brahmacharya during her visit to Sevagram in 1938 also comes out in the archive as she was not allowed to massage his feet. She also wrote to Kallenbach quoting Pyarelal that \"almost every one at the Ashram surrounding Bapu was a pathological case and Bapu deserved better...\"Preparing to leave for India, Gandhi had started adapting Indian mannerism. He wrote to Kallenbach: \"I do all my writing squatting on the ground and eat invariably with my fingers. I don't want to look awkward in India...\" Once in India, he would invite Kallenbach: \"...I wish that you could come here, if only to have a look at the Ashram and let me have a look at you. And of course if you can ever make up your mind to throw in your lot with me again, there is always a corner for you...\" After coming to know that Kallenbach was staying behind, Gopal Krishna Gokhale wrote to him supporting passive resistance campaign and regretting the two would be separated. \"...for I could realize, as few men and women could what a dreadful wrench it must have been to you both to be separated from each other,\" Gokhale wrote from Pune on January 22, 1915.Gandhi's close aide Mahadev Desai would also plead Kallenbach in 1922 to come to India: \"...There are many coworkers here ...but...who so much understands Bapu as you, whose existence is so much merged in Bapu's as once was yours.\" When Kallenbach died in 1945, third son Ramdas Gandhi wrote to his niece Hanna: \"I can't help feeling that Bapu is lonely today without dear souls like Ba and uncle (Kallenbach).\"Youngest son Devdas' shock at his father being branded a Hindu nationalist said, \"...Bapu is a shrewd partisan Hindu whose ultimate aim is to establish a Hindu raj. Such propaganda has its affect on the Muslim masses. You can imagine how this must shock Bapu...\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15398697", "title": "Citizens' body to move SC over tiger tourism ban", "text": "JORHAT: The Kaziranga Suraksha Samiti, an organization of people residing near the national park, has decided to appeal in the Supreme Court to spare Kaziranga from the recent ban on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves across the country.The forum, along with All Assam Students' Union, Asom Jatiyatabadi Yuba Chatra Parishad, Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti, Kaziranga Jeep Safari Santha and Kaziranga Bazzar Samiti, will file the appeal in the apex court before August 22. Representatives of these organizations also met chief minister Tarun Gogoi in Guwahati on Monday and sought his intervention in the matter.Khanjan Nath, president of the citizens' body, said, \"After witnessing some steps from various organizations and individuals from other states against the SC verdict to ban tourism in core areas of tiger reserves, we met the chief minister in Guwahati and requested him to take steps. We want the Assam government to intervene in the matter and take steps to exclude Kaziranga from the ban order. But the CM didn't seem interested enough to do something from his part. So, we have decided to go to Supreme Court before the apex court passed the order finally.''He added, \"We opposed the government's move to include some fringe areas of the national park where thousands of people belonging to the Mishing tribes are residing. We also demanded to the government to hold a public hearing before finalize the core area of tiger reserve in Kaziranga. But, it has not been addressed so far.''Mohan Bora, another leader of the organization, said, \"There is no violation of tiger conservation methods in Kaziranga and all are almost well here. So, we think, the Supreme Court may be pleased to exclude this park from implementation of it's order for the greater interest of the people living here.''The Supreme Court imposed a countrywide ban on tourism in the core areas of tiger reserves. The apex court observed that the core area is considered a place where tigers live without human interference. But in various tiger reserves across the country, not just humans, vehicles are also allowed for revenue generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15398987", "title": "More CCTVs and guards to watch out for pedestrians", "text": "MUMBAI: Jolted by two suicides from the Bandra-Worli Sea Link in a week, MSRDC is considering beefing up security at the bridge's Worli entrance to keep an eye on the thousands of walkers on the promenade.Officials admitted that the successive tragedies are a cause for worry and that they must prompt corrective steps. To this effect, they will add three or four more CCTV cameras to the sea link's existing count of six. Also, they will post more guards at the bridge's Worli mouth to prevent people from entering it on foot. Since last week, two men, including Raj Travels founder Lalit Sheth, have committed suicide by leaping off the sea link.To prevent pedestrians from going onto the sea link, MSRDC may also install mechanized barriers a little way in from the Worli side. At the Worli entrance is a traffic signal that allows walkers to cross the bridge's mouth. If, and when, the barriers are installed, they will automatically come up as the signal turns green for pedestrians so that they can only walk straight and not enter the sea link.\"Merely posting security guards may not be enough. A guard was present when a man took his life on Monday; the guard even ran behind the man to save him,\" said an official involved in maintaining and monitoring the sea link.Officials said a subway, or alternatively a footbridge, for pedestrians was proposed at the Worli end of the sea link, but the idea was turned down by the ministry of environment and forests.\"People sneak onto the link mostly from the Worli side; the Bandra end has the toll plaza, which prevents intrusions,\" said an MSRDC official. He admitted a plan was drawn up years ago to secure the bridge by purchasing speedboats and positioning bike patrols as well as lifeguards, but it was never implemented because they did not \"have the expertise\" .Sources in Mumbai Entry Point, which collects sea link toll on behalf of MSRDC, said there is no clarity as yet on what measures may be adopted to secure the bridge, especially given that it has quite a few unwatched access points. Additional commissioner of police (traffic) Brijesh Singh said no plan has been put forth so far by MSRDC regarding regulating pedestrian traffic. \"We will examine it once it comes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15397242", "title": "Verka milk dearer by Re 1 in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: State cooperative Milkfed has decided to raise retail prices of Verka brand milk by Re 1 per litre in Punjab, Haryana and Himachal Pradesh from Thursday.Milkfed has decided to raise retail milk price by Re 1 a litre of three variants, including single toned, double toned and standard, managing director B S Sidhu said.After the hike, standard variety would cost Rs 33 a litre, single toned Rs 30 a litre and double-toned milk Rs 27 a litre in Punjab.The price of full-cream milk, however, remains the same at Rs 36 a litre in Punjab.Punjab State Cooperative Milk Producers' Federation (Milkfed) also announced raising milk procurement price by Rs 20 per kg fat from August 11 for two months in order to give relief from increase in cattle feed cost.About 6,000 dairy farmers from Punjab on August 3 had threatened to stop milk supply to Milkfed if milk procurement price for farmers is not hiked. They rued that 35% hike in cattle feed cost in the last one month was threatening the viability of dairy business.\"We have decided to give relief to dairy farmers in view of the increase in cattle feed cost. We will raise milk procurement rate by Rs 20 per kg fat,\" Sidhu said.He further said the new rate will be applicable for two months.However, farmers under the banner of Progressive Dairy Farmers Association (PDFA) were demanding Rs 485 per kg fat as milk procurement rate against Rs 405 per kg fat which they are getting at present. Milkfed raised milk procurement rate from Rs 395 per kg fat to Rs 405 in September last year.PDFA contribute about 35 per cent in total milk procurement by Milkfed.Milkfed is currently procuring total of 8 lakh litres per day. The association had rued that because of drought-like conditions prevailing in the region, the cattle feed and fodder cost have gone by up to 35 per cent in the last one month, making extremely difficult to even pay loan installments.Prices of deoiled rice bran jumped from Rs 700 per quintal in June to Rs 1,050 a quintal while price of mustard cake shot up from 1,500 per quintal to Rs 2,100 a quintal. Similarly, cost of deoiled mustard cake and soybean jumped to Rs 1,800 and 4,200 per quintal in just one month, farmers had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15398352", "title": "Techie, wife and doctor held for attacking police", "text": "BANGALORE: A techie, his wife and a woman doctor were arrested for attacking a woman police officer, who questioned them after they were found drinking in the open. This happened near Mount Carmel College on Palace Road in the wee hours of Tuesday.DCP (central) BR Ravikanthe Gowda told TOI that four women and two men were found drinking and creating a ruckus on Palace Road around 3.15am. The revellers had kept beer and vodka bottles on the bonnet of their car, KA-04-MF-7161, that carried a 'Press' sticker.When constable Mukundaiah, patrolling the area on his Cheetah bike, asked them to go home, he was abused and told to buzz off, police said. The constable then alerted his superior, sub-inspector Shobha, over phone. When Shobha reached the spot, the group abused her. A woman reveller held the officer and shouted at her. Another woman started heckling her and even beat her up, police added.One of the men, identified as Satish Puranik, a software engineer with a company based in Manipal Centre on Dickenson Road, also abused the sub-inspector, cops said. The six revellers were brought to High Grounds police station and later made to undergo medical examination at Bowring Hospital to check if the alcohol levels.Three of the six were arrested for manhandling, abusing and obstructing a public servant from performing her duty. Satish Puranik, resident of Embassy Habitat, Palace Road, his wife Vandana and Dr Pajaka Mahendar, employed with a top cardiac hospital and resident of II Cross, Horamavu Main Road, Banaswadi, were booked under Sections 353, 504, 506 read with 34 of IPC. Produced before a court, they were remanded in judicial custody till August 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15398396", "title": "Doctors get their house in order", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: At a time when the civic authorities and residents are struggling to tackle the city's garbage crisis, around 2,000 doctors in the district have joined hands to initiate a unique garbage management movement termed Clean Home Environment Scheme (CHES).The doctors, registered under the district unit of the Indian Medical Association (IMA), have decided to become role models for the citizens by setting up biogas plants in their households. The work for setting up plants in 100 households has already begun. \"The Suchitwa Mission that backs the project will provide subsidies for setting up the plants,\" said IMA district president Dr Sreejith N Kumar.\"It is not just biogas plants that we are aiming at. We have chalked out an extensive plan for the disposal of biological, plastic and hazardous wastes,\" said Sreejith.\"The first phase of the project will involve the setting up of the biogas plants. In the second phase, we plan to collect plastic waste from households and hand them over to the corporation. If the corporation is unwilling to accept them, then the help of private players will be sought,\" said Sreejith. In the third phase, waste like sanitary napkins, cotton, clothes, diapers, etc will be collected and disposed at the IMAGE (common bio-medical waste treatment and disposal facility) centre of IMA.The biogas plants being set up are of 4kg or 6kg capacity. A system of internal circulation of wastes among the houses of doctors is also being planned.According to this, if a doctor has a high-capacity plant at his house and the waste generated at his home is not considerable, then the waste from homes of other doctors in the neighbourhood can be send to that plant for processing.The project is being executed with the support of the state government and the IMA had already held talks with urban affairs minister Manjalamkuzhi Ali and Suchitwa Mission officials. \"We are thankful to the Suchitwa Mission for providing 50% subsidy for setting up the plants,\" said IMA district coordinator Dr N Sulphi.The district unit of the IMA aims at completing the three phases of CHES within three months.The IMA is also planning to conduct waste management campaigns in the district starting from Monday. Special awareness programmes will also be organized for paramedics and hospital staff to educate them on dealing with the bio-medical wastes, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15396822", "title": "Traces of 65 million-year-old river found in Dhar", "text": "INDORE: A group of palaeontologists claimed to have found traces of an extinct 'paleo-river' dating back to around 65 millions years old in the Dhar district of Madhya Pradesh .The discovery of the extinct river which flows in the direction same as Narmada and barely 10 km away from the existing Narmada river is expected to throw light on the origin of one of the oldest and most revered rivers of the country 'Narmada.'Palaeontologist Vishal Verma, who had earlier discovered large number of dinosaur fossils belonging to three different generations in the region, said that recently they had found fossils of shark in the region and they were on a survey of region when they stumbled upon the fossilized traces of extinct river in ballistic mines.\"Till now, we have found the traces of sea and lake in the region, but there is no historical or scientific explanation about the origin of Narmada river. The latest discovery of extinct river is the first trace of a river with characteristics similar to Narmada,\" said Vishal Verma adding that during their exploration they had come across circular formation of marine sediments or coralline in the basaltic mine which reveals that marine sediments were cut into circular formation due to very high flow of river water.He further said that marine sediments were used to form around 86 millions years old.Talking about the age of river, Verma said that fossilized evidence suggests that geological activites may have led to covering of river under the basaltic lava. The current course of Narmada is about 10 km from the site of paleo river, parallel to it.\"The eruption of ballistic lava took place around 65 millions years ago, and the river might have become extinct then,\" said Verma.Narmada valley is considered to be the one of the richest fossil belts in the world. Till now researchers have found fossils of dinosaurs, ostrich, shark, hippopotamus, stegodon and predecessors of homosapiens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396062", "title": "Uttarakhand CM Bahuguna meets PM, seeks funds for flood relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna on Tuesday led a delegation to the prime minister, seeking funds for relief work in Uttarkashi hit by flash foods and landslides due to heavy rains.Bahuguna's delegation, comprising MPs from the state and Union minister Harish Rawat, visited PM Manmohan Singh even as Congress president Sonia Gandhi too spoke to him and sought adequate relief for the victims.Sonia also shot off a letter to Bahuguna, asking him to keep her apprised of the relief work undertaken there.She said, \"The natural calamity that has struck Uttarkashi due to flash floods and landslides is a human tragedy.\" She expressed hope that the state government would take quick steps to tide over the problem and provide relief.She added, \"Our effort is that the Centre should soon provide adequate support... Please also keep me posted about the steps being taken to provide relief and assistance.\"Around 20,000 people have been affected and around 30 persons killed in the flash floods in the state during last few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15398522", "title": "Dabolim DLF project in forest area, govt tells high court", "text": "PANAJI: The forest department on Tuesday filed its survey report before the high court of Bombay at Goa stating that plots allegedly cleared for a DLF housing project coming up at Dabolim fall within the criteria of private forest.According to the report, of the plot area of 7.73 hectares, only 0.65 hectares do not meet the criteria of deemed forest. Of the remaining 7.079 hectares, tree felling permission was given for two hectares. \"On verification of tree felling list and on considering the area along with remaining portion of DLF's property, it can be concluded that the area meets the criteria of private forest,\" the report says.The report was filed in a petition filed by Goa Foundation and one Edwin Mascarenhas, challenging the project being developed by Saravati Builders and Constructions and Anand Builder and alleged that the project area consists of a forest area, which had been demarcated as no development area under the draft regional plan.The plea alleged that the implementation of the project requires cutting of a large number of trees on a steeply sloping terrain in ecologically sensitive areas.The high court had on April 10, 2012, directed the forest department to survey the project area within 8 weeks and ascertain whether the area can be classified as a forest area.On April 27, 2010, the high court had directed the developers not to carry out further construction until the Union ministry of environment and forests decided on clearances granted to the project. The court had ordered the individual owners of around 43 plots in the project to maintain a status quo.The developers had replied that they had obtained the requisite approvals and the plots had been sub-divided in 2007. They also informed the court that several plots had been already sold and third party rights created.The court will next hear the petition on September 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15397693", "title": "CM requests Azad for more health aid", "text": "RANCHI: A delegation, led by chief minister Arjun Munda and state health minister Hemlal Murmu , met Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in Delhi on Tuesday and requested him to include the state in the Centre's list for setting up regional All India Institute of Medical Sciences ( AIIMS).Munda explained to Azad the condition of health service in the state and the need of central assistance.\"We informed the Union minister about the situation here, the inaccessible terrains and Maoist problems and why we need to improve the situation,\" said Munda after a half-an-hour meeting with the Union minister.Sources present at the meeting said the state also requested Azad to continue with the 85% central assistance to the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and other projects. The Centre has decided to provide only 75% assistance from the current fiscal for NRHM.\"We requested that the Centre should provide us 85% assistance as before or we will not be able to handle the huge expenditure,\" said the source.The delegation also demanded assistance to upgrade the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), the biggest medical college and hospital in the state. Most of the departments in the hospital are managing day-to-day affairs with old equipment.Officials said the Union minister was very positive and assured that he would visit Jharkhand with senior officers and discuss the problems faced by the state.\"The Union minister will be visiting Jharkhand in a couple of months' time and after a ground level assessment, he will provide assistance to help improve the health care system,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "15396668", "title": "Row forces Pakistan to postpone Ajmer dargah dole", "text": "AJMER: Pakistan finally made a move on the much-delayed Rs 5.5 crore ($1 million) donation to the Ajmer dargah by President Asif Ali Zardari , only to run into a controversy regarding the real beneficiaries of the amount.The two main bodies of the Ajmer Shrine\u2014Anjuman Syed Zadgan (an elected body of Khadims) and the Dargah Committee (constituted by government of India)\u2014both claim to be the real beneficiary of the promised amount.The controversy has forced Pakistani officials to postpone the ceremony to August 16. However, commission officials said they had done so in order to invite Muslim MP's and Muslim MLA's of Rajasthan to join the ceremony.The differences emerged during the visit of an official from the Pakistan high commission \u2014 councilor Abrar Ahmed\u2014in Ajmer on Monday, to discuss the division of money in a ceremony on August 9. However, the Anjuman rejected outright the idea of splitting the amount and claimed to hold the right to receive the entire nazrana (donation) announced by devotees inside the Astane-Aaliya (crypt).\"Sufi tradition says only Khadim (priest) and Anjuman have the sole right to claim the offering announced inside the sanctum sanctorum,\" said Syed Wahid Hussein Angara, secretary of Anjuman and hereditary Khadim, who refused to give bank account details to Pakistan official till the latter cleared their position on beneficiary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15398333", "title": "BSY, DVS back to trading blows", "text": "BANGALORE: There are no permanent enemies and friends in politics, and it was proved yet again. Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa hit back at his successor DV Sadananda Gowda for endorsing party leader LK Advani's recent observation about BJP bungling in Karnataka.Yeddyurappa and Gowda had watched a movie together on Friendship Day, a departure from their constant bickering. The duo had said they were friends not only on Friendship Day but all 365 days. But two days later, Yeddyurappa took on Gowda: \"He should come out in the open and talk about corruption, if any, during my tenure as CM.'' Endorsing Advani's blog comments on BJP bungling in Karnataka, Gowda had said there were no instances of corruption during his tenure as CM and he had ensured clean governance.Yeddyurappa said such statements give a wrong message to Advani. \"I'd like to tell Gowda that Advani had appreciated my work as a chief minister but now the opinion has changed,\" he said. Yeddyurappa said he'll personally meet Advani and Gowda and clear the air.BSY LIVID ABOUT JUNKETS Yeddyurappa is livid with the decision of MLAs to go ahead with their overseas study tour, notwithstanding his warning. Giving a piece of his mind to those keen on travelling abroad, he demanded that chief minister Jagadish Shettar stop the tour in view of severe drought in large parts of the state.\"Legislators should desist from undertaking study tours to foreign countries when the state is reeling under severe drought.Their absence will hit drought relief works since they are ex-officio chairmen of the taluk-level task force that oversees the works,\" he said.Members of five legislature committees numbering around 20 each, accompanied by 15 officials, plan to go on a study tour to Russia, South America and Scandinavian countries during September and October at a cost of Rs 8 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15396831", "title": "Two BSF jawans injured as grenade explodes during practice session", "text": "JODHPUR: Two Border Security Force (BSF) personnel were injured when a hand grenade exploded before time at the force's firing range in Daijar, some 25 km from Jodhpur on Tuesday. The two were immediately rushed to the hospital, where the condition of one of them is stated to be serious.According to SHO, Mandor, Kamal Singh, the incident took place during a during a routine practice of throwing hand-grenades.A new recruit, Rajesh Kumar, threw a grenade in the air but it exploded before time, injuring him and instructor Ved Pal Singh, a head constable. \"A hand grenade explodes in 4 seconds generally but this grenade exploded before that,\" he said. Ved Pal Singh, who was standing beside Rajesh to guide him, has sustained serious injuries on his hand, cheeks and head etc. Singh said that both of them were rushed to the MG Hospital where Rajesh has been stated out of danger whereas Ved Pal Singh has been shifted to a private hospital.BSF has initiated an inquiry into the matter, which is a rare incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15397073", "title": "Farmers to protest NHAI's toll plaza plan", "text": "COIMBATORE: A massive protest will be held in Gandhipuram on Saturday under the initiative of Tamizhaka Vivasayikal Sanghom to protest the move of the National Highways Authority of India to set up a toll plaza in Coimbatore-Mettupalayam Main Road. Coimbatore MP P R Natarajan will inaugurate the protest in which hundreds of farmers are expected to take part.Talking to TOI here, Sanghom president M R Sivasami said the extended Neelambur Bypass Road requires about Rs 1,500 crore and there would be least chances of collecting the amount by installing toll plaza there. The bypass is being made at a length of 60 km ignoring an alternative proposal from the sanghom to reduce the length by at least 50%. Coimbatore-Mettupalayam Road has heavy flow of vehicles especially those bound for Ooty and the toll plaza would be a means of exploiting both locals and tourists, said Sivasami\"The bypass in the present form from Kangayapalayam to Mettupalayam through fertile agricultural land and the new toll plaza in Mettupalayam Road are in fact a challenge to the right to exist of the local people. Both are benefitting corporate and real estate mafia and that would reduce both greenery and agricultural production of the district apart from causing difficulty to travelling people,'' he said.Sivasamy said he has an alternate plan, which would reduce the distance by 30 km and needs even less land. The state government in consultation with the NHAI had recently announced that the tender for Neelambur Bypass Road will be released soon and work completed in two years. The bypass would begin from Kangeyampalayam, pass through Neelambur and Saravanampatty before joining Mettupalayam.\"The length of the proposed bypass is 60 km. The existing Coimbatore-Mettupalayam Road is just 39 km. Then what is the guarantee that the vehicles would use the bypass. It is a road for land mafias,'' alleged Sivasamy.\"The NHAI will have to depend on private players to get funds for the new bypass road. Car drivers should pay Rs 70 and lorry drivers should pay Rs 140 at the toll plaza. The alternative road we are suggesting would be more economical and beneficial to the district. That can avoid collecting toll from passengers,'' said Sivasamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396236", "title": "Man acquitted in 1993 blasts held for chain snatchings", "text": "MUMBAI: A history-sheeter, acquitted in a 1993 blasts case, was arrested for committing a spate of chain-snatchings in the city.Police on Sunday arrested Salim Khan alias Salim Ambavade (47) and his aide Taufiq Ansari (35) from Dongri for snatching a gold chain of former assistant commissioner of police Sunil Pednekar's daughter Bhavna Chorge.On June 5, when Chorge was walking on a road near Hindmata in Dadar, the two bike-borne accused snatched her gold chain. \"The accused have a criminal past and had been arrested earlier,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Bhoiwada division) RB Poman.\"The two confessed to have snatched Chorge's chain. Khan was unable to give an exact number of snatchings committed by him, and buys alcohol with the stolen booty,\" said assistant inspector Popat Awhad. Khan claimed that he was acquitted in a 1993 blasts case while his brother Akbar khan alias Akbar Lala had been convicted after being found guilty of landing the RDX and sophisticated weapons at Dighi beach in Raigad for the explosions. In 2001, Lala was killed by Chhota Rajan's men.While Khan is in Bhoiwada police's custody, the VP Road police has applied for his custody. \"Khan committed the snatchings under the influence of alcohol,\" said Awhad.The Bhoiwada police on Sunday arrested a person acquitted in the 1993 blast allegedly for committing several chain-snatchings over a period of time in the city. Acting on a tip-off, the police arrested Salim Khan alias Salim Ambavade (47) and his accomplice Taufiq Ansari (35) from Dongri for snatching away the gold chain of former assistant commissioner of police Sunil Pednekar's daughter Bhavna Chorge.Police said the incident occurred on June 5 when Chorge was walking on the roadside at Hindmata in Dadar when Khan and his accomplice Ansari came on a motorcycle and snatched away the gold chain. \"The arrested accused have a criminal past and police were searching for them for the last several months. They were arrested in the past and committed the offence after their release from jail,\" said assistant commissioner of police (Bhoiwada division) RB Poman.\"The two accused confessed of snatching Chorge's chain at Hindmata on June 5. Though Khan accepted the offences he has committed with his accomplice but was unable to give a precise number of snatchings he has committed in the city. He gambles and buys alcohol with the stolen booty,\" said assistant inspector Popat Awhad.He said Khan claimed that he was acquitted in the 1993 Bomb blast case while his brother Akbar khan alias Akbar Lala was convicted after he was found guilty in landing the RDX and sophisticated weapons at Dighi beach in Raigad district for the 1993 blast. Lala was later was killed by the Chotta Rajan aides in 2001.Meanwhile the VP Road police had applied in the court to get Khan's custody after he finishes his custody with the Bhoiwada police. \"Khan committed the snatchings under the influence of alcohol,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397900", "title": "No telephone or internet for 400 Ramdaspeth residents!", "text": "NAGPUR: The residents of Ramdaspeth are living without BSNL telephone and internet services since the last 10 days. Over 400 BSNL telephone connections in the area have been dead since July 30.Residents said BSNL authorities have turned a deaf ear to their complaints and no action has been taken. Kaustav Chatterjee, who runs a private firm off East High Court Road, said that their business has been adversely affected due to the non-functioning telephones and internet. \"When clients try to call us, they can hear a ring and wonder why we aren't taking their calls. Some of our business associates even called on our personal mobile numbers to enquire whether we have shifted offices,\" said Chatterjee.He also said that in spite of running pillar to post in the BSNL office at Ramdaspeth, no official was ready to pay attention. \"We did not receive any concrete answer from officials regarding restoration of telephone lines. They tell us a new story every time. Sometimes they say the cable has been stolen and other times they blame the rainfall for halting the work,\" complained Chatterjee.Another BSNL consumer Vishnudev Yadav too visited the company's office around five to six times, but all in vain. \"The attitude of BSNL personnel towards us is disgusting; no one is ready to take our complaint seriously,\" said Yadav.When TOI contacted the official in charge of Ramdaspeth exchange, he passed the buck to the cable contactor company, saying that the repair work is in progress. \"The cable got damaged during construction of a wall by Nagpur Municipal Corporation. We have given the order to SD cable company and they are working on it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15398456", "title": "Strict actions should be taken against outfits", "text": "Threats of this kind are an unpleasant surprise anywhere, but even more so in a city like Ranchi which has long had a cosmopolitan culture. The government should not take such threats lightly, because they do tend to intimidate people even if those issuing the threat are only a fringe group. Outfits that take it upon themselves to do 'moral policing' must be dealt with firmly by the state. Firm action by the government at this stage can nip the menace in the bud. Any laxity shown in this respect is likely to encourage not just this group but other potential vigilantes.Related story  :  Posters warn girls of acid attacks if seen in jeans in Ranchi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15398485", "title": "House passes supplementary budget", "text": "PATNA: The state legislative assembly on Tuesday passed the first supplementary budget and appropriation bill amounting to Rs 9,672 crore for the financial year 2012-13.While presenting the appropriation bill in the House, deputy CM and finance minister Sushil Kumar Modi said of Rs 9,672 crore, a sum of Rs 1,000 crore would be meant for providing loan to the food and civil supplies corporation so that minimum support price to farmers could be ensured. Besides, Rs 800 crore would be meant for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Rs 80 crore for goatry and Rs 58 crore for poultry development schemes.Earlier, giving reply to the debate on the first supplementary budgetary demand of Rs 1,633 crore for his department, education minister P K Shahi said the opposition had made a hue and cry about the setting up of a centre of Aligarh Muslim University in Kishanganj. The state government, on its part, has acquired land for the purpose about 9 months back and even the AMU vice-chancellor has given his nod to location of the land, but the Centre was silent over the issue of opening the varsity's centre.He said government has done a good job by setting up four B. Ed colleges and 53 training institutes in the state within a short span of time. A sum of Rs 100 crore has been earmarked for land acquisition in Motihari for the setting up of a central university.Rejecting the cut motion moved by Awadhesh Rai, the House passed the supplementary budget and later appropriation bill by voice vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396141", "title": "Male DNA found on Aarushi Talwar's pillow cover", "text": "NEW DELHI: Continuing his testimony in a Ghaziabad court in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder, CFSL expert P K Mahapatra on Tuesday produced 13 more forensic samples, including a pillow cover. Interestingly, this time he claimed that male DNA was found in the bloodstains on this pillow cover found in Aarushi's room.During the last hearing, some other pillows from Aarushi's room had been produced but it was claimed that there was only female DNA on them. Mahapatra also claimed there were bloodstains on both the door and walls of Aarushi's room and both had male DNA.The presence of male DNA, say observers, may favour the CBI since it can be cited to back the agency's claim in the closure report that Rajesh Talwar and Nupur had killed Hemraj in Aarushi's room and dragged the body to the terrace.Mahapatra claimed that bloodstains were found on the wall and terrace of the house but DNA could not be generated from the sample taken from the terrace. He added that female DNA was found in the samples, including clothes taken from Hemraj's room, CBI prosecutor R K Saini told reporters.Meanwhile, Talwars' counsel filed an application asking for access to correspondence and directions given to Mahapatra by CBI. \"On various occasions, Mahapatra refers to directions issued by the SP(CBI). There is also correspondence between CBI and CFSL, as well as CFSL and CDFD, that are talked about. We should have access to this before counter-examination....\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15396669", "title": "Hazare has right to form political party: Shivraj Singh Chouhan", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Tuesday said that Anna Hazare has the right to form a political party.\"Every individual, including Anna Hazare, has the right to form a political party in a democracy,\" Chouhan told reporters at the airport when asked to comment on Team Anna's recent announcement to form a political outfit.On Hazare's reported statement that an individual needs at least Rs 15-20 crore to contest a Lok Sabha poll, Chouhan said it was not necessary for him to make a remark on all the issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15397722", "title": "Anti-encroachment drive in Kakadeo", "text": "KANPUR: The civic authorities conducted an anti-encroachment drive in Kakadeo on Tuesday.The drive began from L-block. Illegal structures were removed from the Muslim graveyard and nearby lanes.Four JCB machines demolished as many as 80 temporary and permanent structures.The KMC squad was accompanied by police and Kendriya Pravartan Dal.As many as 14 grills and tin sheds protruding outside the houses were demolished. Thirteen temporary shops and 12 tin shops were also razed. Fifteen wooden sheds and seven shanty shops were removed.The locals and the shopkeepers tried to offer resistance. The presence of police prevented the situation from getting ugly.The KMC officials gave notices to the residents who have erected grills that were extended till footpaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397872", "title": "Education minister to address Right To Education convention in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: State school education minister Rajendra Darda will be addressing a major convention in the city on Right To Education (RTE) this Friday. Collectors, zilla parishad CEOs and education officials from the six districts of Nagpur division will be present for the meeting, which will also discuss other issues related to education on the agenda.Nagpur ZP CEO Amit Saini said, \"The basic purpose of this convention will be to sensitize government officials about RTE and other related issues. The deputy director of education is organizing the event and it will help everyone be on the same page when it comes to policy implementation.\"The other important discussion during the convention will be on restructuring of primary, middle and high school pattern, to be introduced in the state in the future. The single-day convention is being viewed as an important one, considering the way officials stumbled while implementing RTE this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396437", "title": "Woman rescued from west Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 30-year old woman, allegedly kidnapped from Darjeeling, was rescued from a village in Dwarka on Tuesday. The kidnappers had lured the woman with the promise of a good job but confined her in a house once she reached Delhi, CBI sources said. They also took her phone away.Later, the kidnappers demanded Rs 10,000 from the woman's family as ransom. The family then contacted a non-governmental organization that moved the newly created anti-human trafficking cell of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI).Based on the NGO's complaint, a CBI team tracked the location of the alleged kidnappers through their phone. CBI officials then carried out searches at the village near Dwarka and found the woman, sources said. The team refused to give further details as investigations are continuing and CBI is looking for the alleged kidnappers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15396725", "title": "Dams overflowing in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: With heavy rains continuing to lash many parts of Madhya Pradesh , 20 sluice gates of country's biggest dam- Indira Sagar, besides 23 doors of Omkareshwar reservoir - both situated in Khandwa district - were opened on Tuesday.\"We started opening the gates of Indira Sagar dam in Punasa last evening. Now 25,000 cubic metre per second (CUMEC) water is gushing out of the reservoir,\" an NHDC official said. \"We are operating only 2 units of 125 Mega Watt (mw) each to generate power from Indira Sagar project,\" he said. \"It is not proper to run units during the release of water from the project, having an installed capacity to generate 1000 mw,\" he added.Similarly, 27,000 CUMEC water is being released from Omkareshwar dam. Right now no power is being generate from Omkareshwar project having an installed capacity to generate 520 mw.The water level in Indira Sagar dam was around 259.80 metres in the evening. The full reservoir level (FRL) of this dam is 262.13 metre, but it can be filled to 260 metres following a court order, NHDC officials said.Likewise, the FRL of Omkareshwar is 196 metres but the court has granted permission for filling it to 191 metre, officials said.NHDC, a joint venture of NHPC and MP government, had commissioned the two projects supplying power exclusively to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15398548", "title": "Move on traffic curbs irks vendors", "text": "MYSORE: The district administration's move to ban traffic in the heart of the city during weekends has invited the wrath of Devaraja Market Tenants' Association members. The move is aimed at bringing down traffic congestion on the city's thoroughfares especially during weekends. Association president S Mahadev termed the plan to restrict the movement of vehicles other than bicycles and tongas \"unscientific\" as all the prominent roads like Sayyaji Rao Road, Irwin Road, Ashoka Road, JLB road and Devaraj Urs Road are interlinked.Apart from causing inconvenience to tourists, the ban may affect poor patients who have to use Sayyaji Rao Road to reach Krishna Rajendra Hospital.The business of traders at Devaraja market may also be hit, he said. He also wondered when no such regulation exists in cities like Bangalore, what is the need to introduce it in Mysore which has only 10 lakh population. Members of Mandi Market Tenants Association, Sayyaji Rao Road Shop Owners and Tenants Association and Devaraja Urs Road Shop Owners and Tenants Association on Tuesday submitted a memorandum to the deputy commissioner expressing their resentment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397687", "title": "Nagpur University starts career counselling cell for students", "text": "NAGPUR: Universities may be providing students knowledge but not all prepare them to face the competitive world later. Nagpur University has now decided to do something about it. It has started a 'career counselling cell' which would prepare the students to fare well in competitive world.The cell, set up in collaboration with University Grants Commission (UGC), was formally announced in March this year. It was kicked off with a three-day session for seven science departments on Tuesday. First session was held at physics department for students of physics, chemistry, mathematics and statistics. The other session for zoology, botany and electronics students is being held in the botany department.Sanjay Dhoble, associate professor of physics and the cell coordinator, told TOI that the three-day counselling sessions would equip students in skills right from preparing biodata to facing interviews. It would also inform them about different fields and jobs they can apply for after completing studies. \"Our students are not even aware of the prospects and fields open to them. They have not heard of magazines like Current Science that carry job advertisements. They also lack communication skills. We are holding the counselling sessions at the beginning of the term to give them enough opportunity to build their personality,\" he said.Sanjay Raghatate from Oxford Speakers Academy, who is also guiding the students, said he would be preparing them in interpersonal communication, group discussion for national and international jobs, ego-change and management, manners and etiquettes. \"We need to prepare the students not just in cerebral skills but also the salability of the personality. We would ensure they have enough confidence to carry themselves well before the interviewing committee and peers attending the interview,\" he said.K C Deshmukh, dean of science faculty, S V Moharil, head of physics department, Prof Anil Hirekhan, deputy registrar development, K S Bharti, director internal quality assurance, Alka Chaturvedi, head of botany department, K H Makde, former head of botany department, T Srinavsu and N N Makde were also present for the inaugural session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15401335", "title": "Tom Cruise treats Suri like princess", "text": "Tom Cruise's gave a princess treatment to daughter Suri, during their vacation together at Disney World last week, after the actor booked her into the Cinderella suite.The 50-year-old actor whisked his little girl off to the resort to spend some quality time together following his split from wife Katie Holmes in June.He made sure that his 6-year-old daughter had the time of her life by staying in the coveted suite.According to People.com, the exclusive pad, decorated as a 17th century chamber, is usually reserved for use for Disney charity events and promotions, but the 'Mission Impossible' star managed to use his superstar leverage to snag a few nights in the luxury apartment, Contactmusic reported.The suite had been originally designed for creator Walt Disney's family to stay in and has a sitting room which featured stained glass windows, telling the fairy tale character's story from rags to riches, and a bathroom with a dome ceiling displaying twinkling stars in the night sky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15398133", "title": "Professional agency to man south Goa control room", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa district collectorate has decided to outsource the services of the control room of its disaster management cell to a professional agency, in a bid to make the system more responsive and efficient. Towards that end, e-tenders have been invited from registered agencies by the collectorate to provide the control room services round-the-clock.Sources in the collectorate said that as the personnel from the collectorate were being drafted to man the disaster management control room on a rotation basis, it was felt that outsourcing the task to an agency would - besides saving on men, resources and time - ensure that the system works in a more professional manner.\"For the past several years, we have been setting up the control room only during the monsoon. While initially it was kept open only up to August 15, subsequently we used to keep it functional until Ganesh Chaturthi. Last year, because of the extended monsoon, we had to keep it open until October,\" a source who was closely associated with the management of the control room, said.Sources pointed out that the idea behind setting up the control room 24x7 was to make the services not limited to cases of disaster or monsoon-related incidents alone, but to receive complaints of any types of emergency, including those of law and order. \"This control room can also be linked to the control room of the flying squad which attends to complaints of the land filling, hill cutting, etc.A resident magistrate can be empowered to deal with such cases even on weekends and public holidays,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15397032", "title": "Goons loot house during CM event", "text": "KOLKATA: While Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee was inaugurating the new building of New Town police station on Tuesday afternoon, a gang of four used the opportunity perfectly timed it to loot a house at Helabattala which falls under the purview of New Town police. The goons decamped with Rs 10,000 in cash and valuables after taking a six-year-old at gunpoint. in the same thana area holding a gun against the head of a six year old.Posing as a postman, one of the gang members knocked on the door. \"As the door bell rang, I went to open the door. I found a person with a letter. The youth was in his mid 20s and carrying a bag. He said I had to sign a receipt before he could hand over the letter to me,\" said homemaker Meena Gupta.The youth then asked Meena to get a pen as he was not carrying any. When I returned with a pen after some time, I found three armed men standing in the living room. The postman was also there with them and the main door was locked from inside. It was around 5.30pm when the robbers struck. Her husband Kamalesh, a trader by profession, had gone to Ultadanga regarding some business. Knowing that most policemen would be busy at the inauguration programme, the gang took advantage of the situation. there is an important letter. Please come and sign the letter.\"\"My six-year-old son Abhishek was studying in the same room. Suddenly one of the dacoits held a gun to his head and ordered me to hand over the keys to the vault. Terrorised, my son began to cry. They threatened to kill my son if I did not do their bidding.Initially I was hesitant, but again when they as they threatened for a second time again to kill my son, I had no other option. I gave the keys to them, I was very afraid at that moment and My son was terrorized at very much puzzled by the sudden turn of the event,\" added Meena.The gang robbed the house of Kamalesh Gupta, a trader of Dalpatti in Ultadanga when he was at his work place. They robbed valuables and cash from his wife Meena holding a gun against their six-year old son Abhishek. Initially one of the gang members entered the house in the guise of a postman and let others in. The gang took opportunity of the CM's programme in New Town as most policemen were busy at that programme and fled easily.\"The gang entered our house around 5.30 pm,\" said Meena. \"As the door bell rang, I went to open the door. I found a person with a letter. The youth was in his mid 20 with a bag. He said there is an important letter. Please come and sign the letter.\"He was standing outside the door and asked to bring a pen, for acknowledging the letter. \"As I returned from the adjoining room with the pen, I saw three armed men standing inside the room along with the postman with the door locked from inside.\"\"My son Abhishek (6) was studying a book in the same room. One of the dacoits held a gun against his head and threatened to kill him, if I don't immediately hand over the keys of the vault. Initially I was a bit hesitant, but as they threatened again to kill my son, I had no option but to bring out the keys and hand them to the dacoits. I was very much afraid at that moment and my son was very much puzzled by the sudden turn of the event.\"Meena said that the dacoits conducted the loot within a very short span. y had decamped within a short span.\"They took away gold ornaments and cash worth Rs 10,000,\" she said. But before leaving, they locked the mother-son duo inside a room and threatened to kill Abhishek if Meena dared to inform police.\"Even they threatened us not to inform the police, otherwise they will kill our son. They locked us inside a room, before fleeing.\"\"I was so traumatized that even after some time they fled, I failed to react for some time. After a while, I gained control over my senses came to my senses after some time andraised an alarm and neighbours when my neighbours rushed to my help. They also informed my husband, who later lodged a complaint with the New Town police.\"We are trying to nab the criminals. All the adjoining police stations have been alerted,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15396962", "title": "Just 252 apply for 600 specialist doc posts", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka has the highest number of medical colleges in India and produces about 6,000 doctors every year. But there aren't enough specialists and paramedical staff willing to serve in rural areas.\"We lack manpower and not funds to make the healthcare system sustainable and affordable for all,\" said Dr EV Ramanna Reddy, secretary, health and family welfare department. He was speaking at a conference on 'Innovative and sustainable healthcare management: Strategies for growth', organized by the All Indian Management Association ( AIMA).Describing the gloomy picture of the state's rural healthcare sector, he said: \"We have 2,500 posts for doctors in rural government hospitals, of which 186 are vacant. We are also short of paramedical staff, but the main problem is getting enough specialists. We have 900 vacancies for specialists in Karnataka. The government had called for applications for 600 seats last year, for which 252 doctors applied and only 65 doctors joined after counselling and other formalities. The government, too, becomes helpless in such situations.\"\"Sending doctors to rural areas is a problem. We are now hoping that the mandatory rule for all doctors to work in villages for one year will improve the situation in Karnataka,\" said Reddy.One more dies of suspected dengueOne more suspected dengue death was reported in the city on Tuesday. Eeshwari, 45, a resident of Rajajinagar, died in a private hospital of suspected dengue shock syndrome. The health and family welfare department and BBMP officials haven't confirmed that she died of dengue. Since January, the government has registered three dengue deaths in Bangalore urban and rural.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15397512", "title": "RTO has no info on school bus panels", "text": "PUNE: The authorities have no information so far on how many schools in the city have formed the school bus committees, as stipulated by the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles (School Bus Regulation) Act, 2011.The school education boards of the Pune Zilla Parishad and the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) have failed to submit their reports on the number of school bus committees formed by the city schools. The regional transport office (RTO) had set a deadline of July 31 and had asked both boards to conduct inspections of all schools in their jurisdiction and make sure that schools form the committees.Deputy RTO Sanjay Dhaigude said: \"The deadline for submitting the reports by both the boardswas July 31, but even after a week since the deadline was over we haven't received any communication from the concerned authorities.\"The RTO is the nodal authority to monitor setting up of these committees. Each committee, to be headed by the principal of the school, will have a parents' representative, local traffic and education inspector, bus operator and a member of the local civic body.Forming the committee is mandatory under the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles (School Bus Regulation) Act, 2011. The law came into force last June. A meeting of education boards, in the presence of the police commissioner, was held in June at the RTO office. It was decided that the education boards must give details of the action taken against schools that have failed to form the committees.Education officer Dattatreya Shenkar said many schools were laid back about forming committees. \"We have been trying to convince them to form committees and send the names of committee members to us. The process is on,\" he said.It was decided during the June meeting that the education boards must conduct meetings of school principals to explain to them the functions and importance of such committees.Dhaigude said 15 schools have voluntarily approached the RTO to seek information on how the committee must be constituted and who should be the members. Of these, four schools have submitted letters mentioning the names of the members of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15400141", "title": "Burning of American flag objectionable: Rights group SFJ", "text": "Jalandhar: Sikhs For Justice (SFJ), a human rights advocacy group in US has taken strong exception to the burning of American flag by members of National Akali Dal in New Delhi. SFJ legal advisor Gurpatwant Singh Pannun stated that burning incident would send a wrong signal to the US government which was taking every measure to safeguard the interests of the Sikh community after the Sikh massacre.\"This would also fuel anti Sikh sentiments in US when it is clear from the attack that anti-Sikh sentiments were budding in some quarters of American Society\" added attorney Pannun.Meanwhile he informed that in an organized move to raise religious awareness amongst the American community SFJ has joined hands with American Gurudwara Prabhandhik Committee (AGPC), Sikh Youth of America (SYA) and Shiromani Akali Dal (Amritsar) along with management committees of various Sikh temples across North America.\"A US Government backed educational TV program should continuously make American community aware of the different religious minorities that have become integral part of the society and should also state the consequences of hate crimes so that it deters future such horrific attacks against religious minorities,\" he suggested. SFJ has already announced a $10,000/- gallantry award for the officer Brain Murphy who risked his life to defend Sikhs in a shoot out at Wisconsin Sikh Temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15396923", "title": "Pass-fail system to stay in city schools outside RTE ambit", "text": "KOLKATA: Several top city schools like St James and Pratt Memorial, which are private unaided minority institutions, will not implement the no-detention policy for students up to Class VIII that is mandatory under the RTE Act.The Supreme Court had earlier exempted these institutions from the purview of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009. Although state education minister Bratya Basu had insisted at a recent meeting with principals that all schools would have to follow the RTE directives, Vikram Sahay, director, RTE, in the Union HRD ministry, clarified in the city that private unaided minority schools were indeed out of the RTE ambit.\"We shall continue with the pass-fail system,\" St James School principal T H Ireland said. \"If a student shows no improvement and fails in several subjects, he won't get a promotion. If they go through a schooling system without having any fear of failing, they will not study hard enough. Also, it will be difficult for them to accept failures later in life. Since the MHRD secretary has clearly stated that we are out of the RTE Act's purview, we will stick to the age-old beneficial system,\" he added.La Martinere is likely to announce its stand only after a meeting of the board of governors. \"We knew unaided private minority schools had been exempted from the RTE Act by the Supreme Court. The state government had doubts. We are happy there is no room for confusion. However, individual schools that come under the category have the autonomy to decide which way to go,\" La Martinere secretary Supriyo Dhar said. But state education minister Bratya Basu said he was yet to hear from the Centre. \"We wrote to the HRD ministry seeking clarification about the RTE Act. I am yet to get a reply,\" he said.A method similar to that prescribed under the RTE is followed at Welland Gouldsmith School. Principal Gillian Hart said, \"We follow a system of auto promotion up to Class VI. Only if parents request the authorities to detain their child in his/her own interest are they kept back. From Class VII onwards, the pass-fail system will remain unlike in RTE that requires unhindered promotion till Class VIII.\" He added, \"From Class VII, children are mature enough to handle failure. In the long run, it prepares them to face the world.\"Authorities at La Martiniere For Boys said it will wait for the governing body's decision. A senior governing body member thought it was \"dangerous to do away with the pass-fail system\". \"If a school is situated in a rural area and the major concern is to prevent dropouts, then the system of no detention till Class VIII may be fruitful. But in a school like La Martiniere, there are no such possibilities or it is a rare possibility,\" the member said.Pratt Memorial principal Sonia Pradhan said she will follow the decision taken by schools run by the Church of North India (CNI). \"If other CNI schools follow a policy, ours will be no different. We, too, will toe the line.\"Union Chapel School, a CNI school affiliated to the ICSE, will also follow suit. Principal Usha Banerjee said, \"In extreme cases, a child may be detained if he has a learning disability. I would resort to detention as a last option. But doing away completely with the pass fail system is not a good option. We have always spoken to parents and then decided to detain a child for academic reasons and in their benefit. We are happy that there will be none to give us orders now and we can carry on with our independence.\"St Paul's Mission school principal Sanchita Biswas added, \"The Anglo Indian schools are concerned about detention. Detaining a student for the sake of it is not the mission. But the idea is to ensure proper education and equip a child adequately to handle the next class. If a student shows no improvement even after remedial classes but is still promoted, it is detrimental to his future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15397802", "title": "Despite ban fishing goes unabated at Ganga Barrage", "text": "KANPUR: Despite a ban on fishing at Ganga Barrage, the fishermen are rampantly engaged in catching fishes at this restricted Ganga site. Though the activity of catching fishes goes on throughout the year at barrage but it gains momentum when the river is flooded with water. This happens because fishermen get a variety of fishes to catch when river has surplus water. And these days, river Ganga is swollen with water stretching towards both its ends while passing through the city.At the ghats in Ganga Barrage, the people living in vicinity and in 'Purana' Kanpur come to bait fishes. TOI on Tuesday witnessed fishermen on boats using large nets to catch the fishes.A large group of fishermen on one side of the river had thrown a net and were anxiously waiting to catch a number of fishes. After sometime, they pulled the net back and caught fishes of different kinds and sizes. Some of the fishes were even arm length. When asked as to where will they sell these fishes, a middle aged fishermen replied that these fishes will be sold in the local market as they have many takers. However. They didn't gave much detail regarding it.But when further asked from a fishermen about the awareness they have about ban on fishing at Ganga Barrage, the fishermen on condition of anonymity said, \"We have to pay to Kohna police for fishing here. That's it. Once we grease their palms, nobody stops us from fishing here and we do this business for the entire year\".It was also noteworthy that there were a number of young fellows catching fishes at the river side. These teenagers were busy baiting fishes and pulling them out in baskets kept therein.The nature lovers and environmentalists were of an opinion that rampant fish catching means disturbing the aquatic life of the rivers. The environmentalists opined that the activity of catching fishes in barrage should be checked instead of letting it go like this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15397947", "title": "Land cracks cause panic in Harirampur village", "text": "VARANASI: The land cracks, appeared in over 200-metre, caused panic among the locals of Harirampur village about 10-km away from the famous tourist site of Sitamadhi in Bhadohi district on Tuesday morning.The width of the crack was about a feet while some villagers could also be seen making efforts to measure the depth with the help of bamboo sticks. No officials reached the incident site till late afternoon. Similar cracks had also appeared in the same area in 2010 and 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15398644", "title": "Now, a flexible battery that can be bent, twisted", "text": "LONDON: You may soon be able to fold your mobile handset in half or keep it rolled up in your pocket, as scientists have now invented a battery that can be folded.Scientists from the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology have developed a flexible battery that can be bent and twisted \u2014 giving the possibility that phones of the future could be flexible and hold more capacity , the Daily Mail reported.The batteries that power devices have not increased much in capacity through the years, and they are also inflexible in shape \u2014 meaning so many phones keep the same basic rectangle shape.The team, led by professor Keon Jae Lee has developed what they call the 'high-performance flexible all-solid state battery' , which is stable enough to power our phones while still remaining stable.This opens up the possibility that phones \u2014 and other devices such as tablets or ebook readers \u2014 could be folded in half or rolled up for easy storage in your pocket. \"The technological advance of thin and light flexible display has encouraged the development of flexible batteries with a high power density and thermal stability ,\" the KAIST team said.\"Although rechargeable lithium-ion batteries have been regarded as a strong candidate for a high-performance flexible energy source, compliant electrodes for bendable LIBs are restricted to only a few materials, such as organic materials or microstructured inorganic materials mixed with polymer binders ,\" the researchers said.However, until now, the performance of LIBs has not been sufficient either, thereby difficult to apply to flexible consumer electronics including rollable displays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396773", "title": "'Dirty' pictures get clean TV slot", "text": "MUMBAI: It's a pyrrhic victory for films with supposedly adult content.The information and broadcasting ministry cleared Ekta Kapoor's The Dirty Picture for prime-time telecast, but not before the film was subject to 15 cuts. \"The Dirty Picture will finally premiere on 26th Aug. At 12pm in the afternoon &amp; 8.30pm the same night. Not post 11pm, as reported,\" Sneha Rajani of Sony TV has tweeted. It's not only The Dirty Picture, but Mukesh Bhatt's Jannat 2 has also got the nod. After the Censor Board of Film Certification slotted the telecast of the film on TV only after 11pm, the producer challenged the order at the Appellate Tribunal, a body higher than the censor board. \"We moved the tribunal and Mr Lalit Bhasin (chairman of the tribunal) was kind enough to clear the film, which can be telecast at any time of the day. It is now for the broadcaster to take a call of telecast date,\" Bhatt said.The film industry heaved a sigh of relief after the information and broadcasting ministry cleared Ekta Kapoor's The Dirty Picture for a prime time telecast but after being massacred by going through 15 cuts.Sneha Rajani of Sony TV tweeted, The Dirty Picture will finally premiere on 26th Aug. At 12pm in the afternoon &amp; 8.30pm the same night. Not post 11pm, as reported.''Though the film industry was relieved after the time constraints were lifted, it is apparently not pleased with the cuts that The Dirty Picture had to suffer. Producers are also disgruntled about the double standards on the telecast of U/A films alleging that several films that are shown on television throughout the day have \"more adult content\" than the two films in question. A source close to Balaji Production House, which made the movie, said, \"The film already had about 58 cuts. Another 15 cuts were imposed and some dialogues had to be muted. Vidya Balan and Naseeruddin Shah's love scene has been trimmed. Rajani, tweeted: \"Now, the furore over the cuts! Yes, 11 mins have been cut/muted. 2hours 11mins of the film remain. The essence of the story remains. And if you have issues with the cuts... Contact the authorities! Not us... We are merely law abiding Broadcasters!\"There are negative reactions to the telecast time of the film and cuts. Sneha tweered, Now the furore over the cuts! Yes, 11 mins have been cut/muted. 2hours 11mins of the film remains. The essence of the story remains. And if you have issues with the cuts.. Contact the authorities! Not us.. We are merely law abiding Broadcasters!A source close to the Balaji production firm said, the film already had about 58 cuts and an additional 15 cuts and dialogues had to be muted. Also Vidya Balan and Naseeruddin Shah's love scene has been trimmed.''But in spite of the cuts, that the films can be viewed on TV has brought rays of hope for those in the industry. \"We are glad and relieved that after a long back-and-forth, The Dirty Picture has been given the due of other U/A-certified films and will be shown on TV for its worldwide fans who have been waiting to watch it,\" on television,\" said Tanuj Garg, CEO of Balaji Telefilms Motion Pictures.The industry, which was worried about satellite revenue loss after The Dirty Picture was stopped from telecast in April, is also happy with the ministry's decision. A source, however, said it was not a sweeping decision for all U/A movies. \"It will be taken case to casedecision will be taken. It is not a standardized pattern to be followed for all films with adult content. in future.Aamir Khan's Delhi Belly and Onir Ban's I Am are yet to find a telecast slot,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397298", "title": "Can prescribe fee structure for CBSE schools: Govt", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has told the Madras high court that the state had the jurisdiction and competence to prescribe a fee structure for CBSE-affiliated schools as well.A submission to this effect was made before a special bench comprising Justice R Banumathi and Justice R Subbiah by the school education department in its counter-affidavit filed in response to about 20 writ petitions from CBSE schools. While the additional government pleader (education) P Sanjai Gandhi filed the counter on behalf of school education secretary S Manoharan, advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan told the bench that no interim order restraining the state from prescribing the fee structure should be issued. The bench adjourned the matter to August 16 for further hearing.It is the case of the CBSE and ICSE schools that the fee structure laid down by the statutory Private School Fee Determination Committee in May 2011 was not applicable to them. They said that CBSE schools were governed by rules and regulations of the central board.Rejecting the submissions, the state government's counter said: \"The illusion hitherto fostered by the CBSE schools that they are independent bodies and the state Act would not apply to them has been nullified and rejected by a circular of the CBSE dated February 21, 2011.\"Citing judgments from several high courts, the counter further said that the CBSE and ICSE schools are governed by provisions of the state Act in respect of determination of fee. Such schools are not established by the central government, it said, adding that they are formed and established by trusts, either private or public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15398102", "title": "Braveheart cop who took 9 bullets", "text": "WASHINGTON: A Brooklynborn police officer took up to nine bullets trying to stop the gunman who killed six people in a Sikh temple in Oak Creek and was still more worried about saving other victims than himself. \"He told them to go into the temple,\" the New York Post quoted Wisconsin police chief John Edwards as saying about police Lieutenant Brian Murphy .Murphy had waved off help from fellow officers on Sunday during the carnage at the Sikh Temple of Wisconsin. His former head, ex-Oak Creek police chief Thomas Bauer, said that he was not surprised about Murphy's heroic act. \"He is that guy,\" Bauer said. Murphy is in critical condition at a hospital in Wisconsin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15396514", "title": "Non-resident Gujarati among eight held for gambling in Satellite", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Satellite police officials rounded up eight persons including an Non-resident Gujarati (NRG) from a flat near Shivranjani crossroads for gambling.As Janmashtami is approaching, the city police are keeping an eye on surge in seasonal gambling in the city. The city and district police have collectively booked more than 40 persons for gambling in last two weeks. The number is expected to increase by the weekend.According to Satellite police officials, a team led by sub-inspector VM Zala got a tip-off that Jinal Shah, a trader settled abroad, had come back home and had hosted gambling at his residence in Mayfair Apartment near Shivranjani crossroads. Working on the information, Shah's residence was raided early on Tuesday morning.\"Apart from Shah, Niraj Patel, Himanshu Shukla, Malav Shah, Chintan Shah, Kunal Vyas, Naman Shah and Nandish Shah were rounded up for the gambling and Rs 38,300 cash, gambling tokens with face value of Rs 14,100 were seized along with mobile phones and other valuables. The group confessed that they had organized gambling as get-together and were not habitual gamblers,\" said a Satellite police official.In the past fortnight, eight incidents have been reported from the city. A team of vigilance squad of state director general nabbed seven from Maninagar and seized Rs 45,000. In another incident, Vastrapur police nabbed 14 from a flat near Vastrapur Lake with Rs 68,000. Five including four women were nabbed from near Anjali crossroads with Rs 10,000.\"Shravan month is the season for gamblers and we have to be cautious when handling the cases as we don't want to harass the citizens playing cards with family for fun,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397826", "title": "Gorle family keeps up tradition of donating body", "text": "NAGPUR: Gorle family of city set an example for others by keeping up their tradition of donating body for medical studies. It donated the body of 86-year-old Radhabai on Tuesday. She was wife of late Rambhau Gorle began the tradition of body and eye donations that was pledged by 30 members of the family.A retired veterinary doctor, Rambhau died in February last year and pledged his body for research. His family honoured his wish and donated his body to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College. Not just that, thirty other family members also pledged their bodies. Radhabai's is second donation in the family.\"I really feel honoured to say that she was my grandmother. She was a woman of her word otherwise also and always did what she said. She is an inspiration for our family and larger community,\" said Vikrant Gorle, Radhabai's grandson who works as a sales manager with Taj Group of Hotels in Aurangabad.Vikrant told TOI that the family donated the body to Lata Mangeshkar Hospital early on Tuesday morning as his grandmother had died at 11.45pm on Monday night. Radhabai, he said, was an extremely active person. She was the first one to pledge her body after her husband did so. It was only after Rambhau's death that others in family and friend circle pledged theirs.\"We are not doing something very big. We are just following our grandparents who had set a precedent. We just wish that other people too follow us. It feels great to know that her eyes will give vision to two persons. She would see the world again in another four days when these two individuals get her eyes. It has motivated our family so much that when we didn't get proper response from two government medical colleges in city for accepting the body this morning, we decided to give to a private college,\" said Vikrant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "15398425", "title": "Youth held for abusing minor in Kollam", "text": "KOLLAM: The Punalur police on Tuesday arrested a 29-year-old man on charges of sexually abusing a minor girl. Binu of Vadi was arrested following a complaint filed by a 16-year-old girl.According to the police, the two were in a mobile phone friendship for a while. As they hadn't seen each other, they decided to meet at Punalur KSRTC bus stand on Wednesday. That day, he took the girl to his sister's house at Kadakkavur near Thiruvananthapuram and entered into a physical relationship with her after promising marriage.The following days, the girl tried to contact him on his mobile phone several times but he did not respond to her calls.Later, the girl told her parents about the incident and a complaint was lodged. The police arrested Binu from his house in Kollam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15398490", "title": "Amrendra Pratap Singh elected deputy speaker", "text": "PATNA: BJP MLA from Ara, Amrendra Pratap Singh was elected unopposed to the post of deputy speaker of the state legislative assembly here on Tuesday. Members from both the treasury and opposition benches expressed their faith in his unbiased approach and vast legislative experience.Singh was the lone candidate to file his nomination papers for the post. After his election, CM Nitish Kumar thanked the entire House, especially the opposition members, for maintaining the long parliamentary tradition of electing the deputy speaker unanimously. He noted the opposition's cooperation in the light of the fact that there had been a tradition of having the deputy speaker from the opposition, while the post of Speaker used to go to the ruling party.Reposing confidence in the new deputy speaker, Kumar said he would not only apply wisdom to his work but also point out any deficiency in the ruling party. He said Singh had earlier proved his competence whenever he was given the opportunity to conduct the proceeding of the House.Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi also greeted Singh and said he had proved his credentials in last 40 years - from the days of JP movement to his four terms as MLA.The leader of the opposition, Abdul Bari Siddiqui, said Singh had maintained the highest parliamentary traditions as a conscientious member of the Assembly. He recalled the days of JP movement when they worked together. Congress leader and former Assembly Speaker Sadanand Singh greeted Singh, saying he belonged to a family of freedom fighters. CPI member Awadhesh Kumar Rai hoped that Singh's action would be in consonance with the sentiments of the House. LJP member Zakir Hussain Khan also greeted Singh.Expressing his gratitude to all members of the House for reposing confidence in him and electing him unopposed, Singh promised that his rulings would be free from discrimination, check any unpleasant incident and keep the chair free of any controversy.Singh has been a member of assembly for the last 12 years, having been elected four times - in 2000, in February 2005, in October 2005 and in 2010. He belongs to a family of freedom fighters. His grandfather, Sardar Harihar Singh, was a freedom fighter and chief minister of Bihar for a brief period. His elder brother, Mrigendra Pratap Singh was the Speaker of Jharkhand legislative assembly.The deputy speaker had started his political career as a member of RSS and Jan Sangh in Jamshedpur. He had also been an active trade union leader with affiliation to Bhartiya Mazdoor Sangh in the steel city. He contested for the Jamshedpur parliamentary seat in 1991 but lost with a small margin. Later, he switched his political career in the central part of Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai/mumbai", "code": "15395714", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh still critical, no liver transplant", "text": "CHENNAI/MUMBAI: Union science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , admitted to a Chennai hospital on Monday, was still in critical condition on Tuesday, doctors said. Deshmukh is conscious but has been on life- support in the intensive care unit.Doctors at Chennai's Global Hospitals are treating the 67-year-old minister for hepatocellular carcinoma, a form of liver cancer, which has led to multiple organ failure. Deshmukh was diagnosed with liver failure over a year ago.The doctors said they could not plan a liver transplant as Deshmukh's condition had to stabilize first. \"He is on ventilator support and was given dialysis,\" a doctor said, adding, \"However, his condition has not deteriorated since his admission.\"A week ago, he was admitted to Mumbai's Breach Candy Hospital, where he was diagnosed with both liver and kidney failure.He was flown to Chennai for a liver transplant by air ambulance on Monday.Deshmukh's son Amit, a Congress legislator, too informed Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Tuesday that his father's condition was slightly better than on Monday. \"Amit spoke to Chavan and briefed him on his father's health. He expressed concern, but was optimistic of an improvement in a day or two,\" a senior government official told TOI on Tuesday. A family member also said the ailing former chief minister's response to treatment was lukewarm but expected some improvement soon. \"If there is marked improvement in the basic parameters, only then will a decision be taken on whether to go in for the liver transplant. We expect it will take a minimum two to three days to arrive at any conclusion,\" he said.Some reports said Amit urged Chavan and deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who were planning to call on Deshmukh on Tuesday, to postpone their plan. However, the official said neither Chavan nor Pawar had any immediate plans to visit Chennai.Entry to the ICU has been restricted to prevent infection, doctors said. A spokesperson told reporters that the hospital could not reveal details as the minister's family had requested privacy. \"We respect patient privacy,\" he said.When Deshmukh was flown to Chennai for a liver transplant, doctors initially thought they should convince one of his blood relatives to donate a part of his liver, or put him on the waitlist for a cadaver transplant. However, when they found he was suffering not only from kidney failure but a severe bacterial blood infection as well, they concluded a transplant was not the immediate option and decided to wait till his condition stabilized first. \"In the ICU, we give each of the vital organs (heart, brain, lung, kidney and liver) 20 points. If three of his organs aren't stable, the patient loses 60 points. That is why his condition is considered critical,\" said a doctor in the ICU. \"But the minister is alert and conscious, indicating good brain function. His heart is also pumping normally.\"The pressing concern is the blood bacterial infection, which is causing serious damage to his organs. \"Our first priority is to bring the infection under control or it could damage healthy organs and his condition could deteriorate further,\" a doctor said. \"We have given him some antibiotics as he has a blood infection. We don't know what exactly the infection is but samples have been sent for tests and will arrive late on Wednesday,\" the doctor said.Deshmukh has been administered broad spectrum antibiotics that will cover his bacterial infection, but doctors will make the treatment more specific after receiving results of blood tests. Once the blood infection has been treated, Deshmukh will slowly be taken off life support, including ventilator and dialysis. \"It's too early to discuss a transplant. But that could be an option if he responds to treatment for the blood infection,\" said a liver transplant surgeon from Mumbai. But he said doctors may have to use radiation therapy to shrink the size of the cancerous tumour. \"He has a very large tumour that cannot be removed easily,\" he added.Deshmukh's doctor, transplant surgeon Dr Mohamed Rela, could not be contacted. The minister's family, including wife Vaishali, actor-son Riteish and daughter-in-law Genelia were at the hospital. Union minister of state for coal Pratik Patil visited the hospital in the evening and was briefed about Deshmukh's health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15397721", "title": "Little Shraddha ready to perform big feat", "text": "KANPUR: Little Shraddha Shukla will swim 10 kilometres downstream in the swollen Ganga on August 9.Six-year-old Shraddha will dive into the river from Ganga Barrage at 11 am. She will swim downstream to Massacre ghat in Cantonment. Swimming expert Liyaqat Ali and his team would guard Shraddha. The mission is to get her name published in Limca book of records.Adarsh Samaj Vikas Sansthan, which is sponsoring the adventure sport, has made preparations. Shraddha had surprised the spectators and citizens of Kanpur and Unnao on September 4, 2011 when she had dived into the swollen Ganga river from old Ganga bridge and covered six kilometres upto Agrasen Vyayam Shala in Cantonment, in 41 minutes.Shraddha was born on February 3, 2005. Her father is Lalit Kumar Shukla, a resident of Cantonment area. The girl's coach is her grandfather Munnu Lal Shukla. Shraddha was introduced to swimming when she was one year old. Four years of hard labour and discipline transformed her into an expert swimmer. She has won several state as well as national events.Former MLC Lal Singh Tomar and former MLA Aruna Tomar would be present to watch the little swimmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15396977", "title": "Diktat on bangles and bindi draws flak", "text": "MANGALORE: The decision of Vivekananda Vidyavardhaka Sangha (VVS), Puttur, to make it compulsory for students, teachers and staff to wear bangles and sport bindi on campus has been criticized.Federation of Rationalists Associations of India president Narendra Nayak said nobody can impose religious symbolism on another. \"If this is allowed, then tomorrow Christian and Muslim institutions' managements will introduce their own rules,\" he added.Shameera Jahan, deputy coordinator of the women's wing of Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, called the VVK directive an attack on religious freedom. \"They cannot make wearing bangles and tilak compulsory in institutes where students belong to different religions study. There are many institutions run by Muslim managements in the district where burqa is uniform. However, they allow students of other religions to wear the dress of their choice.\"Writer and progressive thinker Sara Aboobakker said imposing religious practices on others will amount to violation of the Constitution. \"If the institute makes the rule mandatory, it's condemnable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "15398639", "title": "Three tribal militants caught in Dima Hasao", "text": "SILCHAR: Police and Assam Rifles personnel on Tuesday arrested three cadres of All Tribal Liberation Army (ATLA), a new militant outfit, from Sangbar village in Umrangshu sub-division of the hill district. While one of the cadres is from Nagaland , the rest are residents of the district.Sources said the little-known outfit had demanded an unspecified amount of money from the village headman of Sangbar in Umrangshu recently. Accordingly, the headman informed this to police and extended his cooperation to the cops to nab the militants.Police said 25 Assam Rifles personnel laid a trap to nab them on Tuesday morning. When the village headman went to hand over the amount of money to the militants at an unspecified location, police overpowered the trio.The arrested militants have been identified as Suomthinglal Khelma (31), a resident of Kelma village near Julika in Peren district of Nagaland, Soumchungthang Khelma (46) of Bhangphiri Part 1 village in Umrangshu sub-division of Dima Hasao district and Suomroilal Khelma (38) of Hebron village near Sangbar in Dima Hasao district of Assam.Security forces have recovered a .22 rifle, a pistol and some incriminating documents from them.Sources said Dima National Revolutionary Front (DNRF) and NSCN (IM) have joined hands in Dima Hasao district and have been extorting money from traders, government employees and other people in the district. This is following the surrender of dreaded Dima Halam Daoga (Jewel) militants nearly two years ago.NSCN (IM), which is under a ceasefire agreement with the Centre in Nagaland, is active in this part of Assam. They provide training and supply arms and ammunition to various Dima Hasao-based outfits. In return, the Naga outfit gets a huge amount of money.Earlier, the NSCN (IM) provided training and arms to both factions of DHD - led by Dilip Nunisa and Jewel Gorlosa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15397346", "title": "No cuts, Sector 21 parrot sanctuary gets new life", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The parrot sanctuary in the middle of the residential area in Sector 21 is here to stay. After initial reservations about how to comply with the condition to declare it a no-honking, eco-sensitive zone, UT has finally earmarked the site. Other than this issue, in 2010, there was a demand to sacrifice a portion of the bird sanctuary for setting up an e-Sampark Centre for the benefit of people of the area.But now the UT urban planning department has decided that the sanctuary would stay along with the wildlife sanctuary near the Sukhna catchment area.Earlier this year, the UT forests department had mooted a plan to declare Sector 21 as an eco-sensitive location in a bid to foster better environment for its bird sanctuary located in the residential area.The sanctuary spread over 2.9 hectares was created in 1998 after the UT forest department took note of the large presence of birds, particularly parrots there. The canopy of green cover so close to the residential area acts as a habitat for large species of birds. It was the birds themselves who chose this area and the sanctuary came up much later, said Rattan Singh, a bank manager, who is a resident of Sector 21.According to the Government of India guidelines on sanctuaries, a chunk of area has to be designated as eco-sensitive for maintaining a sanctuary. This has to be a no-honking zone with no industrial pollution of any sort. In view of this, the UT administration is consulting the Wildlife Institute of India to chalk out plans on how to go about it, said a UT official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396324", "title": "'Stop KG Basin gas export to distant states'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former Union power secretary EAS Sarma said transmission of KG Basin gas to distant areas like Maharashtra and Delhi should be discouraged as it involves a huge cost.In a letter to Union petroleum minister S Jaipal Reddy on Tuesday, Sarma said the gas should be used in areas as close to the production fields, either for generating electricity or for manufacturing fertilisers since the transmission of electricity through high tension lines is cheaper than gas transportation.He suggested that Jaipal Reddy should tell the Union cabinet that the irrational movement of gas from KG Basin to any place outside AP should be stopped in view of the net national costs involved. The former bureaucrat accused the political leaders at the Centre and in AP of joining hands with Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) to sacrifice the interests of the state to the benefit of the company.\"The cost of production of KG Basin gas is hardly $0.60 per MMBTU (Million Metric British Thermal Units). RIL had offered to supply it to NTPC at $2.34 per MMBTU. Still, the group of ministers headed by Pranab Mukherjee has fixed the price at $4.20 per MMBTU. Who has profited as a result of this? Who are the politicians who benefited from this,\" he asked.The former power secretary ridiculed Jaipal Reddy's reported suggestion that AP should consider buying Regassified LNG (RLNG) to make up for the gas diverted from the state to Ratnagiri power project in Maharashtra. Stating that the transfer of Enron's Dabhol to Ratnagiri power station was itself a dubious decision, Sarma alleged that the decision to divert gas from KG Basin to Ratnagiri was aimed at whitewashing the dishonesty implicit in the Ratnagiri project at the expense of AP consumers.\"Whoever had advised Jaipal Reddy to make such a laughable statement is illiterate in economic logic and inconsiderate to the legitimate interests of AP. Let me explain this further. It runs counter to any economic logic to allow export of gas to the other states from AP and asking AP in turn to import coal from Bengal and Bihar or import RLNG from the Middle East,\" he added.Through such a policy, Sarma said, the consumers of electricity and fertilizers in AP would be forced to pay an exorbitant price to help the political executive at the Centre to appease the consumers in Maharashtra and Delhi and also pander to the wishes of RIL.According to Sarma, RIL had initially inflated the gas deposits and the production profile to boost investment in the company from the savings of several small shareholders. The company had inflated the capital expenditure figures to get the same reimbursed from the government through \"cost\" gas, to the detriment of the public exchequer, he said.\"Now, it became evident that neither the deposits nor the production levels were anywhere near the original assurances,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15396700", "title": "MLAs\u2019 area development plan ineffective: CAG", "text": "BHOPAL: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has found that the implementation of Madhya Pradesh Assembly Constituency Area Development Scheme\u2014under which each MLA get funds for taking up development initiatives\u2014has not been effective.On the lines of Member of Parliament Local Area Development Fund (MPLAD), each of the 230 MLAs of the state assembly gets Rs 77 lakh every year for initiating development works in their respective constituencies besides a discretionary fund of Rs 8 lakhs. State legislators have been demanding substantial increase in their constituency development fund as they feel that the amount was just 'peanuts' to take up development activities in sprawling assembly constituencies. The CAG report, tabled in the assembly, said the scheme was launched in July 1994 with the objective of taking up developmental works of capital nature on the recommendations of the MLAs.The performance audit of implementation of the scheme revealed that planning for implementation was not effective as funds amounting to Rs 151.49 crore remained unspent with the executing agencies.The report said in 11 out of the 12 test-checked districts, 717 works remained incomplete while in six districts there were instances where works could not be started due to selection of disputed sites. The CAG pointed out that quarterly meetings with MLAs and executing officers were not held regularly to monitor the progress of works undertaken under the scheme.\"Due to non-maintenance of data base and asset registers, public was largely unaware of the works done under the scheme in their districts,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397590", "title": "Tourists go, tea estate stays in tiger reserve", "text": "CHENNAI: While tiger reserves remain closed to tourists after a Supreme Court order, footfalls of 5,000-odd workers continue in the Kalakkad Mundanthurai Tiger reserve (KMTR). The workers are employed at the 8,832-acre Manjolai Estate, belonging to the Nusli Wadia group and located inside the KMTR.What's more, while the state has started the acquisition process for 13 estates located within KMTR, sources indicated that the Manjolai Estate of the Bombay Burmah Trading Corporation is likely to continue its lease until 2028 despite being located in the core of the reserve.Under the Forest Conservation Act and the Wildlife Protection Act of 1972, commercial activities are restricted within national parks, sanctuaries and reserve forests and banned in the core areas of tiger reserves.\"But given the circumstances, it would be legally difficult for the government to annul the lease,\" said a forest official, adding, \"So, they shall continue to stay until their lease period ends.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "porvorim", "code": "15398483", "title": "We will stop Mhadei diversion: Chief minister", "text": "PORVORIM: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday informed the House that the first priority of the government was to get the Mhadei water disputes tribunal functioning by October and assured that the government will immediately seek a stay on the Kalsa-Bandura project.Replying to a calling attention moved by Fatorda MLA Vijay Sardesai on the advanced stage of completion of the Kalsa-Bandura project in Kankumbhi and the diversion of water from Mhadei river basin, Parrikar said, \"We will do everything possible to stop the diversion of water illegally.\"He added that for the last three years the central government had not provided a place for the tribunal to function. \"We will ask the Supreme Court to direct the central government to allot a place to the tribunal for its functioning,\" Parrikar said.Sardessai said there being BJP governments in Goa and Karnataka, both should take up the issue will the party high command and find a political solution. Parrikar said there could be no political solution and added, \"I will not listen to central BJP leaders if they pressurize me to sacrifice on this issue.\"Water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar said Karnataka has till date completed about 45% of the channel which is mainly in non-forest area and assured that the Goa government will protect the state's interests.Water woesIn 2006 Karnataka started work to divert Mhadei waters at Khalsa nallahThereafter the Goa government approached the Supreme CourtMhadei Water Dispute Tribunal constituted on Supreme Court instructionsKarnataka government argues the project is to provide water to Hubli and Dharwad areasGoa government argues that Karnataka does not need to diver waters from the Mhadei to the Malaprabha as the latter is not a deficit basin", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396461", "title": "State rapped over coastal security", "text": "MUMBAI: Four years after 26/11 and a year after two cargo vessels ran aground on beaches, the Bombay HC on Tuesday emphasized the importance of coastal security for the city.\"Coastal security is important for Mumbai,\" observed a division bench of Justices D D Sinha and Vijaya Kapse-Tahilramani while hearing a PIL on the \"failure of the state to make the waterfront safe\". In an apparent reference to the breaches in security over the last few years, the judges said:\"Things are taking place because of the lassitude on part of the authorities. Vigilance of coastal areas and effective surveillance is necessary.\" The court also sought to know if there was patrolling in deep sea. \"What are the points of entry in international waters? Are they being guarded? Which agencies are responsible,\" asked the court while asking the petitioner, Association for Aiding Justice, to take the information from the government lawyer so that they can be made parties in the case. The petitioners referred to the 26/11 attacks when 10 terrorists had slipped in to Mumbai in small boats, as well as last years incidents when M V Wisdom ran aground on Juhu beach and M V Pavit drifted to Lokhandwala beach.\"It took four days for M V Wisdom to drift to the coast and no one noticed it. The Navy, Coast Guard and other agencies failed to detect the ship,\" said the plea. When a huge vessel can enter into Mumbai's coast without being noticed, will they be able to intercept a small boat,'' added the petition. A comprehensive coastal radar network that was being planned has till to become operational, the association said urging the court to direct the government to take measures to ensure Mumbai's coast as safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15396607", "title": "Hamid Ansari to stay in childhood home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hamid Ansari will stay on at his Maulana Azad Road residence. The continuity with the vice-president's bungalow, however, goes back to post-partition turbulence when his family had to flee Shimla in the wake of religious reprisals.As a child, Ansari, like many other Muslim families, found refuge in the 6, Maulana Azad Road residence of Rafi Ahmed Kidwai. Little did he know that after a successful career as diplomat and many decades later, his fate would be tied to the same house.Kidwai was a leading light in Congress who moved from being a freedom fighter to become a minister in the Nehru cabinet.Tuesday's re-election ensured that Ansari will stay put in his V-P residence, no mean feat given that he is only the second vice-president after S Radhakrishnan to get a second tenure in the post.The diplomat-turned-Rajya Sabha chairman secured 490 votes, much higher than BJP's Jaswant Singh who insisted on contesting despite the no-show it threatened to be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15396997", "title": "Mother finds son's body buried in sugarcane field", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 66-year-old mother's frantic search to locate her missing son ended on a sad note when she spotted the decomposed toe of a buried body protruding out of the earth in a sugarcane field near Ondipudur on Tuesday morning. Her worst fears were confirmed when the police and revenue officials exhumed the decomposed body which bore numerous stab and slash injuries and identified that it belonged to R Karthikeyan alias Raja, her son.Sathyabhama was brought to the field adjacent to her missing son's coconut grove by her sister-in-law Tamil Mugai and husband, S Sundaram, after she insisted on checking up on Karthikeyan, 39, who had not returned home after he left for the coconut grove from his home on Sowripalayam on Saturday.\"Karthikeyan's mother spotted the body. She was searching for him since Saturday and decided to come here and look for him in person,\" said Ramachandran, Karthikeyan's father, while giving a statement to the police.Sathyabhama had spotted a clearing in the field adjacent to the mud road separating the field and Karthikeyan's four-acre coconut grove, where she saw the gruesome sight of the protruding toe. The body seemed buried for at least two days indicating that the crime might have been committed on Saturday night. Police officials at the spot claimed that there was no blood stains at the vicinity of the crime scene since it had drizzled on Sunday and Monday night. \"We are following some leads based on the statements given by the family members and clues gathered from the crime scene,\" said Hema Karunagaran, deputy commissioner, law and order, Coimbatore city police.According to the police, Karthikeyan was looking after the coconut grove and had kept a few cows in the grove after he left the real estate business. However, his family members claimed that recently a real estate broker had approached him to sell the property and the negotiations ended on a sour note.Karthikeyan reportedly retained the agent's motorcycle, which was found at the grove next to a house where the caretakers of the grove, a Mysore-based couple and their son, stayed.Karthikeyan's family had filed a man missing complaint with the local police station on Sunday when he didn't return.\"We are also trying to locate the deceased person's motorcycle on which he had left home on Saturday,\" Hema Karunagaran added.A team of police officers from Singanallur police station has been despatched to Tirupur district on Tuesday evening after they traced the owner of the motorcycle, which was found abandoned at the crime scene. The caretakers of the grove, Maheshwari and her husband, are also being questioned. Police have found a liquor bottle and two sickles inside the house in the grove.\"I had spoken to Karthikeyan a few days before he went missing. He did not seem to be worried at all. Everything was normal and he often dropped my children home,\" said S Sundaram, Karthikeyan's relative.Karthikeyan was married to K Sudha, 27, and the couple had three-year-old twins, Nikhil and Nithin. Even after the body was spotted on Tuesday morning Sudha and her father A Karuppusamy were hoping that it could be someone else and went into a state of total shock when the body was recovered and identified as Karthikeyan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397851", "title": "Students left in lurch as Nagpur University fails to move in Master of Computer Applications admission scam", "text": "NAGPUR: Ten days after the scam in admissions to Master of Computer Applications was bared, there has been no headway in resolving the imbroglio. Nagpur University administration has failed to take any action against erring colleges for admitting 'ineligible' students. The students are unsure of their status even as the NU administration appears to be buckling under pressure from top colleges, mostly run by political bigwigs.The colleges at the centre of controversy seem to be taking the issue lightly, as they are aware that NU will not initiate any action against them due to political pressure, said sources. However, the impasse has led to panic among students, who fear they will lose their precious academic year.After the scam was unearthed, NU had served notices to 19 colleges on July 30 asking for a list of all candidates directly admitted to second year after completing Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Science and Application (PGDCS&A;). These include Ramdeobaba, GH Raisoni, Kamla Nehru, Priyadarshini and Datta Meghe Institute, among others. NU had asked them to reply in three days, but none has done so even now. NU officials are keeping mum about the episode.Controller of examination (COE) Siddharth Kane had earlier said to TOI that he would take immediate action against all colleges and principals. However, he changed the tone on Tuesday and flatly refused to issue any statement, thus indirectly confirming doubts by students that NU was under pressure of politicians who run these colleges. \"There is some issue and I will be able to give information after three or four days,\" Kane said.Admission dean at Ramdeobaba T Singh said they had finally received NU's notice on Friday evening but were yet to file a reply. \"We will submit our reply in a couple of days. We will explain to NU authorities the confusion over the eligibility criteria,\" he told TOI.While both NU and colleges pass the buck on to each other, the students are jittery. City Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta, who led a students' delegation to vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal, expressed concern over inaction by both parties. \"It has been two years since the ordinance has been passed and colleges are not even aware of it. There is a big communication gap between NU and colleges, due to which students are suffering.\"He claimed the future of around 400 students is hanging in balance. \"Around 62 students were on the list, of which 28 were with me when we met the VC,\" Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "15397806", "title": "Exotic fishes dominate fish market", "text": "VARANASI: The invasion of alien or exotic fishes in Indian waters has worried the fishery experts. But fishes of foreign origin are preferred by fish lovers due to low prices in comparison to Indian fishes.\"Alien fishes like common carp, tilapia and Thai mangur has so far captured 47% of the local fish market,\" chief executive officer of fisheries department Arvind Mishra said. \"We have recently conducted a survey of fishes in local market for the proposed fishery vision document for UP,\" Mishra said. The alien species of fishes, including common carp, capture 18% of market while tilapia captures 22% and Thai mangur 7% of fish market. The share of Indian major carp is 21% while catfish captures 16% of the market.Mishra said the invasion of alien fishes in Ganga is posing a serious threat to the indigenous species. The fishery department had also sent a report regarding the existence of exotic fishes to the National Bureau of Fish Genetic Resources (NBFGR), Lucknow. NBFGR works to achieve its mandate related to database development, genotyping, registration of aquatic germplasm, genebanking and evaluation of endangered and exotic species.Mishra said that the exotic fishes, which were introduced into India for the purpose of aquaculture only, have became a threat to Indian species. NBFGR scientist AK Singh and AK Pathak and Wazir S Lakra conducted a study on the invasion of Common carp in Ganga and its impacts.The study area covered the 250-km river stretch of Ganga from Kanpur to Varanasi. There are more than 300 exotic species in India. The common carp was introduced about 60 years ago for aquaculture. Today the abundance index of common carp ranged from 12.2% to 45.5% in Ganga between Kanpur and Varanasi.Escapement of exotic fishes due to recurring floods or inadvertent releases frequently happened, but the occurrence of common carp in Ganga was not known before 2003-04. Tilapia was first introduced into pond ecosystems in India in 1952 and thereafter stocked in several reservoirs of south India for production enhancement.\"A sharp decline in fish catching was seen in this region till 2006-07 due to a number of factors,\" said Mishra.The fishermen generally used to catch even small fishes with the help of nets. This tendency reduced the number of fishes in the river. \"As per fishery rules, fishes should not be caught without first breeding,\" he said, adding that it took about two years for maturity to breed. \"Normally, a fish of one kg gives about one lakh eggs, hence fishes below 1.5kg should not be caught,\" he said.Mortality was not noticed during the flooding season this year, he said. In 2011, the local fish market witnessed sharp decline in price due to arrival of fishes in huge quantity in floodwaters. The fishermen had to throw unsold fishes into the river. The carpio (common carp) and tilapia, usually sold at Rs 30-35 per kg on normal days, were sold for Rs 10 per kg at that time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15396537", "title": "Gurgaon fuelled Sirsa MLA\u2019s rise", "text": "GURGAON: The Millennium City has played a big role in the past two decades in the meteoritic rise of the now-disgraced former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda.According to sources, Kanda first made it big in Gurgaon in the early nineties when he controlled the outdoor ads in the MG Road area. In 1992, he had all the outdoor ad rights and he was seen for the first time in Gurgaon clinching land deals, said a source.Kanda owns several commercial sites, including a mall in Gurgaon. Kanda made a big foray in real estate and purchased several acres of land in Sohna, Pataudi and Bandhwari. In 2002, he built a mansion in the upscale Civil Lines area where his family lives.In the past seven years, Kanda had also bought a hotel near HUDA City Centre and land in Gurgaon and other parts of Haryana. Sources said Kanda had major stakes in a group housing project in the developing Sector 103.It is learnt that Kanda is close to a couple of Bollywood starlets and also owns casinos in Goa which he visited frequently and was planning a hotel project.The politician had been part of the core group of Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) and his proximity to the Chautalas was an open secret in Haryana. Sources said Kanda was considered a key man during the Om Prakash Chautala regime in the state. In 2007, it was his proximity with Chautala that had helped him set up MDLR Airlines. \"Kanda had insisted on setting up MDLR's office in Gurgaon. The building used to be the old judicial complex. It was demolished and rebuilt and Kanda owns the huge space,\" said a source.The airline collapsed in 2009 but Kanda continued to grow in stature. In 2009, when INLD did not give him a ticket, Kanda had contested as an independent and won from Sirsa. He then changed his loyalties and aligned with Congress which made him minister of state for home.In 2004, Kanda spent crores in constructing an ashram for his guru Tara Baba in Sirsa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "15397808", "title": "Tilak Hall to get back its lost glory and sheen", "text": "KANPUR: Tilak Hall, inaugurated by Father of the Nation Mahatma Gandhi , is getting a facelift after three decades. This historical building, constructed 78 years ago, will re-inaugurated by Sonia or Rahul Gandhi after renovation.Tilak Hall, situated on Meston Road, was inaugurated on July 24,1934. Its foundation was laid by Jawahar Lal Nehru in 1931. The building was the head office of the Congress Party, where the partymen used to conduct 'Sarvadharam prathna' and chant 'Ramdhun'.This building of such a great historical importance, was crying for attention since the past three decades.Just a few weeks ago, Tilak Hall was striving hard to maintain its sheen. Even the 'foundation stone' carrying the name of the building had gathered rust and dust.\"Its renovation will surprise the people who will come to Tilak Hall on Gandhi Jayanti this year. The hall has got a trendy look with marble corridor. It will also be renovated from outside so that the building may get back its original sheen,\" Congress spokesman Gulab Singh Kori said.A few months ago, the roofs of the hall were on the brink of collapse. The windows and doors were partially broken and getting rusted due to lack of maintenance. But now the hall is wearing a different look. The dilapidated roof has been renovated with brown tiles, while the room has been white-washed to address the Independence Day gathering.The outer portion of the building is still undergoing renovation work which might will finish in next 40 to 50 days.The fund for renovation of Tilak Hall was released by All India Congress Committee. Last time, this building was renovated in 1982.\"The foundation of the building was laid by Jawahar Lal Nehru and inaugurated by Mahatma Gandhi, we want that someone from that family to re-inaugurate it again. Though the renovation work is about to get over in the coming month but we want to re-inaugurate it on Gandhi Jayanti. We want Sonia or Rahul Gandhi for the function,\" said Mahesh Dixit, president, Kanpur Congress committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15397098", "title": "Top DGCA babu faces axe for malpractice", "text": "MUMBAI: Alok Kumar Sharan, the second in command in the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), India's aviation regulatory body, faces a possible dismissal from service for misusing power and helping his daughter earn a Commercial Pilot Licence through unfair means. Sharan also broke rules to aid the opening of a flying school where his daughter subsequently underwent flying training. It is the first time in the history of DGCA that such major action has been recommended against a top official.\"Two days ago the civil aviation ministry has recommended major penalty proceedings against DGCA joint director general A K Sharan to the Central Vigilance Commission,\" said a ministry official. A major penalty could mean either a dismissal or demotion, he added. A final decision on disciplinary action would be taken by the Union Public Service Commission which appoints personnel for the aviation regulator. Sharan, a DGCA joint director general, is currently under suspension.In two reports published on April 24 and April 27 last year, the TOI had exposed the said joint director general. In response to the TOI reports, the then director general of civil aviation, Bharat Bhushan, ordered a vigilance inquiry against Sharan. The DGCA investigations corroborated TOI report and in May Bhushan wrote to the civil aviation ministry recommending major penalties against Sharan and minor penalties against R K Khanna, who had held charge of the DGCA Chief Examination Officer when he helped Sharan's daughter.The first charge against Sharan was that he influenced a junior DGCA officer to let his daughter, Rashmi, sit for what is called \"special exams\", though she was not eligible to appear for these. Sharan used his position to let her sit for special exams six times to clear three subjects. Following the TOI expose, Bhushan scrapped the practise of holding special exams.The other charge against Sharan was that he favoured a Raipur-based flying school, called Touchwood Aviation, where his daughter underwent her flying training. Investigations revealed that Touchwood was cleared to begin flying training in August 2007 though it did not have a single aircraft or hanger or classroom. Sharan's daughter is currently employed with a low-cost airline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "15397347", "title": "Enough achieved in my one year tenure: Tibetan PM Sangay", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The first non-monk prime minister of the Tibetan government-in-exile and a Harvard scholar will complete a year in office on August 8. The Tibetan prime minister plans to publish his report card before the exiled community on that day.\"I was entrusted with the monumental responsibility of ensuring a smooth transition in the wake of His Holiness the Dalai Lama's historic decision to devolve political power to an elected leadership in March 2011. This is a responsibility that we have handled reasonably well so far, thanks to the unity, solidarity and support from Tibetans in and outside Tibet, and our friends,\" Sangay stated in a statement issued here on Tuesday.Maintaining that the leadership transition coincided with a tumultuous period marked by an unprecedented wave of self-immolations by Tibetans, he said, \"While we urge Tibetans to refrain from such drastic form of protest, we hold the repressive policies of the Chinese government solely responsible for this tragic turn of events.\"Sangay stated that in his one year tenure his colleagues in cabinet have traveled to various countries. \"I have met senior government officials, prominent lawmakers, including the Speaker of the US Congress, well-known media organizations, and other notable world citizens like Nobel Peace Laureates with whom I have highlighted the dire situation in Tibet and sought their support. Important resolutions supporting Tibet and Tibetans were passed in the US Senate and the European Parliament and around 100 Japanese parliamentarians issued a public appeal supporting Tibet,\" said Sangay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396622", "title": "Make new friends for 2014 polls, Sena advises BJP", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray has slammed L K Advani for stating in his latest blog post that the Bharatiya Janata Party-led National Democratic Alliance stood no chance of taking over the reins from the Congress at the Centre in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.Expressing disapproval of the BJP veteran's blog, Thackeray said in a 'Saamna' editorial on Tuesday that the general should not demoralize his soldiers when the bugles are being blown and battle-lines are being drawn.\"There is widespread ire against the Congress in the country. The anger will erupt in the 2014 parliamentary elections and the Congress will be swept out of office. The country is in a state of crisis and uncertainty. The NDA should now guide the nation. However, those leading the NDA should not be diffident,\" said the editorial.Thackeray told Advani not to lose courage. \"If there is paucity of courage in the BJP, Advani can visit Matoshree and take a dollop of courage from us,\" Thackeray said.He said the question of who should be the NDA's prime ministerial candidate can be resolved later; the Narendra Modi-Nitish Kumar dispute centres around the question of prime ministership. The editorial advised the BJP to make new friends in preparation for the 2014 general elections. It said Sharad Pawar's NCP, Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress , M Karunanidhi's Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam and Naveen Patnaik's Biju Janata Dal may join hands with the NDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15395732", "title": "Delhi University promises disabled help with transport", "text": "NEW DELHI: At the orientation of students with disabilities at Delhi University , all were told they would get help with transport, and atleast some were promised a ride on the Gyanodaya Express next time it chugs out of Safdarjung Station \u2014 possibly in October. DU vice chancellor, Dinesh Singh, was present and met each of the 450 students.\"The students raised transportation, financial assistance and accommodation issues,\" said Bipin Tiwari, officer on special duty, Equal Opportunities Cell (EOC) and Deputy Dean in charge of PWD. The VC said university authorities will seek assistance from Delhi government to tackle the problem of transportation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15397094", "title": "Court tells cops to answer queries raised in accused workers' petitions", "text": "GURGAON: The Maruti workers' counsel on Tuesday filed a petition in a city court alleging that Gurgaon police were yet to reply to questions raised in earlier petitions. Police were yet to submit the video-recording of their interrogation of the arrested persons, the labour advisor, advocate Rajendra Pathak, said in his petition.On its part, the court directed police to submit its reply by Wednesday afternoon.In the fresh petition, which was filed in the court of Ms Manvika Banswal, Duty Magistrate/J.M.I.C, Gurgaon, Pathak demanded that the court give directions to the SHO and ACP of the special investigation team (SIT), to file a proper reply to the applications filed by the counsel for the accused and also to give directions to them so as to allow advocates to meet the accused persons while they were in police custody.The counsel mentioned in the petition that the accused applicants were remanded in police custody for seven days from August, 2. The accused had verbally told the counsel to file the application on their behalf for conducting a fair and proper investigation by police, when they were meeting him in court. The accused persons also feared torture in police custody. A brother of an accused, Pawan, had also moved an application for medical examination of Pawan every 48 hours given his health condition.\"Police had given the routine reply that they have no objection to returning the articles taken during the search operation . They have to provide a list of items of the arrested workers who are now 117 in no. Similarly, they have to provide a list of workers who were on duty on July 18, 2012, in 'A', 'B', and 'C' shift,\" Pathak said.Quoting a member of the CPM, Pathak said the Maruti workers' issue would be raised in Parliament by the CPM members on Wednesday. Meanwhile, the 16-member coordination committee of workers' unions met submitted a memorandum to deputy commissioner P C Meena and another memorandum addressed to the chief minister of Haryana.The committee has demanded a CBI inquiry and lifting of the \"illegal\" lockout at the Manesar plant with immediate effect. They also requested the CM to personally intervene in the matter. \"We want Maruti to resume work as early as possible,\" said Kuldeep Janghu, general secretary of Maruti Udyog Kamgar Union (MUKU), Gurgaon plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15396994", "title": "Gangster-nephew hacks rowdy to death", "text": "BANGALORE: Cottonpet, which was just recovering from the shock of the last week's gruesome double murder of an hotelier and his wife, was jolted by another cold-blooded killing on Tuesday. A rowdy-sheeter was hacked to death by his nephew and three others.Kupendra (40) was sitting in front of his house in Anjanappa Garden, when a group of four assailants led by his nephew Surya, also a rowdy-sheeter, came to the spot.A policeman who collected evidence from the spot said: \"Kupendra was sitting on a bench under a tree in front of his house. A car stopped in front of him and four men armed with machetes alighted from it and attacked him.\"Kupendra tried to run into a nearby house. But the assailants chased him to the house and attacked him with machetes.After the 15-minute assault, the culprits fled in the same car after confirming Kupendra was dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15396163", "title": "Liliya Dada and the legend of Keshubhai", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Had he not beaten up a local goon in Rajkot, Keshubhai Patel would probably never have become a politician. In 1965, while cycling back from the RSS shakha in Rajkot, Patel saw Liliya Dada, a notorious goon, extorting money from shopkeepers at Bogha ni Sheri.Patel pulled over. Unlike 100 other bystanders, he tried to intervene. When persuasions didn't work, Patel bashed up Liliya Dada, ending his 'dadagiri'.Two years later, the same shopkeepers approached Patel, who used to run a flour mill in Morbi town, with a request to contest the local body polls.A reluctant Patel agreed to fight from Jan Sangh \u2014 and won convincingly. In 1969, he was made the president of the party's state unit.But, his big day came in 1972 when Patel won assembly elections from two seats \u2014 Rajkot and Wankaner. Jan Sangh came to power and Patel was made irrigation minister in the Babu Jasbhai Patel-led government.Party's main trouble-shooter, Patel was faced with a peculiar problem after swearing in as minister. His wife Leelaben was reluctant to move to the ministerial enclave in Gandhinagar as she did not wish to part with her livestock back home. Patel wasted no time in shifting two buffaloes and a cow from his hometown to his official residence in Gandhinagar. It is for these traits that he is called 'dhartiputra', a son of the soil.After BJP was born in 1980, Patel along with party colleague Shankersinh Vaghela started a hunt for an office that could become their state headquarters. The duo rented a 20x10 ft shop in Ellisbridge shopping complex on Ashram Road for BJP, which had just nine MLAs in the 182-member Gujarat assembly.After six months, the party could not afford a Rs 1,100 per month rent and shifted base to an old house in Khadia before finally moving into its existing office in Khanpur in 1984 \u2014 the party has not lost a single assembly election since then. But they always had Keshubhai.When Patel bashed up Liliya Dada, he was barely 35 years old. At 83, as he set up a new party called the Gujarat Parivartan Party, he sounds like a wounded lion but the voters may be unsure if he still has a fight left in him. Besides, the Dada he confronts this time is no neighbourhood goon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15397481", "title": "School threatens shut down over fee hike if fee hike not approved'", "text": "NASHIK: According to a notice posted by Rasbihari International School (RIS) on notice board on Saturday, the school has declared that it would be closed down from the next academic year over opposition from parents over the school's fee hike. according to a notice pasted by the school management on their notice board on Saturday.The deputy director of education had sent a notice to the school on August 26 after repeated complaints by the parents about the exorbitant hike. The school has been asked to get the fee structure approved within 15 days of receiving the notice. \"The school put up a notice on the notice board of the school on Saturday, saying that the school will be closed down from 2013-14. On Monday, the notice was shifted from to the fee counter. We have given a copy of the notice to the deputy director of education and have asked him to look into the matter,\" said S K Jain, a parent.Deputy director of education Tukaram Supe, said that the school could be shut down provided the authorities furnished proper reasons. \"They have to seek our permission to close down the school and have to give valid reasons,\" said Supe.Education officer of the Nashik Municipal Corporation, Nitin Upasani, elaborated that the school cannot be closed down unless the reasons are grave enough such as unavailability of place or a drastic decline in student numbers. the number of students.\"If it is due to a fee hike that the authorities want to shut down the school due to the fee hike, they cannot do it,\" Upasani said. RIS had allegedly hiked its fees by 60% percentand informed the parents of this on the day of examination results on the result day on April 30 following which the parents organised number of demonstrations and presented memoranda to concerned education officers. On July 26, parentsalong with volunteers of Forum Against Commercialisation of Education (FACE) demanded that the deputy director exercise his duties and issue a notice to the school.The school has been asked to complete formalities within 15 days following the Anti-capitation Fee Act. The school has also been instructed to conduct a proper PTA election, not to make students suffer and to charge 2010-11 fees till new structure is approved.Failure to follow these could result in a police complaint by the parents.Milind Wagh from FACE said that seeking legal help is the last option. \"If after going through all the necessary procedures, the government agencies fail to help us only then we will go to the court because even the court will ask us if we have not pursued it with the governing agency. As far as taking the issue to the police is concerned, that again is our last resort since it is an educational issue. Even if we go to the police, it will be after giving due warning. It is a social issue so we have decided to give the school a chance. If the management does not solve the issue amicably with the parents in a month, we will go to the police,\" said Wagh.Jain said that the parents were prepared for indefinite protests from next month if the school continued with its stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397535", "title": "M S Swaminathan retires from his research foundation, to be adviser", "text": "CHENNAI: After a lifetime of pioneering research and improvements in agriculture, professor M S Swaminathan on Monday retired as chairman of the M S Swaminathan Research Foundation (MSSRF). The news was made public on Tuesday during a foundation day celebration at MSSRF, where it was announced that his daughter Madhura Swaminathan will take over the reins of the institution.\"There was a board meeting held at MSSRF on Monday during which his daughter Madhura stepped up as chairperson while he took on the post of chairman emeritus,\" said a source.This move comes in the wake of his exit from the National Advisory Committee, a think tank set up by Sonia Gandhi , a few months ago. A plant geneticist by training, Swaminathan has been listed by TIME magazine among the 20 most influential Asians of the 20th century, next only to Mahatma Gandhi and Rabindranath Tagore.Labelled the 'father of green revolution', Swaminathan set up the MSSRF for sustainable development in 1988 at the urging of Sir C V Raman. In the past 63 years of his career, Swaminathan has headed several national and international organs including the Indian Council of Agricultural Research as well as the Food and Agricultural Organisation in Rome. He has also chaired various government committees to prepare draft legislation on bio-diversity and farmers' rights.The foundation focuses on food security, gender, rural development, eco technology among others. However, in the past decade, Swaminathan has been laying a lot of emphasis on preparing for climate change. \"He will have no formal responsibilities now,\" said Madhura. \"But he will still be coming in regularly to give advice to the board and the staff.\"Madhura, an economist whose research interests lie in agriculture and food security, is a professor at the Indian Statistical Institute in Kolkata and is also serving on a government committee for long-term grain policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397400", "title": "Suitcase creates bomb scare in Hazratganj area", "text": "LUCKNOW: An unattended suitcase and a briefcase spotted within in Hazratganj within 30 minutes created bomb scare in the busy city area on Tuesday evening. While the suitcase was found unattended near Talwar Petrol pump near Narhi, the briefcase was spotted just adjacent to Halwasiya building on a motorcycle seat in Hazratganj police station area.Taking no chances, the police team alerted bomb disposal squad which rushed to the petrol pump. The anti-terror squad also rushed to the spot to take stock of the situation. The bomb disposal squad members with all protection opened up the suitcase only to find clothes and other stuff of daily use . While the BDS squad was trying to wind up, the news of a briefcase near Halwasiya reached them. The team rushed to Halwasiya and opened the briefcase to find some documents, files and other papers.Later the police said that while the identity of the owner of the suitcase had been ascertained, the owner of the brief case has not been identified. During the search of suitcase, the police found passports of one Dinesh Chaudhary and his wife Shraddha Chaudhary, both residents of Chhattishgarh. The police also found a phone number. On being called up the number which belonged to a person in Jaunpur, the police came to know that Dinesh and Shraddha were his relatives and had gone to Chattishgarh.The police have asked the Jaunpur relative of Dinesh to come and collect the suitcase. The police said that the identity of the owner of briefcase was being ascertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15398046", "title": "Obama pained, calls for \u2018soul searching\u2019", "text": "WASHINGTON: Heartbroken by the killing of Sikhs in a gurdwara, US President Barack Obama has asked Americans to do some \"soul-searching\" and examine ways to reduce violence. \"I think all of us recognize that these kinds of terrible, tragic events are happening with too much regularity for us not to do some soul-searching and to examine additional ways that we can reduce violence,\" he said at the White House.Obama said, \"If it turns out, as some early reports indicate, that it may have been motivated in some way by the ethnicity of those who were attending the temple, I think the American people immediately recoil against those kinds of attitudes. I think it will be important for us to reaffirm once again that, in this country, regardless of what we look like, where we come from, who we worship, we are all one people, and we look after one another and we respect one another,\" he said. P", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15397718", "title": "GS Ramchand: A captain who was ahead of his time", "text": "Is calmness the most important quality for a leader? Or is it an instinct? Or plain decisiveness? People, who have played with former India captain GS Ramchand, say that it is humility.A mind so grounded, a nature devoted to remove problems and a temperament which avoided overconfidence while never losing confidence; Ramchand was the ideal captain.He might not have succeeded regularly as a player but he never allowed his failure to affect the team, a quality which Mike Brearley was also known for. A good all-rounder with a modest heart, Ramchand was much ahead of his time in team building tactics.He belonged to the Sindhi community which surprisingly didn't produce even half-a-dozen Indian international cricketers, though contributing a lot to Pakistan cricket. Some who played for India were Naoomal Jeoomal, G Kishenchand, Paman Punjabi and Narendra Hirwani. Perhaps, Delhi batsman Hari Gidwani could have been added to the list.An interaction with the people who played with Ramchand made clear that he certainly deserved to lead India. At a time when nobody knew what team meeting was, he managed to ward off egos of seniors and got the team together.In the famous win in the Kanpur Test against the Australians, Ramchand's astute captaincy was praised even by the Australians. Nari Contractor who scored 74 says, \"He was a very shrewd captain. In that Kanpur Test, Ramchand changed the end after lunch of Jasu Patel and he took 9 wickets. He kept shuffling the bowlers from the other end. His field placing was precise. After Umrigar had some misunderstanding with the BCCI in the 1958 series against the West Indies, Ramchand ought to have been made captain.\"Known as the best-dressed man of Indian cricket, he played 33 Tests at a time when Test matches were not played at a regular interval. Veteran journalist Dicky Rutnagur can't forget a knock of Ramchand in the Bombay Test against Australia in 1956.\"Lindwall, Crawford and Davidson were moving the ball beautifully. Mankad, Roy , Umrigar, Manjrekar, Ghorpade and Phadkar were back in the pavilion with 140 on the board. Ramchand scored 109 with support from Hemu Adhikari, putting on 95 for the seventh wicket. That was a very responsible knock,\" Rutnagur reminisced.He was a hard-hitting batsman who shred any attack to pieces with a light bat. An ideal for ODI and T20, only the imagination can conjure what he would have done with modern bats.Though he was more of a batsman who could move the ball at a decent pace, in 1959 we watched him run through the Saurashtra side taking 8 for 12. In 20 years of First Class cricket, he played 145 matches with 6,026 runs and took 255 wickets.Ajit Wadekar remembers Ramchand as his first Ranji captain. \"He never cared for the reputation of opposition. In the 1962 Ranji Trophy final against Rajasthan I scored 235 and he scored a century. Among other things he taught me how to eat with fork and knife and that too on the first day of my Ranji debut.\" Abbas Ali Baig says he was a very good host and a wonderful human being.To him, cricket continued to be a passion even after retirement. If anyone wanted to discuss cricket, Ramchand would easily be accessible.Former India batsman Yajurvindra Singh lives in the same apartment that Ramchand used to once reside in. \"Ramchand never minced words. Even so, it has to be said that he was humble and was shy of publicity. So humble he was that some years ago in a function, he was seen collecting autographs of current cricketers for his niece.Suddenly a man walked up to him and said: \"Sir, my name is Mark Taylor . I am here to receive an award on behalf of my team. Can I shake the hand of the man who led India to their first win over us in 1959?\"This incident moved Ramchand. He was surprised at that regard itself. Perhaps the mark of great people is that they never realize how great they are.And perhaps this groundedness is why they become great in the first place and continue to be an inspiration. Ramchand was certainly an inspiration as a player, a leader and a person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397478", "title": "Shivpal blames Nepal for flood-like situation in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as major rivers in the state remained above the danger mark following heavy rain in Uttarakhand and Nepal as well as some parts of UP, state minister for irrigation, Shivpal Singh Yadav said that release of water by Nepal into rivers originating from there is a major cause of flood-like situation in east UP.According to Central Water Commission, Sharda at Palia Kalan, Ghaghra at Elgin Bridge, Ayodhya and Turtipar, Rapti at Balrampur and Burrhi Rapti at Kakrahi continued to flow above the danger mark. Major amount of rainfall recorded (in cm) is: Moth-7, Muzaffarnagar-5, Agra, Mauranipur and Katerniaghat-4 each, Robertganj, Churk, Jaunpur, Lalganj, Jhansi, Mahroni, Garotha, Atrauli and Mawana-3 each.The Met department said heavy rain and thundershowers are likely to continue at many places in west Uttar Pradesh and at a few places in the state's eastern region in the next 24 hours.Meanwhile, Yadav undertook an aerial survey of the flood-affected eastern districts and directed administrative officials to launch relief measures for villages inundated by swollen rivers.Later, he told reporters that the flood-like situation in the area was because of Nepal releasing water into the rivers without informing the authorities in the state. He said that the release of water in Burrhi Rapti, Baan Ganga Kurra, and Ghonghi rivers had led to floods in Naugarh, Shohratgarh, Itwa and Bansi areas of the state.He said that in order to find a permanent solution to the problem, the issue would be taken up with the neighbouring country. If required, the Centre would be requested to play the role of intermediary, he added.On other hand, two children, aged between three and five years, were killed in Kaushambi when the wall of their house collapsed in a village due to rain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15398075", "title": "Re-opened Sweeney case now with CBI", "text": "MAPUSA: The case of UK national Denyse Sweeney, who collapsed and died at a night club at Anjuna in April 2010, is likely to be referred to the CBI, police sources said.Even though the police had ruled out any foul play and had registered it as a case of drug overdose, the case was recently reopened because of doubts raised by Denyse's sisters Maureen and Marion, who claimed their sister was murdered.Maureen and Marion had alleged laxity on the part of the Goa police in investigating the death after the inquest at the Derby coroner's court revealed no illegal substances in Denyse's system after her death.Police sources still maintain that despite re-examining \"almost all the witnesses in the case, they rule out any foul play in her death\". The police said that Maureen would be called to Goa to give her statement in the case.Denyse, 34, a charity worker from Derby, England, was transferred to a private hospital after she collapsed in Anjuna but died on the same day while undergoing treatment.The case has been reopened and registered under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15397294", "title": "Dakshina Kannada institution makes bindi, bangles a must", "text": "MANGALORE: Even before the furore created by a ban on burqa and hijab in classrooms could die down, an educational institution in Dakshina Kannada district has stirred a hornet's nest by mandating women - students, teachers and staff - to wear bangles and sport bindi on campus.The administrative board of Vivekananda Vidyavardhaka Sangha (VVS), Puttur, which runs several institutions, has circulated a notice directing the heads of its institutions to ensure the decision is implemented.The May 25 notice mandates that uniform should be compulsory, and women must wear bangles and tilak on the premises.The administrative board has directed the institution heads to implement the diktat from the next academic year.VVS secretary E Shivaprasad told TOI that the rules have been introduced to ensure discipline on the campuses. \"We have institutions from LKG to engineering. Rules regarding uniform are compulsory in all our institutions. Wearing bangles and tilak is not a compulsory rule. Girls and women staffers from other religions may take their own decision. We will not take action against such women who do not wear bangles and tilak,\" he said.The decision of Vivekananda Vidyavardhaka Sangha has drawn flak.Federation of Rationalists Associations of India president Narendra Nayak said nobody can impose religious symbolism on another. \"If this is allowed, then tomorrow Christian and Muslim institutions' managements will introduce their rules,\" he added.Shameera Jahan, deputy coordinator of the women's wing of Jamaate-Islami Hind, called the VVK directive an attack on religious freedom. \"They cannot make wearing bangles and tilak compulsory in institutes where students belong to different religions study. There are many institutions run by Muslim managements in the district where burqa is uniform. They allow students of other religions to wear the dress of their choice.\" Writer and progressive thinker Sara Aboobaker said imposing religious practices on others will amount to violation of the Constitution. \"If the institute makes the rule mandatory, it's condemnable.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15395995", "title": "Thirteen routes through Bangladesh identified for travel to northeast", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal, Assam, Mizoram, Meghalaya and Tripura have identified 13 road routes either through Dhaka or connecting the Bangladeshi capital to push trade in the region. India and Bangladesh are likely to formulate policies and finalize protocols for smooth movement of traffic and cargo across the border.The draft agreement, which has already been shared with the Bangladeshi government, says it will apply to road transport by cargo, passenger and personal vehicles registered in either India or Bangladesh.The routes recommended by Indian states include Agartala-Dhaka-Kolkata, Shillong-Tamabil (Dawki)-Sylhet-Dhaka, Baghmara-Durgapur-Halughat-Mymensingh-Dhaka, Guwahati-Shillong-Tamabil (Dawki)-Sylhet-Dhaka and Dhuburi-Golakganj-Sonarhat-Kurigram-Rangpur-Dhaka.Sources said once the two governments sign the agreement after finalizing the protocol, the travel time from Kolkata to Agartala will become a lot shorter.Now, vehicles take a long route to reach Tripura from West Bengal. \"Once the agreement is signed, Indian vehicles can use roads via Dhaka, which will drastically reduce the travel time. Besides, it will provide connectivity to the Trans-Asian highway,\" an official said.Highways secretary A K Upadhyaya said, \"Bangladesh is working on the protocol on the transit points and how to deal with the situation in case there is an accident.\"India and Bangladesh will hold a technical-level meeting to address remaining issues. \"We have shared the draft agreement with our Bangladeshi counterpart,\" Upadhyaya said.This move is part of the bilateral trade agreement signed between India and Bangladesh in March 2006.As per the proposed draft agreement, passenger, cargo and personal vehicles will be allowed to ply across the border only through authorized operators on reciprocal basis.\"A vehicle of one country after entering into the other country shall return immediately to exit the latter country after unloading and/or loading cargo or disembarkation of passengers,\" a ministry note said.Each Indian state has recommended the entry and exit points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "15396488", "title": "Sahitya Akademi awardee passes away", "text": "ADILABAD: Literary giant Samala Sadasiva Master, who earned a place in the hearts of Telugus across the world with his works, passed away here on Tuesday morning. The retired teacher, who devoted his life to literature, died of a heart attack at his residence around 8 am. He was 84. His work 'Swaralayalu' on Hindustani classical music in 2008 won him the prestigious Sahitya Akademi award last year in 2011.He was born on May 11, 1928, at Telugupalle village in Dahegaon mandal in Adilabad district. A noted scholar, writer and historian, Sadasiva Master stormed the literary world with his 'Yadi' book. His famous works include 'Malayamarutalu' and 'Sangitashikharalu'.Sadasiva Master, who began his literary career at a young age of 20, wrote 425 books in Telugu, Marathi, Persian and other languages. He was the one who got a lesson on Girijan leader Komaram Bheem included in the school syllabus of students.A man well versed in Sanskrit, Urdu, Persian, Marathi, Hindi, English and Telugu, Sadasiva Master was awarded doctorates by Kakatiya and other universities. \"He translated the Rubais of Amjad from Persian to Telugu. He also wrote a biography of Mirza Ghalib,\" a veteran author recalled.The entire literature circle in Telangana region expressed shock over the death of Sadasiva Master. They paid glowing tributes to the Master.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15396674", "title": "Mob assaults TC, detains train at Khar", "text": "MUMBAI: A mob of commuters assaulted a ticket checker, vandalized the ticket inspector's office and detained a train for a few minutes at Khar station on Tuesday. Four persons, including a minor, were later arrested by the Government Railway Police (GRP).The ticket checker, Swapnil Pawar, had caught a passenger for travelling in the first class compartment of a Churchgate-bound local, despite his season pass having expired. Pawar escorted the passenger from the foot over bridge, where he was caught, to the inspector's office. A fine of Rs 330 was levied and a receipt was issued to him around 2.40pm. WR officials said the passenger who had been fined instigated the mob that went on a rampage inside the ticket inspector's office, damaging furniture and breaking a telephone. They also allegedly manhandled Pawar.\"The mob proceeded towards the railway tracks and attempted to detain a Borivli-bound local (BO-570) by blocking its path. The train was stalled for three minutes from 2.58 to 3.01pm. GRP personnel, who had learnt about the incident by then, rushed to the spot and took four of the accused into custody. The rest of them fled, but we will go through the visuals captured on the CCTVs installed on the platform in a bid to identify them,\" said GRP senior inspector V Dhopavkar. There were no CCTVs installed inside the ticket inspector's office, so the goings-on there cannot be verified independently by the GRP.The accused were identified as Ganesh Ganve, 27, Sagar Jaitpal, 27, Nilesh Tandae, 33. The fourth is a minor. The accused have been booked under the IPC for unlawful assembly, rioting and assaulting a public servant, besides provisions of the Railway Act.GRP officials, however, said the passenger who was penalized as his season pass had expired, was not acquainted with the mob and did not provoke them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15397090", "title": "Bhanuda letters at Ranu museum", "text": "KOLKATA: Imagine the thrill of beholding in original the letters written to 'Ranu' and signed off by her 'Bhanuda'! The fragile documents, some fragmented at the folds, some worth handling only through acid-free papers, unfold not just the affection between Rabindranath Tagore and Lady Ranu Mukherjee. They also dispel the fear - or allegation - of their being \"missing\" or \"stolen\" from the Academy of Fine Arts (AFA) Museum.These are not the only priceless effects in the collection that have been bearing the brunt of infighting among two factions of Executive Committee members who were elected in 2004 to head the 85-year art institution.Also subjected to heat, dust, and security concerns are exquisite Balucharis, Benarasis and Dhakais, elegantly cut blouses and jackets, jamewars and pashmina shawls - all from the Lady's wardrobe; Japanese woodcut, aquatints and watercolours by British artists, artefacts crafted in metal and wood by folk artists, along with sculptures and paintings on canvas by contemporary masters Abanindrananth, GNT, Hemen Mazumdar, Atul Bose, Nandalal, Husain, Raza, Ara, Bendre, Hebbar, Laxman Pai, Govardhan Ash, J P Gangooly, Jamini, Nirode Mazumdar, Gopal Ghosh, Sunil Pal, G R Santosh, Swaminathan...Last week this writer had secured entry into the museum that would be sealed after every visit by the AFA curator. On Tuesday, to mark the 71st death anniversary of Tagore, the Rabindra Gallery was thrown open to the public by AFA president S B Ganguli.This wing displays a sizable collection of Tagore paintings along with the lock of hair he had gifted to Lady Ranu on her wedding, his cap, personal robes, first copies of books gifted by him, pens and other effects. Some of the best examples of Tagore's unique paintings in coloured ink, and possibly lead, these Tagores were restored, remounted on acid-free paper and reframed exactly a year ago for the display that marked 150 years' celebration.Last week a candle light vigil was held at AFA to demand the immediate opening of the museum. \"Already a lot of damage has been done to the priceless collection,\" demonstrators, led by AFA vice-president Jahar Dasgupta and joint secretary Bulbul Roy, had stressed. The art fraternity also feared that AFA would not get the Rs 5 crore sanctioned for renovation of the museum.Ironically, the museum was closed when Bulbul Roy had alleged in a newspaper article dated May 9, 2007, that the manuscript of 'Bhanusingher Patrabali' was missing. These letters, written by Tagore to Lady Ranu, were published under the above title as the Nobel laureate had signed off as 'Bhanuda'. Besides, 22 paintings of Benode Behari were also reported to be missing.However, \"no proof of theft nor any basis for her claim was cited at the time,\" said Ashoke Mukherjee of Sonodyne, who chairs the board of trustees. Still, reacting to the allegation, the board which also includes S K Roy of Peerless, Shanta Ghosh of BCI, Kallol Dutta of Andrew Yule, Dipankar Chatterjee of L B Jha &amp; Co, and art critic Pranab Ranjan Roy, had closed the museum overnight.While the vigil was on, the AFA curator Amitava Das had pointed out that \"the museum is not entirely closed - regular cleaning and airing of the collection has been going on\". Though not open for general viewing, research scholars and foreign visitors were admitted under the supervision of the curator who is assisted by Mrs Chakraborty, a former employee of Indian Museum. \"Restoration and cataloguing are on with the help of experts from Visva Bharati, Rabindra Bharati University and Indian Museum,\" they told TOI.The inventory process has thrown up surprises other than the 'stolen' Patrabali. For example, not only the 22 Benode Beharis feared missing but four other works by the Bengal Master have been found in the collection that is still being reconciled. \"The Museum register entry shows 1,867 paintings. Of these 1,704 have been counted and documented, while 163 still await the process. After this we will be left with carpets, tapestry and other artefacts, estimated at 1,128,\" said Ashoke Mukherjee. The unregistered objects, including the four Benode Beharis found, number 242.\"There may be 1% or 2% variation (from the register) after reconciliation,\" Mukherjee added. This is because \"Lady Ranu often received gifts, and herself gifted things from her collection.\" In 1971, for example, she gifted a Tagore painting to Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman at the spur of the moment. \"Not everything was entered in the register,\" explained Mukherjee and Das.Again, when the Bengal government had held a centenary exhibition to mark the Benode Behari centenary at Gaganendra Pradarshashala, \"four paintings were loaned by AFA museum,\" Das said. \"The register entry shows these were duly returned. What is surprising is that the acquisition register showed only four Benode Beharis - it never showed the 22 that were alleged missing and have now been found,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15396634", "title": "Mobile courts to be held in Haryana for disabled", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Aiming to facilitate disabled persons in getting their problems resolved and get their cases settled, Mobile Courts will be organized at all the district headquarters in Haryana.While stating this on Tuesday, Shashi Bharat Bhushan, State Commissioner for Persons with Disability, who is on tour to Sirsa, said that the disabled persons had to go to Chandigarh in connection with petty cases and as such they had to face a lot of problems.Keeping in view the problems of such persons, it has been decided to organise mobile courts at all district headquarters where senior officers of all the departments would be present to sort out their problems on the spot.Meanwhile, Bhushan conducted surprise check of the government aided institutions being run in Sirsa to help the disabled.He inspected Disha, Sharavanvani Disabled Centre and Bhai Kanhaiya Ashram being run in Sirsa city.After inspection, he expressed his satisfaction over the facilities being provided to the inmates in these institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15400697", "title": "Gurudwara attack: This white man in uniform becomes hero of the Sikhs", "text": "JALANDHAR: Lt. Brian Murphy of US police has become a hero of the Sikh community across the world. A Face book page \"Wisconsin Sikh Temple Cop Brian Murphy Thank You Page\" has gone viral on net and comments are raining with people from across the world showering praises on Murphy and praying for his speedy recovery.The US police official had sustained serious bullet injuries as he confronted the assailant who was firing at Sikhs in Oak Creek Gurudwara. Sikhs from across the world have posted messages on the page - projecting and considering him the real hero expressing gratitude towards him from the entire community and eulogizing him as a real hero.The Sikhs have been joined by members of other religions, communities, nationalities and ethnicities also in thanking Lt Brian Murphy.\"We the Sikhs from all over the world thank you for your courage and bravery You sir are a true American hero. We pray for your speedy recovery and thank you for your service to Oak creek police department you are an angel sent that day to save many life's. God bless you and your family and We thank Oak Creek police Department and everybody involved in general We feel Proud to be American Sikhs\" reads the beginning message on the page - launched on Monday and it has already got around 13,000 likes.\"I cannot thank you enough officer Brian Murphy! You are not just my hero, but also hero of over 24 million people worldwide! Waheguru Mehar (God Bless),\" wrote Vanmeet Talwar.\"The brave cop who was shot nine times and told fellow officers to help other Wisconsin shooting victims first, is getting the hero's recognition he deserves,\" posted Anish Gupta on the page.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15395504", "title": "Cops clueless about third robber, alert in commercial areas", "text": "NOIDA: The Gautam Budh Nagar police are yet to find a clue regarding the third criminal involved in the robbery and shootout case at the GIP Mall in which two people were seriously wounded and a constable escaped with minor injuries. Police have taken the CCTV footage from the mall authorities into their custody and are scanning it to nab the absconding criminal.Police say that they will have to wait till until the robbery mastermind Vikram and his accomplice Guddu recover. They have been admitted in a city hospital after nearly being lynched by bystanders who caught them and handed them to the cops.\"We have recovered the countrymade pistols, ammunition, money bag and motorbike from the accused. We have many leads, but there is no specific evidence to nab the third gangster, Babu, who managed to escape,\" said Yogesh Singh, SP (City).\"We are investigating Vikram as he seems to have planned the entire operation. His role is important as he was a former employee at one of the mall showrooms,\" Singh said.Store employees revealed that Vikram worked as a salesperson at a home retailing store from March 2011 to March 2012. \"His job profile gave him the opportunity to observe cash collection by the agency every day. Vikram seemed like any other young person in his 20s,\" said a store employee.Meanwhile, the Gautam Budh Nagar police have posted a permanent patrol van and additional beat constables outside the mall. An alert has been sounded in the commercial areas. \"We have identified three areas under the jurisdiction of every police station which witness large cash transactions daily. These areas will be monitored and patrolled during sensitive hours by the circle officers,\" the SP (City) said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15397977", "title": "Poverty drives another young girl to end life", "text": "NAGPUR: A series of suicides over unstable financial situation within last some months have shown that poverty is a still a grim reality for many. That all three were young girls means they bear the brunt of it. Sita Parmar, 20, whose suicide was noticed in the wee hours of Tuesday at her rented room at Shesh Nagar, apparently ended her life because of financial distress.In June, Rupali Dhomde's suicide at Gajanan Nagar too was linked to poverty. In November last year, Geeta Raut had ended life at her Dipty Signal home after her family failed to marry her off due to financial constraints. Rupali and Geeta were also of the same age as Sita.A family source claimed Sita had asked for Rs 200 from a relative who could not help the girl. All the relative could do was give her some food. In the night, Sita told her brother that some guests wee expected at home and he should sleep outside. Later, Sita's body was seen hanging by her landlady's daughter shortly after Monday midnight when she peeped through the window. Sita had used a dupatta to hang herself from the ceiling fan. Her feet had touched the floor by the time she was being spotted.The landlord alerted police control room. Cops from Hudkeshwar Police station broke open the door and retrieved Sita's body. She was sent to Government medical college and hospital. There was no suicide note in the room. It is learnt Sita was struggling to make the ends meet. With parents away in Chennai to earn livelihood, Sita was staying with her younger brother Raju.Unfortunately, parents could not provide the siblings an opportunity of getting educated. Crippled by poverty, their condition worsened as parents' could not provide them support. Their uneducated status meant they could not find a job too. Raju earned some meagre amount by working at a catering company whenever they had an order to meet.Sita's parents are learnt to be on the way from Chennai. Hudkeshwar police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "15396713", "title": "Youth killed in Kashmir 'sectarian' clash", "text": "SRINAGAR: A 20-year-old college student was killed and two injured in a sectarian clash at Sindhbal in Jammu &amp; Kashmir's Ganderbal district on Monday night. This is the first such clash reported from Kashmir.Reports said Shabir Ahmad Bhat was critically wounded and later died after followers of the Deobandi sect, owing allegiance to Jamaat-e-Islami group, clashed with the rival Barelvi sect over the use of loudspeaker at a local mosque.But Jamaat-e-Islami spokesman Zahid Ali blamed the ruling National Conference for the killing. He said 20 supporters of the party had attacked worshippers when they were praying at the mosque. \"The attackers carrying rods and canes were led by the local sarpanch,\" he said. \"It seemed that the attackers had been waiting for their chance. That is why they struck when worshippers went into sajda (kneeling to the ground),\" he said.National Conference leader G A Saloora blamed Jamaat supporters for the trouble. Chief Minsiter Omar Abdullah represents Ganderbal in the state assembly.SP Ganderbal Shahid Meraj said the two sects used to offer prayers separately at different times at the same mosque. He denied reports that curfew had been imposed in the area but said police have been deployed to avert further clashes.Police said they have registered a murder case and arrested one person. Four others were detained for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15397942", "title": "Colleagues take over fight for philosophy", "text": "TRICHY: The fasting by three professors against the National College's alleged refusal to admit students to its philosophy programme reached an anti-climax on Tuesday as the Association of University Teachers (AUT), which spearheaded the agitation for the revival of philosophy as a course of study, goaded the lone professor S Gunasekharan to give up his indefinite fast. \"AUT state president K Pandiyan gave me a glass of orange juice in the morning, persuading me to end the fast as my condition was fast deteriorating,\" Gunasekaran told TOI from his bed at Devi Hospital in Srirangam. Meanwhile, the National College unit of AUT launched an indefinite \"sitting strike\" until the six students were admitted to the philosophy course.Gunasekaran, a father of two daughters who are in the seventh and fifth standards respectively, continued his fast for the seventh day on Tuesday, after two of his fasting colleagues - Dr T Seshasayee, 56, and Dr R Prabhakar, 49 - collapsed on Monday and were later admitted to hospital. The college management, the recuperating professor said, refused to accept our demand and he was overcome by the fear that the inevitable might happen since it was for the first time ever he was sitting on fast. \"However, I did want to continue the fast, come what may, but my colleagues persuaded me to give it up after promising that they would continue the strike in a different form,\" Gunasekaran said.Meanwhile, Pandiyan said as many as 34 AUT members of National College sat in the \"sitting strike\" without attending classes. \"This form of strike will continue within the college premises until the management admits the students,\" he said.The secretary of the college, Ragunathan, told TOI that he would cut the teachers' pay if they took leave to continue their struggle. Ragunathan said he was not against philosophy and was even ready to start a department for that. \"All I want is that philosophy teachers teach the subject to students of Tamil, History and Economics, who have taken philosophy as a non-elective major. Is it asking for too much?\" Ragunathan questioned. On the contrary, the philosophy professors insisted that they would teach only to students of MA philosophy and BA philosophy, which is not acceptable, Ragunathan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "gurgaon/chandigarh", "code": "15397155", "title": "Centre okays Metro link to Bahadurgar", "text": "GURGAON/CHANDIGARH: The Union government on Tuesday approved the extension ofMetro rail connection from Mundka (Delhi) to Bahadurgarh (Haryana), giving a third such link in the NCR of Haryana.The approval was accorded at a high-level empowered group of ministers meeting, headed by Union defence minister A K Antony in New Delhi. Gurgaon and Faridabad are the other two Haryana cities connected with national capital by Metro rail.Union finance minister P Chidambram, urban development minister Kamal Nath , minister Praful Patel , Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and deputy chairman of Planning Commission, Montek Singh Ahluwalia attended the meeting.The route length of Delhi Metro from Mundka to Bahadurgarh, Haryana will be 11.182 kms that would cost Rs 1,991 crore. Seven metro stations would be set up at Mundka Industrial Area, Ghevra, Tikri Kalan, Tikri Border, Modern Industrial Estate, Bahadurgarh Bus Stand and City Park between Mundka and Bahadurgarh. The construction work of the extension project will start later this year and would be completed by March, 2016.Haryana segment of the approved extension would be 4.875 kms while Delhi segment would be 6.307 kms. Of the total project cost, Rs 912 crore will be for the Haryana segment whereas Rs 1,079 crore will be spent on Delhi segment. Haryana government will bear expenses of Rs 788 crore for the project and would also provide 10 hectares of land for constructing a Metro depot.On completion in 2016, it will provide commuting facilities to about 96,000 passengers from Bahadurgarh to Delhi and vice-versa. By 2021-2022, this figure is likely to go up to 1,48,000, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15397293", "title": "Kerala police team hunting for \u2018Aadu\u2019 Antony grills 3 in TN", "text": "CHENNAI: The Special Investigation Team of Kerala police has grilled three people \u2014 a man and a woman from Chennai and another man from Thiruvannamalai \u2014 one of whom might have sold a car to 'Aadu' Antony. Antony is accused of stabbing a police constable to death in Kollam district of Kerala on June 25.Their statements will be recorded within a week and submitted before the court hearing the matter, a police officer said. The team which came to Chennai looking for Antony after the murder of constable Manian Pillai at Paripally railway junction, found that the car which he used to travel in Kerala was bought from Chennai.Sources said that Antony, who abandoned the car near Ayiroor, had bought the car from a woman who lives in George Town.\"Antony bought the Maruthi Omni van for 55,000 in November 2011. He used different number plates to evade arrest. He submitted his ID proof to buy the car from a woman, a native of Andhra Pradesh, who now lives in George Town ,\" said an investigating officer.Before Antony bought the car, the vehicle had changed hands three times. \"They may not have any direct link with Antony, but we may find some new links. So we need to record their statement,\" the officer added.Meanwhile, the special investigation team has served a look-out notice in Mumbai and Andhra Pradesh for Antony as AP police suspect that he may be responsible for stabbing to death three people in a bus last week.A police team of Andhra police, which went to Kerala, collected fingerprints and photographs of Antony. They are now comparing them with the 36 fingerprints obtained from the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15397459", "title": "'Power'ful lobby short-circuits CM's plans?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Are the energy department brass powerful enough to dispose what chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had proposed? The UP Power Corporation Ltd's decision to review the blacklisting of companies which supplied faulty transformers says so as the action was taken against them in June only after the chief minister had ordered so.Blaming faulty transformers for the power crisis that gripped the state in the peak of summers, the chief minister, after a review meeting on June 26, had ordered action against the companies which fed the UPPCL with faulty transformers. Accordingly, nine companies whose fault rates were high were blacklisted within the next three days. Now, more than two months later, the power department officials say that those companies had not actually been 'blacklisted'.\"They had been served a show-cause notice. It is only after hearing them we will be able to take a decision on whether they should be blacklisted or not,'' said principal secretary, energy, Anil Kumar Gupta, who is also UPPCL chairman.Interestingly, Akhilesh Yadav, after the June 26 review meeting, had asked the PCL brass to blacklist all such companies which had been supplying poor quality transformers. The very same day, the corporation issued a press release saying that it had blacklisted six companies -- PME Noida, RTS Jaipur, Technocrat, Accurate, PP Industries and Swaska.Two days later, on June 28, UPPCL issued another press release that said three more companies -- Modern transformers, Laxmi Transformers and East India Industries - had been blacklisted. This was followed by a directive from the UP Electricity Regulatory Commission on July 3, which advised UPPCL not to revoke the blacklisting of the above nine companies.On July 4, Akhilesh went on record saying that there were irregularities in purchase of transformers during the BSP regime. \"In place of good quality transformers, those of poor quality were purchased by the previous BSP government. In Gorakhpur alone, 700 transformers got damaged in three months only,\" Yadav had said. \"Action has been taken against officials and firms responsible for supply of poor quality transformers and more action will follow,\" he had told a media.Now, the latest developments on this front imply two things: despite the chief minister reiterating that stern action was to be taken against the erring transformer companies, they had been served just the show-cause notice. Or, they had been blacklisted as per the CM's order, but UPPCL officials are now going to get that decision reviewed through a panel of experts.Gupta maintains that the government will ensure that 'injustice is not done to anyone'. \"We need to check all records before taking any decision,'' he said. Officials in the know of the procedure said that show-cause notice happens to be the first step in getting the erring companies blacklisted. The matter then moves in the court of the quality control committee of the UPERC, which is a statutory body.Gupta, who is also chairman of UPPCL, however, maintained that the committee constituted to assess the records and recommend action against the companies, will continue to function. Interestingly, the UP electricity regulatory commission has already refused to be part of the committee.Speculations were also rife that GP Singh, the former chairman of an undivided UP state electricity board (UPSEB), too may not join the committee. When TOI contacted Singh, he said: \"I have neither refused to be part of the committee nor have I confirmed it.'' At present an adviser with the Jaypee Group, Singh said the corporation should have sought the permission of the UP chief minister before setting up any such committee. Gupta, however, said that they would look for some other agencies to be a part of the panel in case people do not come forth.This is not all. UPPCL director (finance) SK Agarwal, in his letter to the UPERC chairman, Rajesh Awasthi, on Monday, too said that the reports - on the basis of which a decision to blacklist the companies was taken -- from various distribution companies on the quality of transformers, were apparently wrong. \"We have been told 'verbally' by distribution companies that the reports carried some mistakes,'' Agarwal said in his letter.Officials in the energy department do admit that a power lobby of some transformer companies was working overtime to scuttle UP chief minister decision to blacklist them. The development hasn't amused the experts who insist that quality of transformers is the first step to ensure proper distribution of power. \"That is what the state government wanted to do soon after coming to power. But now it seems things have come to a grinding halt,'' said a senior official in UPPCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15396223", "title": "ECIL housing society's layout to be revised after 35 years", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a rare case, 35 years after a layout was approved, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has been directed to revise the layout.Revision of the layout has been necessitated as the urban development authority had included over four acres land belonging to private parties included in the layout of ECIL Employees' Housing Cooperative Society Ltd (ECEC HCS Ltd).The Vigilance and Enforcement (V&E;) department, which inquired into the issue, has recently directed the principal secretary of municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department to instruct the HMDA to revise the layout and also take action against persons responsible for inclusion of the excess land.Officials said ECEC HCS Ltd had purchased 111.52 acres land in survey numbers 461 to 469 acres in Kapra village for the purpose of a housing project. The society applied for layout approval for 1,037 houses in 113 acres with the erstwhile Hyderabad Urban Development Authority (Huda) in November 1977.The erstwhile Huda approved the layout (File No 116/zom/huda/1977) to an extent of 116.38 acres in February, 1978 without verifying the relevant registered documents and land records. The layout was sanctioned based on the application by the housing society.Interestingly, the housing society sought some modifications in the layout in 1979 which was also approved by the authority. During that time too no verification was done by the planning staff of the Huda.The issue came to light after one A Venkateshwara Rao, adjacent land owner, lodged a complaint with Vigilance and Enforcement (V&E;) department stating that ECEC HCS Ltd had grabbed 4.86 acres of government land.HMDA officials admitted that the layout was cleared without conducting physical survey and even they did not verify the sale deed. The HMDA officials informed that while the society sought approval for 45.73 hectares, the layout was cleared for 47.09 hectares (116 acres) erroneously.ECEC HCS Ltd said more land was shown due to certain categories of plots marked on the layout, some land not registered to the society has been accounted and some land left by vendors towards possible measuring errors. Meanwhile, there was a legal battle between some individuals and society over the land.Finally, the inquiry revealed that no government land was encroached, but an extent of 4.13 acres land belonging to neighboring societies was included in the layout of ECEC HCS Ltd. It said that all the open spaces of the society were handed over to the municipality for development.\"The additional 4.13 acres are part of survey numbers 466, 459 and 463 as per the report of the Assistant Director of Survey and Land Settlement records,\" a senior vigilance official said. Officials said inclusion of additional land was a technical defect, but it recommended disciplinary action against Huda officials who dealt with the files and gave approvals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15399758", "title": "Vidya Balan says goodbye to saree", "text": "At least for Raj Kumar Gupta's Ghanchakkar, wherein she plays a vibrant housewifeVidya Balan and a saree had become synonymous. Be it in films, events, award functions or even Bollywood parties, the actress would drape herself in the nine yards that had more or less become her uniform. And thus, to see the woman in anything but a saree, was refreshing.Dolled up by her designer Subarna Ray Chaudhari, in a harem salwar, a black and blue distress tee-shirt and rubber sandals, Vidya looked every bit the Punjabi homemaker she plays in Raj Kumar Gupta's next, Ghanchakkar. Add to that, she was in an extremely playful mood when we met her on the sets of the film at Essel Studio, Trombay. Here's what transpired...While everybody was ready to roll - lead actor Emraan Hashmi even rubbed his hands in glee, proclaiming, \"Time to kick off a new venture. Exciting!\" - Vidya wasn't too sure. Reason: she saw a cat. . \"Cats are indeed scary. I am sure you know of many people who are petrified of cats. Shut the door,\" she demanded a quick removal of the animal before stepping in.Interestingly, both the actors, till a couple of years back had to put up with either actors refusing to work with them or scathing articles in the media about their fashion sense.\"It's not easy for actors like Vidya and I, who often swam against the tide. Till date, I don't see myself in the kind of cinema, which is reassuring for certain figures,\" quipped Emraan. And we understood why The Dirty Picture jodi had instantly clicked.Director's Cut While Emraan reflected on their careers, director Rajkumar Gupta, who had thus far made social dramas like Aamir and No One Killed Jessica entered the sets. \"Emraan is a brilliant actor and Vidya is an ocean of talent. I am so happy that I am working with those people who I wanted on this project,\" he told us and surprised us by revealing, \" Ghanchakkar is a comedy. It gives me a big kick to get into a space, which neither my two lead actors nor I have really indulged in before. Writer Parvez Sheikh had given me the story of Ghanchakkar much before I completed No One Killed Jessica . But I didn't know whether I would translate it into a film. He has co-written the film and it flowed beautifully.\"Emraan, whose last film Shanghai met with mixed response sounded confident about this UTV Motion Pictures venture. \"Sections of the trade were very unfair. But I was very happy with Shanghai . Ghanchakkar will be a masala entertainer that you have not witnessed before. I have an aversion for slapstick comedies. Thankfully, Ghanchakka r has comic elements that don't feed you with buffoonery. I would rather see a cartoon instead,\" said he.With this, we moved on to the scene that was about to be shot. \"This studio houses the home where Vidya and Emraan are staying temporarily,\" explained the director and Vidya interrupted, \"Watch him direct. He sits before the monitor with his hands posing as scissors and then he shouts 'Cut' and does a 'Scissor' sign.\" As soon as the scene begins, we realise how right the actress was. By this time, we are dying to know whether the 'serial-kisser' Emraan and ' ooh-la-la ' Vidya will have some steamy scenes to share this time around. \"Of course,\" Gupta ended the suspense and added, \"They have to behave as husband and wife na?\"Colourful Woman Ghanchakkar is a quirky film that narrates the tale of Emraan, an ex-conman who is laid back and has a taste for finer things in life. And his ambitious Punjabi wife, Vidya, who has her own notions about the world. \" She wants a better life. Every woman wants a better life. I play someone jiska sapna hai ki uska pati use kabhi Europe ghumane le jayega .She is a colourful Punjabi housewife. Colourful in terms of her personality. A mast character,\" Vidya explains her character with much gutso. \"That man has an edge. His sense of humour is quirky. He knows how to tell a story. He is open to improvisations. What better environment you need,\" she adds about Gupta, who will be directing her for the second time. As we were about to leave the set, we learnt that designer Chaudhary is in hospital. \"Her fever is not going down. It would have been great to have her here. I am sure she'll join us soon,\" added Vidya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-08"}
