{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589301", "title": "Positive attitude wins over cancer gene", "text": "BANGALORE: She lost her mother to breast cancer at the age of 14. A few years later, her maternal aunt passed away due to ovarian cancer. Many members from her maternal grandfather's family were diagnosed with various types of cancers. At 67, Shalini Shenoy (in pic), a resident of RMV Layout, has been diagnosed with a rare mutation in BRCA 1 gene, which leads to loss of function in the BRCA 1 gene (gene responsible for development of ovarian and breast cancer) and makes the person susceptible to cancer. Doctors examining Shenoy say every cell of her body had this abnormal gene mutation, which pre-disposes her to breast or ovarian cancer , but thanks to her healthy lifestyle and positive attitude, she has managed to ward of the disease till date.Studies have shown that when a woman is diagnosed with breast cancer, she has various mutations in tumor (somatic mutation) - localized to the tumor area. In Shenoy's case, the gene mutation was found in all cells of the body i.e. germ line mutation (wide spread in all cells), but the cells have not yet turned cancerous.Explains Dr Amit Varma, consultant, cancer geneticist, HCG Cancer Hospital: \"It is possible that the abnormal genes may not turn cancerous if a proper lifestyle is maintained. In addition, a normal cancer gene testing and cancer screening will help define those individuals who are predisposed to or have underline disease.\"Shenoy, a housewife, on the other hand says it's her positive attitude towards life which has led her to take appropriate active efforts in leading healthy, vigilant and a stress-free lifestyle.Says Dr Brindha Sitharam, director, psycho-oncology, HCG, \"Studies have shown that psychological factors like stress , attitude, personality, etc., have the potential to activate physical abnormalities. Mental attitude does play an important role. Studies have shown that breast cancer patients who were in a positive frame of mind and who were using adaptive coping methods had improved their immune system than the ones who were emotionally down. Psychological attributes could be one of the activating factors if not the cause of the disease.\"Adds Dr Bharath Rangarajan, medical oncologist, Mazumdar Shaw Cancer Center: \"Although the chances of developing cancer is higher in such women , the affect of healthy lifestyle and diet is unknown but could be protective against the development of the disease.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590454", "title": "Petrol traders ask CM to reduce value added tax", "text": "LUCKNOW: A meeting of Uttar Pradesh Petroleum Traders Association was held on Sunday in which a large number of representatives from various districts of the state took part. BN Shukla, president of the association presided over the meting.The association while congratulating the young Samajwadi Party (SP) leader Akhilesh Yadav for bringing the party to power with absolute majority due to his untiring efforts hoped that the Samajwadi Party government would make efforts to solve the long-pending demands of the petrol dealers of the state.The association pointed out that the sale of diesel and petrol in UP is low in comparison to the neighbouring states because of high Vat rates being charged in UP. The association requested the chief minister to reduce Vat rates and bring it at par with Delhi and Haryana. The government was also urged to bring lubricating oil out of Vat's ambit which is one of the long-standing demands of the petrol dealers.President of the association BN Shukla requested the chief minister to abolish licence on diesel because through this licence the state government gets revenue of just Rs 10 per year, but for the renewal of this licence the dealers have to suffer harassment on the part of officers. He also demanded simplification of various taxes being charged from petrol pumps by nagar nigam, jal sansthan and zila parishads and payment of pending bills for diesel and petrol supplied during elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589310", "title": "Biscuit godown gutted", "text": "BANGALORE: Biscuit packets and packaged snack food worth lakhs of rupees were reduced to ashes in a fire that raged through a biscuit factory godown in Attur Layout near Yelahanka Satellite Town on Sunday.Passersby noticed smoke coming out of the ground floor of the three-storey godown around 11am and alerted the fire department. Four fire tenders were rushed to the spot and the fire was put out in a two-hour operation.Cartons of biscuit packets and packaged snack food and other goods stacked in the godown are believed to be gutted. The exact worth of the destroyed goods is yet to be ascertained, police said. The building had no fire-fighting equipment. Neither did it have a no-objection certificate from the fire department. The blaze is suspected to have been caused by an electrical short circuit. Yelahanka police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596486", "title": "It's all about chemistry!", "text": "While Bollywood biggies float rumours about the stars of their films as part of a marketing strategy, telly couples manage to create scorching screen romance by play acting!In the Teflon coated world of Bollywood romances, it's almost a given that on screen couples end up getting romantically linked up --sometimes to sell films (as part of the marketing strategy), and sometimes because these affairs are also for real So barely days after the Tamil flick, 3 hit the screens, when reports of Tamil teen icon and current national sensation, Dhanush being romantically involved with Shruti Haasan his co-star from the film made the rounds, no one really batted an eyelid or made an immediate dash to the theatres. Most automatically assumed that the film's lukewarm initial reports were reason for this publicity stunt, a desperate effort to evoke curiosity in the film. For followers of B-Town leads, the illusion that the lead pair of a film might be in a romantic relationship is important, it creates hype and eyeballs in the initial weeks. So, you have Ranveer Singh talking about his 'fondness' for co-star Sonakshi Sinha openly, now that their Lootera is getting ready for release, Amy Jackson and Prateik claiming to be in \"love\" when their first screen outing together was set to hit the screens.In telly biz, life's much simpler for the leading couples though. Probably because a prime time show doesn't always piggyback ride only on a lead couple's chemistry. Changing dynamics (that necessary evil called TRPs) and the presence of an ensemble of secondary characters are often as important as the lead pair's screen chemistry. In many instances, the lead pair of a TRP-tripping show share ice-cold vibes and continue to churn out intense romantic sequences. Hina Khan and Karan Mehra(Naitik-Akshara of Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlaata Hai ), Pooja Gor-Arhan Behl (Krishna-Pratigya of Mann Ke Awaaz Pratigya ), Nandish Sandhu-Tina Dutta ( Uttaran ) have not been known to be on the best terms off screen, yet they were professional enough to keep their personal vibes aside once they slammed make-up and faced the camera. \"I don't talk to Hina much,\" Karan's diplomatically admitted on record many times and chooses to devote his energy to his work. Arhan, was at one time dating Avantika Gondal, Pooja Gor's reel sister in the show and had no interest of a romantic nature in his reel love.Telly audiences don't seem to care much about how their favourite jodis behave in their personal space. So, even though Barun Sobti and Sanaya Irani are in committed relationships with different people, their fab screen chemistry gives Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon ? its high TRPs. Deepika Singh and Anas Rashid are polite co-stars and yet their intense relationship's made Diya Aur Baati Hum , a TRP-topper for the last four months. Shashank Vyas and Pratyusha Banerjee are known to be thorough professionals on the sets of Balika Vadhu - Kachchi Umar Ke Pakke Rishte , yet their romantic scenes are much talked about. Ditto for Ram Kapoor and Saakshi Tanwar. Their smouldering love scene and liplock in Bade Achche Lagte Hain set the viral world in a tizzy a month ago. Ram's happily married and shares an amicable rapport with Saakshi. That doesn't take away the intensity from their love scenes. Ram has in the past also shared tremendous screen chemistry with teenager Prachi Desai in Kasamh Se . Gurmeet Chaudhary might be married to Debina Banerjee in reality, but his sizzling chemistry with Dhrasti Dhami in Geet Hui Sab Se Parayi won the two stars, millions of hearts. Karan Singh Grover and Shilpa Anand were dating different people, but when they romanced the camera in Dill Mill Gayye five years ago it seemed so real that their fans kept on wanting to see them together again.And no, production houses and channels have never been known to market the on screen vibes of their lead couples to sell a soap. Surprisingly television audiences seem to have accepted the reality that their celluloid jodis are simply spinning a romantic fantasy for them, and the reality is something else. Ironically, the same set of audience also goes to watch a Bollywood flick. Isn't it weird that producers think they can take the audience for a ride by floating rumours of a romance before a film hits the screens just for some publicity? Chemistry, biology etc can be created in a make believe world too, wish some B-Town makers realised it too!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "the raid", "code": "12594002", "title": "Indonesian film The Raid turns into a wildfire online", "text": "The Raid: Redemption, an Indonesian martial arts thriller has now turned into one of the biggest movie buzzwords making its rounds in cyberspace. The hardcore, no-holds-barred, action-packed film, directed by Gareth Evans, had captured eyeballs after its release in the international market.Fans who couldn't wait for the film to be released in their respective nations, went all out on the Internet, torrenting the film and sharing it through file sharing websites. In fact, director Gareth Evans had even tweeted online, asking fans to hold on for a while and not endorse the camera print of the film which is now being passed on around the Internet.The film, which holds an 85 per cent rating on Rotten Tomatoes, is being described by both critics and audiences alike as a hyper-violent descent into martial arts driven madness. The trailer of the film on Youtube has been lapped by audiences who have been raving about the unprecedented realism and shock value of the action set pieces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593301", "title": "Fighting female foeticide", "text": "Ishita Uppal, a student of class X is raising awareness on the need to stop female foeticide. Aaditi Isaac reportsIshita Uppal, a student of class X, Little Flower Convent School, Panchkula, Haryana, has taken upon herself the responsibility to raise awareness on the issue of female foeticide by meeting young students and making them take a pledge to help stop the practice.\"I was 10 years old when I first read about female foeticide. I couldn't understand what it was; so I asked my father to explain what it meant. I researched on the internet, saw the statistics and decided to do something about it,\" says Ishita.In a span of three years, Ishita inspired 60,000 people to take an oath against the practice. Her efforts were rewarded when in November 2009 she set out on an expedition in seven districts of Haryana and one district of Punjab to deliver lectures on female foeticide and plant trees.\"The skewed sex ratio is a cause for concern. In certain areas in Bihar , for example, one woman is married to two men. Development of our nation has to include the development of women. We have to save the girl child and not look at her as a burden on the family. In order to change the mindset of youngsters, I make them take a pledge against female foeticide and talk to them about treating women with dignity. I conduct road shows and lectures on the importance of stopping the practice of female foeticide. College students also call me to be a part of their initiatives aimed at the welfare of the girl child,\" she adds.In 2009, the Chandigarh administration declared her Haryana's ambassador to lead the mission against female foeticide and global warming.Did she face opposition from her family? \"My parents always encouraged me. When I was out on the expedition and missed school, I would take extra classes to cover what I missed,\" she says.Ishita wants to become an IAS officer and contribute to the country. She is a finalist at the Pramerica Spirit of Community Awards 2012, which recognises students for their efforts in serving others through community service.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593677", "title": "Personalise learning", "text": "Q- How is the education landscape in India changing with the advent of technology?Id classify the changes into two broad categories: changes before and after the mobile phone.Before mobile: Technology transformed the education delivery inside and outside classrooms in the following two ways:1. Interactive delivery of education inside the classroom through information and communication technology (ICT)2. Remote delivery of education through VSAT (virtual classrooms, etc) to rural areasAfter mobile: Proliferation of mobile devices (phones and tablets) will revolutionise the education landscape. It will shift the focus from delivery to experience.Q- Can you elaborate on the tablet launched last week in partnership? What are the benefits?The benefit or USP of the Funbook (a seven-inch Android tablet), launched by Micromax is that it combines fun and learning both of which can be consumed while on the go, at an affordable price. There is a network of partners who bring the fun and learning experience to this device. The key differentiator for this tablet is the ecosystem that it comes bundled with, including a smart education platform which offers access to quality content.Q- How will technological innovations like the tablet make learning more effective?Learning has to be personalised. When the content is offered in a way that the learner would like, on a device of his/her choice, the experience becomes personalised. Tablets are a great medium for offering an interactive and compelling learning experience. In addition, the ecosystem on the tablet offers valuable insights about the learners learning abilities and the efficacy of the content which gives us (service providers) an opportunity to continuously refine the learning process to make it more effective. We will soon start to see tablets become the primary learning devices.Q- In Indias context, which is the key area for growth vis--vis technology in education elementary, primary, secondary or higher?Trends indicate that growth will be across all segments. In K-12 segment, we will start to see a consistent learning experience offered in schools regardless of the geography. Distance education will go through a major transformation in making quality content and services available remotely. Vocational training will increasingly become more accessible and affordable. There will be a lot more emphasis on analytics across all these segments.Q- Can technology make education more accessible and/or affordable?Yes it can. It has already been proven across the world and in India that technology is the driver to make education accessible and affordable. There are many organisations that are working towards making education far more accessible and affordable for India too.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588100", "title": "8-year-old injured in accident", "text": "MUMBAI: An eight-year-old boy sustained severe injuries after a speeding car rammed into him at Andheri (W) on Sunday evening.The victim, Mithu Shaikh, whose parents are labourers, was crossing the road when a speeding Hyundai i10 hit him around 7pm. The impact threw him onto the opposite lane, where he was hit by a Maruti Swift.Mithu was rushed to Cooper Hospital in Vile Parle, where he is being treated for head and leg injuries.\"We have arrested the driver of the Hyundai i10, Zafar Ayub Chavan (19). Preliminary medical reports showed that he wasn't drunk. Chavan was speeding as the streets were empty,\" the official said. Mithu's family alleged that Chavan was racing with another car. The driver of the Swift is also being questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12593656", "title": "Supreme Court grants bail to Pak national Dr Khalil Chisti", "text": "NEW DELHI: Supreme Court has granted interim bail to 80-year-old Pakistani microbiologist Khalil Chisti during the pendency of his appeal against Rajasthan high court order upholding his conviction in a murder case.Dr Chisti had applied for bail on the ground that he is 80 years old and has already been in prison for the last 20 years.Dr Chisti pleaded before court that he be allowed to return to his home town Karachi or be allowed to live in Delhi becuase of vitiated family atmosphere in Ajmer.Supreme Court asked him to surrender his passport and allowed him to file a fresh application.The court has asked Dr Chisti to remain in Ajmer till further orders.The Pakistani doctor was given a life term on January 31, 2011 by a trial court for a murder in Ajmer in 1992. The doctor, born in Ajmer to a prosperous family of caretakers of the Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti shrine, was studying in Pakistan at the time of partition in 1947.He didn't return to his family in Ajmer till he came to visit his ailing mother in 1992. Chishti allegedly killed a man after a fight over some dispute.According to sources, the issue of Khalil Chisti figured during the lunch hosted by PM Manmohan Singh for Pakistani president Asif Zardari .It is learnt that Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik referred to the issue during his interaction with home minister P Chidambaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587363", "title": "Affair led to student's murder", "text": "PATNA: Police on Saturday arrested one Sunil Kumar in connection with the cold blooded murder of a BBA student, Mohd Dilshad Ali Khan, on March 28 night.Khan's body was recovered near Barmutta Nala close to Madhopur village under Deedarganj police station in Patna district on March 29, 2012. An FIR was lodged with the police station concerned based on the statement of a local chowkidar. City SP Kim said the deceased was a resident of Karbigahiya under Jakkanpur police station.She said the deceased's family members revealed the name of Khan's girlfriend as Ankita Rai alias Rupam. The police later arrested Ankita's father, Sunil Kumar Rai, a contractor cum businessman and resident of Khasmahal Postal Park under Jakkanpur police station, who confessed his involvement in the murder of Khan. Kim said Rai also revealed the names of his family members, who helped him in eliminating Khan.The City SP said the police recovered three cricket wickets used in murder besides deceased's helmet and a four-wheeler used to dump Khan's body at Deedarganj from Rai's house. Khan's motorcycle was recovered from Patna Saheb railway station.She said that Khan, who was staying in a lodge at Sabji Bagh, left on his motorcycle on March 28 at around 10.30pm, informing his room partner Ashraf that he was going to his house at Karbigahiya. However, he reached the house of his girlfriend's maternal uncle at Sampatchak, where he and Ankita were caught in an objectionable position on the roof of the house by the girl's family members.Ankita's father and other family members caught Khan and thrashed him to death with wickets and dumped his body near Barmutta Nala at Madhopur village on a four-wheeler. Raids are on to arrest the other three accused in the case, the City SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12588128", "title": "IIT-JEE passes off peacefully with no incidents of irregularities", "text": "KANPUR: Thousands of students walked out of the examination centres with a hope that they would crack the IIT-joint entrance examination. Many of the aspirants said that the mathematics and physics questions were quite tough.The examination was conducted in pre and post lunch sessions at 158 centres in the three states falling under IIT-Kanpur zone. As many as 82,679 students appeared in the JEE. In Kanpur, the number of examinees stood at 15,380.The authorities of IIT-Kanpur informed that JEE-2012 has been conducted peacefully in IIT-Kanpur zone. No untoward incidents like ambiguity or error in the question papers, impersonation or copying were reported from any of the 158 centres. A total number of 82,679 candidates (25,440 girls and 57,239 boys), registered in 12 cities of IIT-Kanpur zone participated in the examination.The JEE was a mix of objective and subjective questions. The aspirants had to solve the mathematics, physics and chemistry questions in three hours. The students had to jot down the answers in the optical response sheets that were provided to them. Many aspirants told TOI that questions based on mathematics and physics were tough whereas chemistry questions were easier.Akansha and Pragati, two of the aspirants at BNSD Shiksha Niketan said that the questions based on the subjects were quite tough.\"The second examination was much tougher than the first one. The second question paper became tough due to minus marking in sections 1 and 2. Therefore, we had to be very choosy in attempting the questions,\" said a candidate. Akansha had attempted 45 questions out of 60 in the second paper, Pragati could attempt only 40.An examinee stated that the change in the pattern of the questions made the examination tough. In the first paper, only objective type questions were asked but the second question paper was a mix of objective and subjective questions.Shweta, who had come to city from Faizabad to appear in the JEE at BNSD Shiksha Niketan, said that questions of physics and mathematics were tough. She could attempt 40 questions in the second paper and had 45 questions in the first paper.Harshit and Shubham, students of a prominent school in the city, termed the first part of the JEE to be comparatively easier than the second one. They said that they have performed average in JEE and 50% hopeful of selection.\"We have a copy of optical response sheet with us. We will be able to check our results when IIT would making it available on its website on May 1. This will reduce our wait till May 18 when the results would be declared,\" they said.Anjali described the physics questions as the toughest.Megha, who had come to appear in the JEE with her mother, said that this was her first attempt and she performed averagely.Many students were happy and said that they had performed well. They hope to be successful. Umang, appearing at BNSD Shiksha Niketan, was optimistic about the outcome. The boy had smiles on his face. He expressed satisfaction over his performance. \"I did well in physics and therefore I am confident of cracking the JEE. This was my first attempt,\" he said confidently.Meanwhile, the students after taking their exams were seen chatting and giggling with each other on the hot summer day. Some of them were reluctant to speak much about the entrance exam and instead seemed upset with their performance.Deepak, a resident of Deoria, appearing at St Xavier's School in Ashok Nagar, said: \"The exam was exhaustive but cool. I am not hundred per cent sure that I will be able to crack it but luckily I have done better this time in comparison to last year.\"Another aspirant said: \"A student gets only two attempts to crack the JEE, so a lot of homework has to be done. The second paper was quite tough and I feel that it may lower down my overall score.\"Balraj and Surendra said at St Xavier's that physics was tough, mathematics average and chemistry easy.Girl students were also seen coming out the examination centres in large numbers. Quite a few were seemingly optimistic. Several seemed depressed after doing poorly in the second paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12588528", "title": "New traffic signal lying unused at RTO corner", "text": "NASHIK: The new traffic signal that had been set up at the RTO Corner on Dindori Road in the run-up to the elections for the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is still not functional even after a one-and-a-half months.Heavy traffic and traffic jams at the RTO corner in ward no. 5 on Dindori Road have become a major cause for concern for the local residents. The RTO Corner is one of the most crowded areas in the city, as the office of the Maharashtra Engineering Research Institute (MERI), MERI's school, the regional transport office and the agricultural market yard are located within a half-kilometre radius of the spot.Roads from the corner branch out in four directions, Dindori (towards Gujarat highway), Mumbai-Agra national highway (NH-3), RTO office and Panchavati Karanja. As a result, traffic congestion is the order of the day and petty accidents are common. To control the traffic and petty accidents here, NMC had set up a traffic signal at the RTO Corner around one-and-a-half month ago, but it is yet to be functional.Local resident Bhikan More, who lives in the RTO Corner area, said, \"The RTO Corner area is always jam-packed due to heavy traffic. A traffic signal has been set up here, but it is still not functional. Hence, it becomes very difficult to cross the road in the evening as it is the time when officials from nearby government offices and students from the CDO MERI high school pass from here. The heavy traffic in the area is posing a threat to the safety of pedestrians, local residents and schoolchildren. Hence, the signal must be made functional soon.\"Pan stall owner Deepak Karkale said, \"The NMC set up a traffic signal here, but kept the square very small. As a result, it becomes very difficult for large containers coming from Gujarat, going towards the Rajmata Mangal Karyalaya, to take turns and this often leads to accidents. The pole on which the traffic signal had been installed bent after a container collided with it while taking a turn at the spot. Hence, the traffic signal square must be extended so that such cases do not happen in future.\"When contacted, local corporator Shalini Pawar said, \"The signal will be made functional in the next four to five days and we have also urged the city traffic department to deploy a traffic policeman there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "which would you rather face", "code": "12592788", "title": "How to ace your performance review", "text": "Which would you rather face: a sink full of dirty dishes, or your annual performance review?If it's the former, you're not alone. In a recent study conducted by Development Dimensions International, sitting through a performance review was ranked ahead of doing housework, paying taxes and having a hangover on a list of situations that employees loathe most. Jazmine Boatman, who has a doctorate in industrial/organizational psychology and is the manager of DDI's Center for Applied Behavioral Research, understands why: \"A lot of managers don't know how to have these conversations. And people dread the unknown.\" The fact remains, however, that your performance review is your opportunity to shine ... and to be rewarded accordingly.Prepare all year longThe key, says Ford R. Myers, president of Career Potential LLC, is preparation. The more backup you can bring into the meeting, the better. \"Keep a success file throughout the year containing notes and information about all of the good things you've done for the company,\" says Myers, who is also the author of Get the Job You Want Even When No One's Hiring. He adds that the success file should not be filled with a list of everyday tasks (i.e., the things you're expected to do) but rather \"the things that go beyond, that produce measurable results.\"Typically, says Myers, \"an employee gets a job, puts his head down, and his boss has no idea what he's doing for the next 12 months.\" This approach is especially damaging since the average boss is not in the most generous frame of mind at performance-review time. \"He has budgets to meet -- and a boss who's watching him too,\" explains Myers. The upshot? \"You need to prove you're worth more money.\"Make praise payWhether your goal is a promotion or a raise -- or both -- you've got to be proactive. Ryan Kahn, a Los Angeles-based career coach and host of the show \"MTV Hired,\" says you need to \"blow the boss away, demonstrating how you're bringing extra revenue into the company.\" Of course, not everyone can prove he's generated sales leads or helped the firm's bottom line. What about the poor chap who's answering phones? \"I would tuck away positive emails, compliments you've gotten from customers or others,\" suggests Kahn. These testimonials, he explains, will do the bragging for you.Meetings can equal moolaAs a means of showing your mettle and your monetary value, Myers recommends that anytime you take a new position, you get your boss to agree to a strategic meeting with you once a week for the first three months, and then once a month for the duration of your time on the job. \"You want to be working on the projects that are most important to that boss,\" says Myers, \"and to be of as much assistance to him as you can possibly be.\"Go above and beyond (and say so)Another terrific way to stand out is to keep a bullet list of all of the things you achieve each month and send it to the boss as an attachment. \"Send it on the 30th of every month, like clockwork,\" says Myers. \"When your boss sees you coming in for your year-end review, she's going to say: \"This is a strong person. We need to retain and reward him; we can't afford to lose him.\"The best part of all? Once you get a raise -- not to mention your big, fat promotion -- you'll be able to pay someone else to wash the dishes.Content courtesy: Men's Life Today, Global", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594458", "title": "Reality shows do not produce lasting talent: Neeraj Shridhar", "text": "Singer Neeraj Shridhar says reality shows do not produce lasting talent.Name anyone of the singers in Bollywood today no one has emerged from any recent reality shows.\"These days' reality shows attract the kids and their parents most as it is a way to earn or quick money. The singers who come up through reality show don't last long .It is always better to spend time developing skills. The singer should become a musician first than just singing in front of a mike . Learning to copy is easy, but its important to develop ones own skills , says Neeraj who has rendered songs like  'Rab Sab Se Sona' (F.A.L.T.U), 'Character Dheela' (Ready) and 'Jhak Maar Ke' from ( Desi Boyz) and many more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12590248", "title": "Bounty hunters send NIA on wild goose chases", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent bounty announced by the US on LeT chief Hafiz Saeed may have got India excited but bounties do not seem to be really working for the country's premier anti-terror agency: the NIA. The agency has literally been on a wild goose chase ever since it announced a reward of Rs 10 lakh on Ramji Kalsangra, the man behind a series of Hindu terror attacks in the country, a year ago.Bounty seekers have jammed NIA phone lines with all sorts of information on Kalsangra that range from him being dead to having been seen in Muzaffarabad. One call even claimed that he and his associate Sandeep Dange (who is also wanted for several blasts including those in Malegaon and has a bounty of Rs 10 lakh on him) are meditating on Kailash Parvat.Desperate to get the two, the agency is not taking any information lightly (except the one about Kailash Parvat) and has sent teams to scores of places verifying whatever little information or sketchy details of the duo's whereabouts has been available. Till now, however, most of the tip-offs have turned out to be red herrings, wasting much of the agency's resources and time.A senior NIA official said, \"We have got inputs from intelligence agencies from time to time which we follow up on. But much of the calls in recent months have come from bounty seekers. We have been told about Kalsangra and Dange's presence in Nepal, Bihar, UP, MP, Gujarat and even Muzaffarabad. Some have even suggested that they are dead. Since we do not want to take any chances, we check every information. We have credible information that they are alive.\"Another NIA official added, \"Much of the information given by callers has turned out to be false. One caller even went on to the extent of suggesting that the duo was on a pilgrimage to Kailash Parvat. But we do not want to discourage people from giving us information. Even if one out of 100 calls gives correct information, it will be worth putting in the effort.\"This is the reason why the agency does not want to disbelieve fresh information that the duo may be working as construction workers in Odisha. \"It is not easy to trace people like this. They do not call their relatives or keep in touch with their friends directly. Given the massive migration of labour across the country, it is easy to mingle in the workforce in another state and go totally unnoticed. But sooner or later, we will get them,\" said the official.Both Kalsangra and Dange are crucial to investigation of a host of Hindu terror cases including Malegaon and Samjhauta Express blasts. The NIA is running low on evidence in both the cases and needs to arrest the two to complete the jigsaw.While the Malegaon cases are dependent on statements and conversations of accused such as Lt Col Srikant Prasad Purohit, Pragya Singh Thakur and Dayanand Pande, the Samjhauta probe is hanging on the sole confession of Swami Aseemanand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588280", "title": "MCD under BJP all false claims: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Saturday hit back at BJP with a white paper titled 'Five Years of Misrule of BJP in MCD'. MCD under BJP is \"all false claims, no work\", the white paper said. Labelling the BJP rule as \"catastrophic\", it listed 31 issues where BJP has failed to deliver.Earlier this week, BJP had released a booklet, 'Ghotale hi Ghotale', carrying an illustration of chief minister Sheila Dikshit holding up a placard that reads \"CWG Scams\". Releasing the booklet that listed 35 scams over 95 pages, BJP president Nitin Gadkari attacked the Congress rule both at the centre and in Delhi.Citing the deaths in building collapses in Lalita Park, Chhattarpur, Chandni Mahal and Uttam Nagar, the Congress white paper blamed BJP for the mismanagement in these areas. \"The inquiry commission report of Justice Lokeshwar Prasad held MCD fully responsible for the Lalita Park tragedy. According to the report, MCD flouted with impunity all rules and building bylaws, thereby killing 71 innocent people,\" Congress alleged. \"Buildings falling in the areas under the jurisdiction of MCD have come up on land reserved for roads. In this, the contractors have colluded with BJP leaders in MCD and wreaked havoc.\"Congress also attacked BJP on the ghost employee issue, saying \"scandalous payment of wages to about 25,000 fictitious employees caused tremendous loss to the public exchequer to the tune of Rs 100 crore annually\".The paper went on to talk about the criminal waste of public funds, leading to stopping construction of 24 multi-level parkings, 216 toilets and coffee houses and 1,000 waterless urinals. Accusing MCD for the parking mess despite collecting Rs 1,000 crore as parking and conversion charges, the white paper also showed how poor condition of industrial areas forced the Delhi government to take over the maintenance from the corporation. For the similar reason, the government took charge of the slum and JJ wing, it said.Congress also alleged that crores of rupees paid to MCD under the Yamuna Action Plan for preventing open defecation on the riverbank were diverted, causing embarrassment to the Centre before the donor Japanese government.Excerpts from CAG and Shunglu Committee reports on Commonwealth games projects and the tussle between the Delhi CM and the Delhi Lokayukta find a place of prominence in the BJP's report card on the Congress. The list of scams thrown up by BJP is long with fingers raised on power privatisation, regularization of unauthorised colonies, water privatization and procurement of DTC buses. Besides CWG, the BJP takes on the Congress led UPA at the Centre over 2G Spectrum and Coal scams among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594025", "title": "SS Rajamouli to promote \u201cEega\u201d at the stadium", "text": "Cricket and entertainment go hand in hand, we all know that. The IPL stands testimony to the fact. With the fifth season getting bigger, celebs have been using this cricketing extravaganza to promote their films.In line to do the same is &quot;Eega&quot; director SS Rajamouli. As the local team Deccan Chargers clash with Mumbai Indians at the YSR Cricket Stadium in Visakhapatnam, Rajamouli has confirmed his presence at the stands. What's interesting though is that this the first time the director is going to be watching a match live. \"Yep! Confirmed. I will be at the stadium today. By the way, I have never watched a match live...in the stadium, I mean. It's gonna be my first one,\" Rajamouli said. His loyalties are with the local team, the director said, also informing that \"Eega\" song will be played at the stadium when the Deccan Chargers team walks into the field. \"\"Eega\" will be cheering for the Deccan Chargers,\" he revealed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594026", "title": "Naga Chaitanya to be replaced in Gouravam?", "text": "Naga Chaitanya is no more a part of Radha Mohan's forthcoming film Gouravam.Though it's yet to officially come out, we've heard one of Allu Arjun's brothers might replace Naga in Gouravam. Naga is yet to disclose the reason for leaving Gouravam.Gouravam stars Tamil actor Sarathkumar's daughter, Varalakshmi in the lead role. The film is expected to go on floors in May and is produced by Duet Movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12589687", "title": "50 years on, India is still home for UK actress", "text": "LONDON: British actor Felicity Kendal, the sister-in-law of actor Shashi Kapoor , still considers India - where she spent her impressionable years - her home despite spending an overwhelming part of her life in England.In an essay in the Mail on Sunday newspaper, she described India as \"a place where authority is both absolute and yielding, where chaos and order sit side by side. Romantic, emotional, infuriating and glorious - it is a country that, for all my many years in England, I still think of as home\".She continued: \"It was in India that I started my acting career, courtesy of my parents (Geoffrey and Laura Kendal ), long before I set foot on stage in England. They headed Shakespearana, a company of travelling players performing Shakespeare up and down the land. The Kendals arrived in India in 1953, Felicity, then, a six-year-old and her sister, Jennifer, 19.Recently - 50 years after she left - she returned to her childhood place.She was also worried as to whether she would be as comfortable in India as she had been when she was growing up. \"I needn't have worried: I took to it again like a proverbial duck to water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588273", "title": "Deported Rajan rival fears for life", "text": "MUMBAI: Deported gangster Santosh Shetty is scared now. Shetty who is in custody of the Mumbai police does not want to go out of city limits fearing that his arch rival Chhota Rajan may kill him.Recently the anti-extortion cell ( ANC) of the crime branch obtained the custody of Shetty in a case of kidnapping and demanding ransom that took place in Bangkok in 2010. Shetty was produced before the local court and was remanded in police custody.Shetty has now requested the police that he should not be sent out of city limits as he fears for his life. Shetty is accused of killing advocate Shahid Azmi, Rajan aide Farid Tanashah and attempt to murder 7/11 blast accused Faizal Shaikh. Though Shetty is reported to have played a key role in killing Rajan aide Bharat Nepali, there is no confirmation about it and since then Rajan is gunning for his life.Sources said that since he was deported from Bangkok in August last year, the Thane, Mumbai and Lonavala police have already taken his custody and interrogated him in their respective cases. Now the Rajasthan police wants his custody in a kidnapping case of 2009 where he along with his associate Arun Kumar, took a marble dealer to Bangkok and than confined him to a hotel room for more than ten days and demanded ransom.Questions have been raised as to why the Rajasthan police have not taken Shetty's custody even eight months after his deportation. \"When the marble dealer was kidnapped, the Rajasthan police team had even visited Bangkok for investigations and returned empty handed. This lethargic attitude could be one of the reasons why the police fail to get convictions,'' said an official. Deputyy SP Satish Kumar from Rajasthan told TOI that they will soon be taking Shetty's custody.Earlier in December last year, he had made an application before a magistrate that he be not sent to Arthur Road or Taloja jails as he feared that Rajan's men may kill him. Recently the AEC had arrested Shetty's associate Rajesh Purshottam Chaturani alias Raju Sindhi in connection with an extortion case. Police seized 11 mobile phones, 17 sim cards, two driving licences and two credits from him. The complainant, Gopal Padiya, lodged a complaint after Shetty had kidnapped him and his son Monish in Bangkok for 17 days and had demanded a Rs 15-crore ransom. They were let off after Padiya parted with some money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode, kerala", "code": "12594856", "title": "Prakash Karat re-elected as CPM general secretary", "text": "KOZHIKODE, KERALA: CPM veteran Prakash Karat was today re-elected general secretary for the third consecutive term at the party's 20th Congress, which concluded here.64-year-old Karat was elected as general secretary in 2005 at the New Delhi Congress and again at Coimbatore for the second term.Attended by over 700 delegates from all states, the meet, which had deliberated on the poll debacle the CPM suffered in West Bengal and Kerala, also elected a 15-member politburo.While Kerala veteran and former chief minister V S Achuthanandan failed to get reinstated in the politburo, former West Bengal chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee has been retained.The new politburo was announced by Karat at a press meet on the conclusion of the six-day meet.New faces in the politburo include CITU national president A K Padmanabhan, West Bengal opposition leader Suryakanta Mishra and former Kerala education minister M A Baby.The 20th party Congress also adopted the organisational and ideological resolutions, besides extensively deliberating on the national and international political situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596074", "title": "I'm not a star kid: Ayushmann Khurrana", "text": "Ayushmann Khurrana on the controversy surrounding his film, his Bollywood debut and why he chose to work with John Abraham ...Your film Vicky Donor is yet to release and there is already a controversy around it. Comment.Yes. I play a sperm donor in the film and in that context I had just mentioned how one can have a designer baby in these days of advanced medical technology. By that I didn't mean to hurt anyone's sentiments. There was a childless couple in Chennai who were looking for the sperms of an IIT student so that they could have an intelligent child...my remark also meant that by selecting the kind of sperms you can have particular eye colour, skin colour et al. The term designer babies is not pledged to medical jargon.Have you donated your sperms in real life?Yes , I did. During my initial days of working on television, when I was part of MTV Roadies 2004, I donated my sperms because it was a part of my task. I am good-looking, fairly intelligent and talented, I don't know why someone would not be interested in taking my sperms to have a healthy baby? I dont' smoke or drink alcohol as well.John Abraham turns producer with this film. Why did you choose to debut in a John Abraham film? Do you feel he can be a great producer?John has a great goodwill in the industry. Tell me, how many models have even made it so far in the industry. He also has an advertising and marketing background so he has a decent knowledge of what kind of a film he wants to produce. Secondly, I am neither a star kid nor do I have a Godfather. Therefore, I have to choose a film with a good subject, only then will people go and see my film.Not many actors from the television background have managed to strike it in films. Even someone like Rajeev Khandelwal was critically acclaimed but commercial success is eluding him. Do you think it's a good move?True. But I am not aiming at a full time career in films. I want to continue anchoring shows on television and maybe do a couple of good films in Bollywood. I am a veejay, so am more connected with the youth then other actors who are seen everyday in daily soaps. I am not as overexposed as other actors. And there is a revolution happening in terms of entertainment on television, so even if I continue to get good offers on television I will be happy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12588783", "title": "Grocery shops, hotels on 3-day strike from today", "text": "BHOPAL: Provision stores, hotels and restaurants across the state would remain closed for three days from Monday. The strike call has been given by the Confederation of All India Traders and Hotels and Restaurants Association in protest against the new Food Safety and Standards (FSS) Act.Malls and supermarkets in the state capital, Indore and other cities of the state witnessed heavy rush and panic buying. Citizens fearing disruption of normal supplies queued up stock supplies.Supply of packaged Sanchi milk would however remain unaffected.About 55 large and small restaurants in the state capital are likely to remain shut. The protestors are against the provisions of the new act which lays down science based standards for articles of food and to regulate their manufacture, storage, distribution, sale and import to ensure availability of safe and wholesome food for human consumption.Speaking at a press conference, Confederation of All India Traders, national president Radhyay Shyam Maheshwari said \"The FSS act rules have been made to favour the multinational corporations and will worsen the conditions of the over 8 crore people involved in the industry across the country.\"The traders would stage demonstrations in front of Walmart wholesale retail outlet, at Karond on Monday.Under the new act licenses would be issued from the Food and Drug Administration rather than civic bodies which issued them earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12588460", "title": "Swimming pools without licence to be sealed after April 15", "text": "NOIDA: Even as residents of Noida are making a beeline to swimming pools to beat the summer heat, the district administration has warned that licences of those pools which fail to apply for registration within the stipulated deadline of April 15 would be cancelled. The administration issues licences to pools every year after verifying that proper safety and maintenance norms are followed by them. Following lukewarm response from pool owners, the district administration, which had earlier set the deadline of March 31 for registration, has extended it by 15 days.There are around 45 swimming pools in Noida while Greater Noida has about 25. Each pool has to adhere to detailed guidelines regarding safety, security and maintenance to get an operating license from the district administration, but owing to heavy rush in the hot season, many bypass these norms.\"All new swimming pools have to apply for licence, while those already having them will have to get them renewed,\" said an official.\"Licences would be granted only after a thorough evaluation. Those pools that do not follow the norms will have to forfeit their licences. Besides, the pools which do not apply for registration before April 15 will be sealed,\" said the district official.Of the 70-odd pools in the two cities, around 40 have already applied for licence renewal. \"There still remain 20 pools in Noida and 10 in Greater Noida that have to apply for licence,\" said secretary of District Swimming Association, Sudesh Deswal.Certified lifeguards and trainers are required to be employed by pool owners besides ensuring that safety kits, like first-aid boxes, life-saving jackets and breathing instruments, are made available to users. Notices displaying contact addresses of nearby hospitals and police stations are needed to be put up besides the pools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589280", "title": "Pradhan's report in a day or two", "text": "BANGALORE: BJP national general secretary and party's Karnataka pointsman Dharmendra Pradhan on Sunday held separate meetings with B S Yeddyurappa, rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar, primary and secondary education minister Visveshwara Hegde Kageri, BJP national organizing secretary Satish and BJP state organizing secretary Santosh. He spoke to state party president KS Eshwarappa over phone.Pradhan is expected to give a detailed report to the party high command in a day or two as the BJP national core committee is likely to hold a meeting by next week end. Pradhan's visit is said to be part of the consultation process launched by the BJP leadership to solve the leadership issue in the state.Though Yeddyurappa cut short his tour of the drought-hit areas by a day and returned on Saturday, Eshwarappa was away in Shimoga and CM D V Sadananda Gowda was in Belgaum on Sunday. Sources said the CM had to be present at the VTU convocation, as he holds the higher education portfolio. Besides, Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's presence at the convocation is another reason.Pradhan sought to play down his visit and termed it 'personal' __ he said he was here to attend social functions. He took part in a couple of functions, including the wedding of a son of BJP chief whip in the council Shivayogi Swamy. \"It's not a political visit. As I'm in charge of the party in the state, I'm speaking to the leaders in a routine exercise,'' he said.Pradhan had a word of praise for the CM. Asked if the party was happy with Gowda, he said: \"He is doing a good job.'' Also, he defended Yeddyurappa's tour of the drought-affected areas, saying, \"What's wrong with it?''Before leaving Bangalore, Pradhan would hold a meeting with the CM. Pradhan would convey the ground situation to the party bosses in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593395", "title": "Pulkit feeling blessed to get Salman's support", "text": "Newbie Pulkit Samrat , who is making his debut in Bollywood with Kumar Mangat's 'Bittoo Boss' cannot stop gushing about actor Salman Khan, who has developed liking for him.Pulkit is finding himself extremely lucky to be under the mentorship of none other than Salman.\"He (Salman) is my mentor. If he likes someone he goes all out his way to support that person. He is a man with a heart of gold...always supportive. I am blessed to have his support,\" Pulkit told PTI in an interview.Salman Khan is known for encouraging new talents like Katrina Kaif , Zarine Khan, Sneha Ulal, Hazel Keech of 'Bodyguard' fame and Himesh Reshammiya among others.\"He has knack of understanding people. What is special about him is that he does things without even you asking for it,\" Pulkit said.It all started when Salman made the atmosphere cool and lively by attending the music launch of 'Bittoo Boss' as the chief guest, last month.\"He liked the promos and even the songs from the film...this is a big thing for me. He has some expectations from this film, hope I live up to it,\" Pulkit said.Grapevine suggests that at an awards ceremony Salman introduced Pulkit to few top directors. And that he is also guiding him through his endorsements and next film signings.\"I just hope whatever he is doing by going out of his way...I do not dishearten him. He is a man with the golden touch. I feel blessed,\" Pulkit said.Till now, whoever has managed to grab Salman's attention has gone a long way in the film industry. Hopefully this is just the beginning of an eventful ride in B-town for the newcomer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12595297", "title": "Terror camps in Pakistan pose threat, says defence ministry report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The existence of terrorist camps across the Indo-Pak border and continued infiltrations across the Line of Control (LoC) continue to pose a threat, the defence ministry has noted in its latest annual report.The report released on Monday said that the security concerns vis-a-vis Pakistan continued to be a cause of concern due to undiminished activities of terrorist organisations functioning on its territory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kaithal", "code": "12591530", "title": "Commonwealth Games gold medalist slams government bias in jobs", "text": "KAITHAL: Manoj Kumar , the Commonwealth Games and Asian Championship gold medalist, has slammed the Haryana government for being biased while offering jobs in the sports quota.Manoj, who hails from a non-descript village of Jind, rejected the government's offer of inspector's job with the Haryana police, calling it \"discriminatory\".He was the first boxer to qualify for London Olympics.\"Sportspersons whose achievements are far below me are being given high-ranking jobs. The job offer of inspector amounts to humiliation, why should I accept it,'' he fumed.Hailing from a family of six boxers, Manoj's relatives are also hurt over the step-motherly attitude of the state government.Manoj, a resident of Rajound town, has been preparing for the London Olympics, practicing hard at the sports department of Kurukshetra University. He told TOI, \"I was disheartened to know about the job offer. Those who are not even sportspersons and have just got distinction in adventurous sports have been made DSP. Why such injustice meted out to me? I am satisfied with my current employment in railways as senior TT,'' he said.Rajesh Kumar, the elder brother of Manoj and his coach, said, \"Till now, our family has given six national and international players. Being the eldest, I sacrificed my career and focused only on preparing youth of my family for boxing so that they can bring repute to the state and country. We did everything on our own. The government's job offer made to Manoj is useless.\"\"I have groomed so many players for the state. But the government has never thought of providing job to a coach till today,\" Rajesh added.Around 11 sportspersons, including Mamta Sauda, who scaled the Mount Everest , were made DSP with Haryana police after the CWG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12596254", "title": "Madras HC quashes land grab case against Stalin, son", "text": "CHENNAI: In a big relief to former deputy chief minister of Tamil Nadu , M K Stalin, and his film producer-son Udhayanidhi, the Madras high court has quashed the land grab case registered against them by the Jayalalithaa government. Justice T Mathivanan quashed the criminal proceedings against a total of seven persons, including the two, by pointing out that the person who had lodged the complaint against them had offered to withdraw the complaint stating that he had been given Rs 1.75 crore for the property in question, as an out of court settlement.The state government, however, unsuccessfully pressed for continuation of the criminal proceedings, contending that mere withdrawal of the complaint would not obliterate the criminality of the action. The matter relates to 2.5 grounds of a house and land adjacent to Stalin's posh Chittaranjan Salai residence in Chennai. On August 10, 2008, during the DMK regime, the property was bought by P Venugopal Reddy for Rs 5.54 crore. The house was later leased to Udhayanidhi's film unit.One year and three months later, after the AIADMK returned to power, the original owner N Seshadri Kumar lodged the complaint claiming that he was in fact threatened to part with the property. He implicated Stalin, Udhanidhi and Stalin's friend Raja Shankar among others in the case. While others moved the high court and obtained anticipatory bail, apprehending arrest, Stalin refused to seek anticipatory bail. He, instead, met the director-general of police and complained of malafide action.The present petition to quash the entire proceedings was filed by Venugopal Reddy. During the pendency of the petitioner, on February 12, 2012, Reddy and Seshadri Kumar and others involved in the property transaction entered into an agreement. As per the pact, Reddy gave an additional sum of Rs 1.75 crore to Seshadri Kumar. In return, he offered to withdraw the complaint, and inform the high court of the same.However, state public prosecutor I Subramanian objected to the out of court settlement, and said that merely because of that, the criminal proceedings should not be allowed to lapse. Rejecting the submissions, Justice Mathivanan said that the continuation of the proceedings would not serve any purpose sinec the dispute between the parties had been settled amicably 'in the presence of friends and well-wishers'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587827", "title": "Tatkal ticket seekers a harassed lot", "text": "PATNA: Changes introduced in the tatkal ticket scheme across the country notwithstanding, people duly registered with the Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) site continue to be a harassed lot as they are unable to access the site between 8 am and 9 am to book their tickets under the scheme.Slow process and unavailability of the site in time deprive them from availing tatkal ticket facility on the IRCTC site. They said the IRCTC site, www.irctc.co.in, is not available to them from 8 am to process their tatkal ticket booking. Either they get 'server not available' or 'page not loaded' signal. By the time the page opens, tatkal tickets are full, they lamented.Most of the people registered with the IRCTC site demanded that the railways must ensure full availability of the site in time so that they could book their tickets under tatkal scheme. Besides, the railways must provide an alternative portal to people to book their tickets conveniently, said Rohit and Neeraj. The railways had earlier introduced its own site, www.indianrail.gov.in, to book online journey tickets. However, this facility was withdrawn soon by the railways due to some technical snags, they said and added the people have no option than to access the lone IRCTC site to book normal and tatkal tickets.Under the new tatkal scheme, tickets are available just a day before the departure of the train. Earlier, it was available two days before the journey. While each person is allowed to book two tatkal tickets on one requisition slip, authorized agents have been permitted to book only one ticket against each train under the new tatkal scheme, sources said, adding agents have already been banned from accessing the IRCTC site for tatkal tickets from 8 am to 10 am every day.At present, the railways is not giving any refund to passengers in case of cancellation of the confirmed tatkal ticket. The railways is making refund of money on tatkal ticket only in the event of cancellation of train or its inordinate late running, an IRCTC official said, adding duplicate tatkal ticket is no longer being issued in the wake of loss of the ticket.The railways has made it mandatory for everyone procuring tatkal ticket to submit a self endorsed identity proof's photo copy with the reservation slip. In the absence of identity proof, passengers would be treated as people travelling without ticket, a Railway Board official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12590518", "title": "Group demands CBI probe into encounter", "text": "AURANGABAD: A group of activists under the banner of Lok Vikas Party staged a dharna in front of the district collectorate on Saturday demanding a CBI inquiry into the March 26 encounter operation carried out by the Auranbagad anti terrorism squad (ATS) in Himayat Bagh area here.Azhar Qureshi, a suspected member of the banned Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI), was gunned down in the encounter attack at Rozabagh in Himayat Bagh area.Others, including Khalil Khilji (20) and Abrar Babukhan alais Munna (36), wanted by the Gujarat police for their alleged involvement in the 2008 Ahmedabad blasts, were arrested.One of the suspects Akhil Khilji (42), who escaped to an area near Sailani Dargah in Chikhli taluka of Buldhana district, was arrested along with another suspect Zafar Qureshi, from Buldhana.Speaking to reporters, Abdul Rauf , president of the Lok Vikas Party, claimed there were many holes in the story that the ATS and the police narrated after the encounter operation. \"They first named Azhar as someone else while dubbing him a dreaded terrorist with several offences registered against him with the MP police. Later, it turned out to be Azhar who didn't have even a non-cognizable offence registered against him. That's why we submitted a memorandum to prime minister Manmohan Sigh urging him to order a CBI inquiry into the whole affair to expose the truth.\"When contacted, Navin Reddy, superintendent of police (ATS), Aurangabad, told TOI, \"We are open to any inquiry and investigation. Non-registration of any offence does not mean that the person was innocent. If it was so, why was he carrying two guns from which he fired several rounds at the ATS men?'' Reddy asked.Reddy pointed out that Azhar's three brothers were in prison for their alleged involvement in SIMI's activities and that he was closely associated with Abu Fazal, a suspected SIMI and Indian Mujahideen operative, who also ran a gang of looters.Reddy said Abrar was currently under the CID custody, which is ending on Monday. \"We would seek Abrar's custody and launch further investigations. We have already enough material to nail the suspects,\" he said. Akhil and Zafar will be produced before the Nagpur court on Monday as their 14-day remand ends on Monday, Reddy added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594853", "title": "Kunal and Dushyant's bromance!", "text": "The latest show from Sunshine Productions' Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha has a lot of camaraderie going on within its team.Take Kunal Kapoor aka Mohan and Dushyant Wagh Guru]for instance. Not only are they the best buddies on screen, their frienship extends to their real life too.\"It is really nice to work with Kunal. He is very humble and cooperative. Earlier he used to stay in Chembur. Since it was a long distance from the sets, he has recently taken a flat close to the sets. After our shooting hours we hangout very often.\"He also adds with a smile that Kunal and he goes for shopping together! \"\"I know usually two girls go out for shopping, but we enjoy our shopping time too!\"\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "12591397", "title": "31L meters shifted, not a single display device installed", "text": "PATIALA: The Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) has launched a state-level campaign to shift all power meters outside the houses of consumers to curb power theft but it is being done without fulfilling all mandatory norms.The rules stipulate that the authorities must install a display device (DD), which shows power consumption in the houses, before shifting all meters so that consumers can check their power consumption from it. Despite having shifted around 31 lakh meters, of the total of 51 lakh, the PSPCL has not installed even a single DD.\"As per norms the authorities must install DDs in all houses before shifting the meters outside houses. But the PSPCL authorities have not installed even a single DD in the state, which is a violation of norms,'' said Rajeev Lohatbaddi, from Democratic Lawyers' Association Punjab (DLAP). For this violation, the association has served a legal notice on PSPCL chairman and other senior authorities. They are preparing to file a PIL in the Punjab and Haryana high court for action against the PSPCL.The contactors hired to shift meters have been putting many meters on a single board and locking it. To prevent any tampering with the shifted meters, the keys have been handed over to the PSPCL authorities. \"How would I know which is my meter. There are many meters on a single board installed near my house. I don't know how much electricity my house has been consuming. When I requested the contactor to put my meter on a separate board, he said they don't have permission for it,\" alleged Gian Singh from Patiala.As per sources till October 31, 2011, around 16 lakh electricity meters had been shifted. But after directions and strictness of senior authorities, the process of shifting of meters gained momentum after October and till date authorities had shifted total 31 lakh meters. The move had been initiated in 2003 by the Congress regime to control power losses, but it was stalled after sometime due to political pressure.PSPCL director (distribution) Arun Verma confirmed that they did not have any arrangement to install DD before shifting the meters outside houses. When asked about violation of mandatory norms, he said, \"I will look into the matter and take necessary steps\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593778", "title": "A question of aptitude", "text": "Shamnad Basheer, Professor of Law, WB NUJS, on how to crack the Common Law Admission Test (CLAT), to be held on May 13CLAT or Common Law Admission Test is an all-India entrance exam conducted by 14 premier National Law Universities (NLUs) for the study of law (BA LLB degree).The CLAT paper carries a total of 200 marks and has five sections - English (including comprehension, 40 marks); general knowledge (current affairs, 50 marks); elementary mathematics (numerical ability of the class X variety, 20 marks); legal aptitude, 50 marks and logical reasoning, 40 marks. All questions are multiple-choice questions carrying one mark each. There is no negative marking. CLAT is a competitive exam requiring focused and extensive preparation. Over the years, CLAT has moved away from being a means of testing 'knowledge' to that of testing a candidate's 'aptitude.'Legal ReasoningLegal reasoning is perhaps the most critical part of the paper, testing for the most important quality that a lawyer needs to possess. Along with general knowledge (GK), it carries the highest proportion of marks in the paper. Given that the CLAT paper is now based primarily on 'aptitude,' candidates who are likely to do well are those that come with no preconceived notions of law. In other words, while answering legal reasoning questions, candidates must apply their minds to the legal propositions cited, take them at face value and then apply them to the given situation. The legal propositions in the paper may not be entirely accurate, which is why any prior knowledge of law could prove disadvantageous.EnglishThe English and comprehension section requires proficiency in the English language - good vocabulary, grammar and reading skills. Any standard English grammar and comprehension textbook can be consulted and practised along with regular reading of newspapers, in order to do well in this section.General KnowledgeNewspapers also have the added advantage of helping one stay updated on current affairs. It must be noted that CLAT now only asks for knowledge of current affairs, and not of static knowledge (when was Humayun born or what is the common name of mimosa pudica).MathsAs for maths, the level is quite elementary (class X), but the questions can be tricky. Brushing up on concepts such as ratio and proportion, simple and compound interest, percentage and all other mathematical questions that typically crop up in a class X paper are recommended.Logical ReasoningLogical reasoning and legal aptitude are the key test areas. To do well in logical reasoning one can practise a wide variety of questions from various question banks and books. CLAT tests for a variety of logic including verbal and non-verbal logic. However, visual reasoning questions are not asked.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594337", "title": "What's common between Saas Bina Sasuraal and Parichay?", "text": "Last week, popular television serials like Saas Bina Sasuraal, Parichay, Kya Hua Tera Vaada and Balika Vadhu had something in common. Guess what was it?All these top rated shows that are aired in the prime time slot had one common element. Call it a mere coincidence but all these shows had hospital sequences running in them almost throughout the week. And interestingly prime protagonists in all these shows met with an accident.Balika Vadhu had Jagya's wife injured, Saas Bina Sasuraal had Toastie (played by Aishwarya Sakhuja) in coma, Parichay had Kunal's (played by Sameer Soni ) wife on the verge of falling in coma and Kya Hua Tera Vaada had the vamp in unconscious state. Starting from 8pm till 10:30pm, all shows had their plots revolving in and around the hospital rooms. Ardent followers of the show had almost tagged the week as a 'hospital week' of television on many social notworking sites.And in most probability, this week will have another common element amongst all these shows. From what the pre-caps seem to have promised, these shows will have their hospitalized protagonists getting out of their comas or being shifted to home. So what would you call this week - 'discharge week' on television?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590928", "title": "MBA in urban management", "text": "A two-year MBA in urban management has been launched by The Energy and Resource Institute (TERI) University. \"Rapid urbanisation and expansion of our cities has brought in new challenges in management and governance. These challenges require a radical change in the way we have been managing urban development in our country. \"There is a severe shortage of trained manpower to manage urban development in the country, which has resulted in haphazard and non-inclusive growth, deficient basic services and weak and fragmented institutions in urban centres. This course has been launched to fulfil the increasing demand for urban development professionals with managerial skills,\" says Rajiv Seth, registrar and professor of finance, at the university.The subjects that will be taught over the four semesters include managerial economics, urban policies, urban legislation, municipal accounting and financial management, project development, management and financing and SEZ and township development, among others.The programme will be taught by the faculty from TERI University, professionals from TERI and other research and consultancy-based development organisations and practitioners from public and private sectors engaged with urban development.\"A significant emphasis has been laid on the principle of 'active learning based on strong conceptual understanding' through academics and professionals delivering the course. Students would have to undertake an eight-week summer internship as well as a research project to show their understanding of real-world urban management problems,\" says Seth.On employment opportunities, he says that the university has a placement cell to assist, both for projects and for final placements. \"Students can join government organisations or private sector firms engaged in urban and real estate development and management and infrastructure, consulting firms, financial institutions, non-governmental organisations and community-based organisations participating in urban development activities, and institutions conducting urban research, training and capacity building activities,\" he adds.Aspirants must hold a Bachelor's degree with minimum 50% aggregate marks or an equivalent CGPA and English as a subject at least till the +2 level. Those appearing for the final year of Bachelor's degree/awaiting results can also apply. Candidates will be shortlisted based on GMAT/ CAT/ MAT scores and marks obtained in the qualifying degree.Selection from shortlisted candidates will be on the basis of group discussions and interviews conducted by the university in Delhi. The total numbers of seats for the programme are 30.For more information, visit, www.teriuniversity.ac.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588325", "title": "Bull racing rampant in Maharashtra despite ban", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 150 bullock carts from 22 villages near Pune took part in an illegal bullock cart racing event at Kauthe village on April 6, despite a ban imposed by state and central authorities. The bullocks were pulled up roughly to the starting line in the summer heat and then hit to make them run at unusually high speeds, as onlookers applauded the sight.The organizers at Kauthe were reportedly aware that they were breaking the law as they brazenly announced on loudspeakers at the racing venue: \"If Salman (Khan) can hunt animals, we are only racing our strong bullocks.This is an age old parampara (tradition).\"People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India has denounced this illegal racing event. \"The bullocks are not built to achieve high speeds on dirt tracks. They suffer multiple joint problems and other physical ailments as the confused and tormented animals are forced to run to entertain villagers in the name of tradition,\" said veterinarian Dr Manilal Valliyate of PETA India.Valliyate added that the organization will write to the state government as well as the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) about the Pune event. Reportedly, PETA India has also received information that a similar illegal bullock cart racing event was held at Sangli on Sunday.The Bombay high court had clearly directed the state to strictly ban any racing events involving bullocks or other such animals in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12588121", "title": "Changes in optical response sheet", "text": "KANPUR: This year, the IIT-JEE witnessed changes in the optical response sheet (ORS). A two-part carbonless copy-based ORS was given to the students. The candidates filled the top sheet, which was ORS, including the answers, with a black ballpoint pen. The ORS was glued together with the bottom sheet.Impression made by the candidate on the ORS was left on the bottom sheet. At the end of the examination, the invigilator detached the two sheets, keeping the ORS with him/her and gave the bottom sheet to the candidates.The authorities of IIT-Kanpur informed that the solution keys of IIT-JEE-2012 will be displayed on the JEE website by May 1. The candidates will be able to see the evaluated ORS images between May 4 and 9. Results will be declared on May 18.This year, the candidates were allowed to use black ballpoint pens to darken the circles on the ORS instead of pencils that were used till last year. The students had come to the examination centres with pencils as well but they were instructed to make their choices on ORS with black ballpoint pens only.The students were asked to produce the admit cards. Left hand thumb impression of each candidate was taken at the examination centres to establish the identity. After verification, the students were given entry into the examination centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12590452", "title": "Marcaim youth feared drowned in Nirankal rivulet", "text": "PONDA: Jitendra Gaude, a youth from Wadalwada-Marcaim was feared drowned in a rivulet at Cumbharwada-Nirankal in Ponda on Sunday.Ponda police said they could neither find him alive nor retrieve his body until late Sunday night.Gaude, who was working at a pharmaceutical factory at Marcaim industrial estate, was on a picnic at Nirankal with about 14 colleagues from the factory on Sunday.They were swimming in the rivulet and a colleague found Gaude missing in the group on Sunday afternoon.They immediately started searching him and informed Ponda police, who later sought services of Ponda fire department personnel to conduct a search drive in the river waters.Police said the search operation was on until late Sunday night; however, they could not find Gaude alive nor could they trace his body.The search operation will be resumed on Monday morning, police said.Ponda police sub inspector Hiru Kawlekar is conducting the search operation with the help of police staff and Ponda central fire station personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588377", "title": "Taxi strike from May 2", "text": "MUMBAI: Taxi drivers have decided to go on an indefinite strike from May 2 if the government fails to form a new committee to decide fare hikes and to demand a further increase of Rs 3 in the tariff.Members of taxi unions met in Dongri on Sunday. Union leader A L Quadros, who chaired the meeting, said, \"The minimum fare should be increased from Rs 17 to Rs 20. We want the government to appoint a new panel to decide fare hikes. If the state transport department fails to form the committee by May 2, all taxis will go off roads indefinitely.\"A delegation of cabbies will meet state transport department officials to push for its demand of Rs 3 hike. Taxi drivers have also decided to protest against hefty third party insurance premiums.Cabbies will not participate in the April 16 strike called by auto unions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590874", "title": "CLAT: A question of aptitude", "text": "CLAT or Common Law Admission Test is an all-India entrance exam conducted by 14 premier National Law Universities (NLUs) for the study of law (BA LLB degree).The CLAT paper carries a total of 200 marks and has five sections - English (including comprehension, 40 marks); general knowledge (current affairs, 50 marks); elementary mathematics (numerical ability of the class X variety, 20 marks); legal aptitude, 50 marks and logical reasoning, 40 marks. All questions are multiple-choice questions carrying one mark each. There is no negative marking. CLAT is a competitive exam requiring focused and extensive preparation. Over the years, CLAT has moved away from being a means of testing 'knowledge' to that of testing a candidate's 'aptitude.'&gt;&gt; LEGAL REASONING: Legal reasoning is perhaps the most critical part of the paper, testing for the most important quality that a lawyer needs to possess. Along with general knowledge (GK), it carries the highest proportion of marks in the paper. Given that the CLAT paper is now based primarily on 'aptitude,' candidates who are likely to do well are those that come with no preconceived notions of law. In other words, while answering legal reasoning questions, candidates must apply their minds to the legal propositions cited, take them at face value and then apply them to the given situation. The legal propositions in the paper may not be entirely accurate, which is why any prior knowledge of law could prove disadvantageous.&gt;&gt; ENGLISH: The English and comprehension section requires proficiency in the English language - good vocabulary, grammar and reading skills. Any standard English grammar and comprehension textbook can be consulted and practised along with regular reading of newspapers, in order to do well in this section.&gt;&gt; GENERAL KNOWLEDGE: Newspapers also have the added advantage of helping one stay updated on current affairs. It must be noted that CLAT now only asks for knowledge of current affairs, and not of static knowledge (when was Humayun born or what is the common name of mimosa pudica).&gt;&gt; MATHS As for maths, the level is quite elementary (class X), but the questions can be tricky. Brushing up on concepts such as ratio and proportion, simple and compound interest, percentage and all other mathematical questions that typically crop up in a class X paper are recommended.&gt;&gt; LOGICAL REASONING: Logical reasoning and legal aptitude are the key test areas. To do well in logical reasoning one can practise a wide variety of questions from various question banks and books. CLAT tests for a variety of logic including verbal and non-verbal logic. However, visual reasoning questions are not asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12589373", "title": "\u2018Rickshaw Run\u2019 begins from Fort Kochi", "text": "KOCHI: Rickshaw Run, an autorickshaw race organized by a UK-based adventure company, has come to Kochi again. The 'adventure with charity in mind' race started from Fort Kochi beach on Sunday and will end at Shillong in Meghalaya two weeks later.\"Earlier this year, we held a race from Jaisalmer in Rajasthan to Kochi. That was an extremely successful event, hence we chose Kochi again,\" said event manager Matthew Dickens.A total of 69 teams are taking part in the event and there are 160 international participants. They will be driving roughly 4,500km in two weeks.\"The teams this time have a tough journey - they have to practically cover the whole length of India in just a fortnight in the devastating pre-monsoon heat,\" Matthew told TOI. From Kochi, the 69 teams will travel through Munnar, Pondicherry and Orissa and then head east to Shillong. They will also raise money for India-based charities. \"The magic of Kerala bowled me over when I visited the state for the first time, and I hope the other participants will experience the same magic,\" said Katie Alcott, founder of Frank Water projects, the official charity partner of the event.Frank Water carries out sustainable water filtration projects across India.The last Rickshaw Run raised nearly Rs 1 crore, which was utilized to bring clean water to more than 50,000 people.Among the participants, many are UK citizens and they hope to generate more goodwill and funds than the previous edition. The race was flagged off by councillor Antony Kureethara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12590191", "title": "Pavana dam report under scanner", "text": "PUNE: The committee inquiring into the August 2011 incident of firing on farmers in Maval has questioned the conclusions drawn by the primary dispute resolution officer in the Pavana project report.While the report was submitted earlier by the irrigation department in response to a public interest litigation (PIL) filed in 2009, the observations were made on Sunday when BJP state spokesperson Madhav Bhandari appeared before the justice (retd) M G Gaikwad committee as an expert in water management. The irrigation official's statement is a part of the Pavana project report of chief engineer and primary dispute resolution officer.The committee was curious to know how the irrigation department official drew conclusions about the population growth of villages near Pavana dam. As per the census of 2001, the population of 39 villages near the dam in Maval tehsil was 42,892. The official concluded that by 2033 the population may reach 59,855, which, he said, is not very high and so the rise in demand for drinking water would be nominal. Gaikwad asked public prosecutor D D Shinde: \"On what ground it was decided that in 33 years the population of 39 villages will increase by merely 16,963. Compared to the positive population growth, this figure is doubtful. This estimation of population growth is not satisfactory.\"Other issues like the actual storage capacity of the Pavana dam and sanctity of the deal between Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation and Krishna Valley Development Corporation over water distribution also came up for discussion. While the irrigation department has claimed that the dam's capacity is 10 TMC, the panel observed that as per calculations the actual storage capacity of the dam is 8.25 TMC.Shinde asked Bhandari if he was aware of stoppage in the work of increasing the dam's heightbecause of opposition from farmers. The stoppage, Shinde said, has affected the work of plugging leakages in the dam. Bhandari argued that farmers opposed the increase in height of the dam because their demands about rehabilitation were not addressed. He said the farmers won't oppose maintenance works that will stop leakages in the dam.On equitable distribution of water, Bhandari said, \"The Maharashtra Krishna Valley Development Corporation, under which the Pavana dam comes, has no right to take decision on water distribution for drinking and other usage. It has to be decided in consultation with the Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran. The deal between PCMC and MKVDC should not be treated as legal.\" Bhandari also provided documents which state that water distribution is to be decided by the Maharashtra Jeevan Pradhikaran and not by MKVDC. Advocate Vinayak Abhyankar was Bhandari's counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594964", "title": "Nayan\u2019s conditions to pair up with Simbu", "text": "If sources are to be believed, Nayantara has put forward some conditions to star with Simbu.The two had starred together in Vallavan some years ago but during the making of this film there were some differences of opinion between the two and they parted ways.With Nayan returning back to face the camera, there are a lot of expectations that they would get back together on the silver screen. The buzz that is doing rounds now is that Nayan has no qualms over sharing the screen space with Simbu but has put forward some conditions.Sources say that Nayan has reportedly told people approaching her with such an offer that she will not do steamy scenes with Simbu.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12590246", "title": "Harshad Mehta's brother held in cheating case after 15 years", "text": "PUNE: The criminal investigation department (CID), Pune, on Saturday arrested Sudhir Metha, brother of the late share broker Harshad Mehta, for allegedly duping city-based financial firms to the tune of Rs 86.39 lakh in shares investments in 1997. Mehta was untraceable for 15 years.Acting on a tip-off, the CID team, led by deputy superintendent of police Vijak Tikole, arrested Mehta near a five star hotel in the city on Saturday evening. He was produced before the court on Sunday. He has been remanded to police custody till April 18.The complaint in the case, about alleged cheating and forgery, had been registered with the Faraskhana police station by Pune Stock Exchange member and director of a finance company Gopal Rathi on July 29, 1997.The CID had taken over the investigations from the Faraskhana police and had filed the chargesheet in 2004. The CID on November 14, 2011, had arrested Arvindbhai Manibhai Amin (69) and Laljibhai Manjibhai Patel (63), both residents of Ahmedabad, after their anticipatory bail pleas were rejected by the district and sessions court here.Other suspects in the case, Bharat Somchand Khona, Prafulla Kantilal Rokadiya, both of Mumbai, Shashikant K Gandhi, Rajan Jayankumar Mehta of Thane, are currently out on bail. Pune based share broke broker Mangal Kewalchand Jain and Amit Naginbhai Shaha of Ahmedabad in Gujrat are still untraceable.Investigating officer Tikole said in 1994, Mehta had taken over a private company from another suspect Amit Shah, who was working as managing director of that company. \"Mehta and Shah on March 10, 1994 had brought issue of 75 lakh equity shares into the market and earned Rs 750 lakh,\" Tikole said, adding, \"Out of 75 shares, the suspects had printed one lakh shares as fake and gave them to investors.\"Tikole said in April 1995, suspect Bharat Khona had given shares of the companies to local share broker Jain who mortgaged them to city-based financial institutions and had taken huge amount from them. Jain gave the money to Khona, who in turn invested them in the share market.Tikole said Jain had mortgaged 15,000 shares with the complainant Rathi's financial institution in Pune. After Jain became untraceable, Rathi sent the shares to the company to get them transferred on his name. \"When he came to know the shares were fake and were of zero value, he had lodged the complaint with the Faraskhana police station against the suspects for duping him to the tune of Rs 1.95 lakh,\" Tikole said.Tikole said the Sudhir Mehta, who is the brother of late share broker Harshad Mehta, was the mastermind in the case. He was untraceable since 1997. \"We got a tip-off that Sudhir Mehta would be coming to a five star hotel in Pune. We laid a trap and arrested him,\" Tikole said.Assistant public prosecutor R D Parmaj, who sough 14 days police custody for Mehta, said that the CID is yet to arrest another suspect Amit Shah in this case. \"The CID wants to trace the other suspects involved in the case with the help of Mehta and also to recover the complainant's cash of Rs 1.95 lakh and the fake shares,\" Parmaj said.The defence counsel Suchit Mundada told the court that the CID has already completed the investigations in the case. They also had filed the chargesheet. \"The accused had been granted transit bail in the case by the court in 2004. The accused does not have any fake shares with him. Therefore, for recovering the bogus shares, his police custody is not needed,\" Mundada said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590297", "title": "Punter held in Bodakdev for IPL betting", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 37-year-old man was arrested by Vastrapur police officials on Sunday afternoon for taking bets on the ongoing Indian Premier League (IPL) matches. Officials have seized cash, mobile phones along with a diary containing transactions from the spot.According to Vastrapur police officials, they got a tip-off that Alok Panchal, a resident of Teerthdham Flats in Bodakdev was involved in a betting racket. The team raided his flat on Sunday and nabbed him while he was taking bets on the Bangalore versus Delhi match.\"We found a television set, a laptop, five mobile phones and cash from the spot. We also found a diary containing transactions in codes. We have sent the mobile phone to the forensic lab to get information on his contacts. In his statement, Panchal has mentioned that he is builder by professionand is involved in schemes in western city parts. However, he saw good money in betting business during IPL season,\" said a Vastrapur police official.City police officials said that the IPL season has been favourite with the bookies for the stipulated timing and quick returns. \"People bet on entire team performance and player performances.We believe that the betting business has gone up by more than 100 per cent,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12592870", "title": "Ileana opposite Shahid in Vettai remake?", "text": "If all goes well Southern actress Ileana will be seen opposite Shahid Kapoor in the Hindi remake of UTV's Tamil film Vettai. We have heard that the actress has been approached for the Hindi remake that will be directed by the original filmmaker N. Linguswamy.Reportedly actor Ali Zafar has been approached to play Madhavan's role. Shahid has been signed to play Arya's role. The film is expected to go on floors by the end of this year.Ileana makes her Bollywood Debut with Anurag Basu's Barfee opposite Ranbir Kapoor. If she signs Vettai remake, she will bag her second Hindi film before the release of first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12590334", "title": "Youth Congress functionary stabbed to death", "text": "COIMBATORE: A drunken brawl at NSK Nagar near Neelikonamapalayam led to the murder of a Youth Congress functionary by three people on Sunday evening.Police said N Karthik alias Karthikeyan, 32, secretary of Youth Congress in Singanallur constituency area, was stabbed to death by three people when he intervened in a brawl involving his brother and three others. Karthik, who had the recent local body elections from ward number 62 unsuccessfully, was a resident of NSK Nagar in Neelikonampalayam.On Sunday evening, Karthik's neighbour P Thanga, 27, in inebriated condition, teased his close relative, Devi. When Devi's aunt Yesumani intervened, Thanga abused her. Yesumani is also the mother-in-law of Karthik's younger brother, N Bhuvaneshwaran.When Bhuvaneshwaran came to know about the incident, he warned Thanga. An argument erupted between them, which turned into a fist fight. Meanwhile, Thanga's brothers P Krishnan alias Krishnamurthy, 23 and P Balamurugan, 31, joined him and the three men attacked Buvaneshwaran. Thanga knifed Buvaneshwaran, who sustained injuries on his stomach and thighs. He was rushed to a private hospital in Singanallur.With his brother injured, Karthik arrived at the scene and threatened Thanga and his brothers that he would call the police. However, the brothers refused to back off and, instead, stabbed Karthik. He died on the spot. Thanga, Balamurugan and Krishnan fled the spot after the incident and are still to be found.The Singanallur police conducted an inquiry and two special teams are on the lookout for the accused. \"Our special teams will nab the culprits soon,\" said Hema Karunagaran, deputy commissioner of police, Coimbatore city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12591007", "title": "London is your campus", "text": "London got a little closer for students in India. The University of Westminster now has a dedicated team based in Delhi to answer prospective student queries and assist with the admission process. \"India is a priority country and to demonstrate our commitment we decided to have a base here. The university team in Delhi will also help to develop partnerships with institutions, government, corporates and alumni to enhance our visibility in the country,\" said Myszka Guzkowska, pro-vice-chancellor, University of Westminster, during a recent visit to the capital.Further, the university has expanded its scholarship programme for India. Colin Matheson, director of scholarships, said, \"We take pride to announce that our scholarships especially for Indian students are worth 120,000 pounds (Rs 1.2 crore) from 2012.\" An important feature of the scholarships is that they are made on the condition that, on graduation, students would have to return to work in India, he added.Matheson dismissed student apprehensions about the new UK visa rules by saying, \"The focus is on education not immigration. The rules will safeguard international students' interests. Now they can enjoy a proper graduate experience.\"The university also signed a MoU with the Jamia Millia Islamia University on media, arts and design. The new partnership will begin with sharing experience and expertise in teaching practice-based film and photography courses at the postgraduate level. \"We hope to explore opportunities for future collaborative research projects as well with other institutions in India on areas of mutual interest,\" added Guzkowska.Situated in Harrow and on three campuses in London, the university has around 20,000 students from over 150 nations. Launched in 1838 as Britain's first polytechnic, Guzkowska said work-based learning is core to the university's curriculum. \"Our courses are professionally relevant and recognised by professional bodies in the UK and globally,\" she added.Reiterating the importance of professional development, she said, \"We cannot expect professionals to continue to be fresh through their work life. Hence, continued professional development is a priority area.\" The university was recognised by the Higher Education Funding Council for England ( HEFCE) as a Centre for Excellence in professional learning from the workplace.As part of its India strategy, the university launched an Indian Alumni Association and a website for Indian students, www.westminsterindia.inVikram Mathur, a graduate in accountancy (1978 batch), who is heading the alumni association, said, \"The university provided an ideal learning environment in a vibrant city like London. The course covered all aspects of accountancy, thereby, equipping me with the skills required for the job market.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12596391", "title": "AOL to sell 800 patents to Microsoft for $1bn", "text": "NEW YORK: AOL Inc, under shareholder pressure to make strategic changes as revenue declines, agreed to sell and license patents to Microsoft Corp in a deal worth $1.06 billion.The transaction lets New York-based AOL generate additional funds amid slow advertising growth and a decline in its dial-up Internet subscribers. The company, whose revenue has dropped 29 per cent since its 2009 spinoff from Time Warner Inc, has faced pressure from shareholder Starboard Value LP to consider moves including a patent deal.AOL said it plans to return a \"significant portion\" of the sale proceeds to shareholders. Had the patent deal closed already last year, AOL said it would have had about $15 per share of cash on hand as of Dec. 31, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12589896", "title": "Forensic test to end baby swap row", "text": "CUTTACK: The SCB Medical College and Hospital authorities will conduct a forensic test to put an end to the alleged baby swapping controversy.\"The gynecology ward maintains a record of the foot print impressions of the babies immediately after their birth, so the foot print of the baby which the lady had delivered on March 30, is also in our records. We will tally those foot print impressions with the foot prints of the baby girl, which the family has disowned. The forensic test will make things clear,\" said Dr Srikant Mohapatra, the senior hospital manager.Hospital officials said the forensic test would be ordered on Monday and the expenses will be borne by hospital authorities.\"Conducting a DNA paternity test is not possible on our part as the test costs over Rs 20000 and we need legal orders to conduct it, but the forensic test is much cheaper. So we have gone for that,\" added Mohapatra. He said if both the foot print impressions match, it will be proved that the 10-day-old baby girl, lying abandoned in the neo-natal care unit of the hospital, belongs to the family.The parents, on the other hand, are not ready to accept the forensic test report as conclusive. They have sought a DNA test. Susanta and Rashmita Mallick from Nischinitakoili had accused the hospital authorities of swapping their new-born baby boy with a girl after its birth on March 30.The family has refused to accept the girl child and is staging an agitation inside the gynecology ward of the hospital for the last 10 days to get back their son.\"We trust neither the hospital authorities nor their records. Only a DNA test can reveal the exact truth behind the entire incident, so we will file a petition before the Orissa high court seeking a DNA test of the baby,\" said Susanta, father of the baby.A high court appointed advocate committee on Saturday also took stock of the entire incident and held discussions with the hospital authorities and the couple. The committee also advised the hospital authorities to install CCTV cameras inside the delivery room to avoid such controversies in future.State Commission for Women (SCW) chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi on Sunday said the commission is closely monitoring the development in the case.\"Action will be taken if anyone is found guilty of negligence of duties. The baby needs to be breastfed and brought up. But she has been deprived of that. We will examine the issue,\" the chairperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12589696", "title": "Cricket betting keeps Hubli cops on their toes", "text": "HUBLI: Cricket betting has raised its ugly head in the city once again and turned out to be a big challenge for police to crack down on the racket.With IPL kicking-off, businessmen, matka players and gamblers have been betting big money ranging from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 50 lakh. Just four days into the IPL, police successfully tracked down 10 persons in the city. They also recovered about 35-40 mobile sets, TV sets, and other equipment and Rs 60,000 used for betting.ACP (Hubli South) G M Desur told TOI that the modus operandi is to place bets through local agents who, in turn, get in touch with their Mumbai counterparts.Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner K Ramchandra Rao said special squads have been formed to keep vigil on betting spots here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588057", "title": "More students giving college the go by in city", "text": "MUMBAI: The story of youth revolves around time spent on campuses-exploring new ideas, bunking classes, whiling away hours in the canteen and debating issues in college corridors. Today, those who go into nostalgic mode about these activities would perhaps be sneered at by a new breed for \"throwing away\" precious time-a breed which, in an increasingly result-driven world, would rather employ its time 'productively'.Statistics indicate that more and more students are spending their teens away from the college universe. In Maharashtra, the number of students who took the Class XII exam privately this year stands at roughly 64,000, of which more than 50% were from Mumbai. About five years ago, Mumbai had roughly 23,500 students who gave college the go by and took Class XII privately; now there are at least 40% more students in this club.Many of these students go to coaching classes, a college's poorer version, where the years of youth get swallowed in preparing for competitive exams. Others take up a sport they are already playing at a level which leaves them no time to attend college. Yet others do a full-time job-oriented programmes.Not all students are staying away from college because they want to spend their time gearing up for their future. Inherent in the state board's statistics are also those who fail Class XI, and instead of repeating a year, take Class XII as external students.Acknowledging the fact that the number of students taking Class XII privately has gone up, T A Shiware, principal of Hinduja College, says it is because of the escalating failure rate in Class XI.While the country is streamlining its entrance tests to medical and engineering programmes (currently there are 135 entrance tests of all colours and shades that an engineering aspirant can take) and placing importance on Class XII scores so that science students go back college, it is the commerce and arts students in the state who make up the largest pool of those skipping college. NM College principal Sunil Mantri says he sees several students preparing for the common proficiency test ( CPT), the first step to chartered accountancy, soon after Class XI exams.Often, the college encourages the odd student to spend time off campus to pursue his or her dream. \"I see many students taking up a sport or a part-time professional course like interior/ fashion designing,\" HR College principal Indu Shahani says. Shahani has a student who is a snooker champion and has no time to attend classes-he has been advised by the college to take Class XII privately.As the principal of a science college put it: \"Students no longer see any point in coming to college. They have a clear professional goal, and we are not even giving them what they want. Naturally then, they are going to look the other way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12590005", "title": "Deceased PDP worker offered support of 18 MLAs: Farooq Abdullah", "text": "JAMMU: In a new twist to Haji Yusuf's mysterious death inside the Jammu and Kashmir chief minister's residential premises last year, Union minister Farooq Abdullah on Sunday said that Yusuf was a member of the People's Democratic Party and that he had offered the National Conference the support of 18 MLAs to help it form the state government, a proposal Farooq rejected outright.Farooq said this to reporters, replying to allegations made by rival political parties including the PDP that Yusuf had collected Rs 5 crore on behalf of the NC. Farooq said Yusuf never collected a penny for the party.\"Before Haji Mohammed Yusuf met me, he was a member of Mehbooba Mufti's PDP. He even made an offer to arrange support of 18 MLAs to help the NC form the government in 2008,\" Farooq said. \"I declined the offer and, God willing, I will turn down such proposals in future as well.\"The government on November 18 last year had appointed Justice (retd) HS Bedi as the head of a one-man inquiry commission to probe the death of 61-year-old Yusuf in crime branch custody.Yusuf was handed over to IG, crime branch, by CM Omar Abdullah on September 29, 2011, after he allegedly admitted to taking money from two NC workers for getting them favours from the government.The commission was asked to complete the probe in six weeks, but due to \"unavoidable circumstances\", the government granted Justice Bedi a three-month extension on January 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588087", "title": "Biker crushed on way to collect bride\u2019s dress in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: Biker Harish Pillai (31), who was crushed to death when a speeding double-decker BEST bus tipped over on Friday evening, was on his way to collect his fiancee's wedding wear. He was engaged to former colleague Sowmya Shetty and was to tie the knot on May 3.Sowmya's mother was distributing wedding cards at the time fire brigade officials were trying to haul up the bus weighing 7,600 kg and release Harish's body crushed underneath. It was only on Saturday that the family was told about the accident.Sowmya, who has been inconsolable since she heard the news, had called up Harish's friend Ashraf Khan to confirm if the dead biker was indeed her fiance. Sowmya's father Ramanna said the news has shattered her. \"We were all very happy about the wedding and have been busy with the preparations. She was supposed to go on leave from May 1 and look how her life has changed now,\" said the father. Khan said Sowmya was trying to reach Harish's phone all night and called him when he could not get through.The Saphalaya Cooperative Society in Gorai, where Harish lived with his brother and parents, wore a sombre look as his family and relatives returned from the crematorium after performing the last rites. His younger brother Santosh said BEST officials had met the family and offered condolences at Bhabha Hospital, where Harish was brought dead.\"They have not come to our place as yet. We got to know about the compensation only through media reports,\" he said. Santosh said the family was too much in grief to decide whether they would pursue the case or let the law take its own course.Sowmya's father blamed the accident on the driver's callousness and called for appropriate action against him. Harish's father was not in a position to talk. His mother, already suffering from a hip problem, has taken to bed.The bus driver, Jalimdar Bhosle, was produced in court on Saturday and released on bail.Khan, Harish's friend and colleague for two years at the BPO Capita in Andheri, remembered introducing him to the world of bikes. He described Harish as a reserved guy who loved to spring surprises. \"He was never predictable. He would never inform about things beforehand and would just surprise us. His wedding announcement too came the same way,\" he said, adding that Harish was a foodie and they often used to explore new eating places. Of late, Harish had developed a love for photography and purchased a high-end digital camera.Harish's other colleagues described his untimely death as a huge blow to the organization. \"He was an asset for us. He was promoted just five months ago to the position of team coach and always went that extra mile to facilitate work,\" said Harish's senior Kavil. He recollected that Sowmya too worked in the same team with Harish before moving to another organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12594065", "title": "Zardari got 'tame nudge' in India, told to work more: Pak media", "text": "ISLAMABAD: President Asif Ali Zardari's \"private spiritual journey\" to India ended with \"a tame nudge\" from the hosts who asked him to \"work more to win their love,\" Pakistani media said on Monday, noting that the visit should set the stage for the two sides to tackle contentious issues like the 26/11 probe.Photographs of a smiling Zardari shaking hands with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh adorned the front pages of all Pakistani dailies.Reports of the President's meeting with Singh during his day-long trip to India on Sunday noted that the Indian leader had accepted his invitation to visit Pakistan as well as New Delhi's call for more action against terrorists based on the Pakistani soil.\"Under JuD's shadow, Singh accepts Pakistan invitation,\" read the headline in The Express Tribune, while the influential Dawn newspaper headlined its report: \"Work to win love, Zardari told in Delhi.\"The Dawn, in its report on Zardari's visit, said the President \"enjoyed a sumptuous lunch... with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh before offering prayers at the shrine of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti in Ajmer, but his day-long officially 'private' visit to India ended with a tame nudge from the hosts who effectively asked him...to work more to win their love.\"The Express Tribune said in its report that Singh had accepted Zardari's invitation to visit Pakistan while renewing New Delhi's demand that \"Islamabad prosecute the perpetrators of the 2008 Mumbai siege - a clear reference to Jamaat-ud-Dawah chief Hafiz Saeed.\"The News, in an editorial titled \"A 'private' visit,\" noted that this was the first visit by a Pakistani head of state to India in seven years and said it was not easy to arrange meetings between the two countries, whose leaders usually hold talks on the margins of international diplomatic events.\"This visit, although it was not explicitly stated, was about consolidating the confidence building measures that have been cautiously embarked upon by the business communities of both states in the last year,\" the editorial said, referring to Pakistan's plans to give India Most Favoured Nation-status by next year.\"Both India and Pakistan could benefit mutually from enhanced trade; we have much to sell to one another. A reciprocal, but probably not private, visit by Manmohan Singh should be in the near rather than the far future if momentum is to be maintained,\" it said.The News and Pakistan Today, in their editorials, noted the criticism within Pakistan of the expenses on the visit by Zardari, who was accompanied by a sizeable entourage that included his son and Pakistan People's Party chief Bilawal Bhutto Zardari , who does not enjoy any state position.The size of the Presidential delegation and the cost of transporting it had led some to question whether the visit was really a \"private\" one, the dailies said.The Daily Times, in an editorial titled \"A spiritual journey,\" said Zardari's visit should now set the stage for the two countries to tackle contentious issues like the probe into the Mumbai attacks and the sharing of river waters.Pakistan Today, The Express Tribune and Daily Times noted that an avalanche had buried 135 people, including 124 Pakistani soldiers, on the Siachen glacier on the eve of Zardari's visit and called for steps to de-militarise the world's highest and coldest battlefield.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588382", "title": "Security blanket in city for Zardari visit", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city was under tight vigil on Sunday as Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari visited the capital for a luncheon meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh before heading to Ajmer. Elaborate security arrangements were made in the Lutyen's Zone and around 2,000 security personnel were deployed in the area, said a senior police officer.Senior officers said that sharpshooters from National Security Guard (NSG) had also been deployed at strategic locations to avert any untoward incident. Sharpshooters had been deployed on high rises on the route from the IGI airport to the Prime Minister's residence.The president was accompanied by his son Bilawal Bhutto and Pakistan interior minister Rehman Malik among others.The route from airport to Prime Minister's residence was sanitised and police took all precautions to ensure Zardari's convoy faced no problems. The special security measures remained in place till Zardari went back to the airport to fly to AjmerOfficials said security at the airport was also beefed up. Foreign heads of state who come to India are provided with Z-class security equivalent to that given to the Prime Minister. In such cases, the route taken by the cavalcade is out of bounds for general traffic and manned by commandos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12589610", "title": "Jabs work better on men in morning, say study", "text": "LONDON: The time of the day does matter when it comes to giving shots to men and women, claims a new study.Researchers at the University of Birmingham have carried out the study which suggests that by vaccinating men and women at different times of the day could help to ensure that the jab can boost their immunity against the disease, according to the researchers, The Sunday Telegraph reported.They believe that sex hormones like testosterone may be responsible for a change in the response to vaccines through the day. Also men tend to have higher testosterone levels in the morning.They found that a month after being given either Hepatitis A or a flu vaccination, the antibodies in the men who were injected in the morning were higher than those injected in the afternoon. There was a small increase among women injected in the afternoon.Dr Anna Phillips, who led the study, said, \"The effect was biggest for men. It wasn't statistically significant in women but seemed to be heading in the right direction.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589258", "title": "Woman found murdered near Kudlu lake", "text": "BANGALORE: The body of an unidentified woman, aged around 35 years, was found near Kudlu lake in Parappana Agrahara police limits on Sunday evening. Preliminary investigations revealed that victim was bludgeoned to death.Passersby noticed the body near the lake and informed police. The assailants had killed the woman by smashing her head with a boulder. The woman's identity and the reason for the killing are yet to be ascertained, said Parappana Agrahara police, who have registered a case of murder and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12589720", "title": "CPM sets 3-term limit for party secretaries", "text": "KOZHIKODE: By limiting the tenure of secretaries in all levels of the party to three terms, the CPM on Sunday took a bold step in reining in the trends of institutionalization in the leadership.The constitutional amendment moved by general secretary Prakash Karat was approved by the CPM party congress through voting. Sources said four delegates voted against the amendment while two abstained.The amendment says a secretary, from local committee to the central committee, will be in the office for three terms only. There is a rider to allow a fourth term for a secretary if three fourth of delegates of a local area, state or national conference wants the secretary to continue for the fourth term. This decision needs to be approved by the upper committee. However, a fifth term for the secretary has been ruled out by the amendment.As per the constitutional amendment, the incumbent general secretary Prakash Karat can continue in the office for one more term. It is not clear whether the amendment will be applicable to the already elected committees.According to sources, amendments such as fixing age limit for office bearers brought by a section of delegates in the Congress along with the official amendment were rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590283", "title": "Close contest in offing for city's Bapunagar ward", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The vacant Bapunagar ward seat of the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) will witness a nail biting finish according to poll pundits. The byelections are being held here as one of the three BJP councilors, Kalpesh Chavda, resigned earlier this year to join the Indian Railways as an assistant engine driver. The BJP, in these elections, found a replacement and fielded Mukesh Parmar, a traditional party worker.On the other hand, candidate Jayanti Chavda is supposed to be a new face in the Congress fold. He was associated with the Majoor Mahajan Sangh and said to have a stronghold in amongst the textile labour families that live in the areas.The elections in Bapunagar are generally fought on the community lobbying. There are 15,000 Patels, 14,000 dalit votes, 16,000 votes of the Bakshi Panch community, and a strong population of 14,000 migrants. The minority population here is a paltry 1,500 votes.The two major issues that have been a bone of contention are the eviction of large slums clusters that cover town planning scheme area 10 and 11. AMC plans to clear the slum pockets to make way for two major roads. The Congress have been siding the slum dwellers who have moved the high court against the eviction of the slum dwellers. The second issue is the slow progress of the Lal Bahadur Shastri redevelopment project. The dismantled stadium has turned into a gutter and has invited local ire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590057", "title": "Educational programmes to mark Brain Awareness Week", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Regional Science City (RSC) will organise several educational activities for teachers, parents and students on April 10 during the Brain Awareness Week. RSC will organise the programmes in collaboration with National Brain Research Centre (NBRC), Manesar, Haryana. Brain Awareness Week is the global campaign to increase public awareness about the progress and benefits of brain research. To mark the week, RSC will organise programmes like brain quiz, poster making contest and science show on magical brain and a popular science lecture. tnnThe Week unites the efforts of universities, hospitals, patient groups, government agencies, schools, service organizations and professional associations worldwide during weeklong celebrations of the brain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12580598", "title": "Sonakshi rejects film with Shahid!", "text": "Sonakshi Sinha has turned down the remake of South venture Vettai that has Shahid Kapoor in the lead.Apparently, the actress found the plot to be very male dominated and did not find herself befitting the role. A source said, \"D1irector N Linguswamy especially flew down from the South to give Sonakshi a narration. But at the end of it she felt that the story had little for her to do.\" After playing prominent parts in Dabangg and films Joker, Rowdy Rathore, Lootera and Once Upon A Time In Mumbaai 2, she felt Vettai would not be a right career move for her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "12590618", "title": "Goa played host to 27L tourists this yr", "text": "CALANGUTE: Every year the number of tourists visiting Goa-both foreign and domestic-keeps increasing. The current 2011-12 season, which is nearing its end, has been no exception going by the feedback of the stakeholders. Everybody also feels things can get a little better provided some much-needed infrastructure is put into place. The tourism season was briefly adversely affected because of the restrictions during the elections. Everybody is looking at the coming panchayat elections with trepidation because the restrictions will come at the height of the April-May holiday season.Director of tourism Swapnil Naik said more than 27 lakh tourists visited Goa during the last one year, which is \"marginally\" more than the previous year. \"Last year, there was a major increase in the number of tourists,\" he said. There was a major increase in tourist flow during the last monsoon because of a number of long weekends. The monsoon was earlier considered as the off-season, but that has been changing and the figures have now increased substantially.\" \"Till March-end this year, there had been 849 charter flights and the figure is expected to cross the 900 mark by the end of the season,\" Naik said.Although the numbers have been rising, many feel there has been a qualitative decline. John Rodrigues has been a cruise boat operator for around two decades. Apart from the dolphin spotting, crocodile watching boat trips, he also operates houseboats along the Siolim-Colvale river which take guests on backwater cruises. \"Overall, the season has been good. But the spending power of the tourists is slowly eroding. We are not attracting the same quality of tourists that we would previously attract,\" he said.Why is that? \"Somebody who has come 10 years ago, now finds that the beach has become dirtier,\" says Rodrigues. That visitor has other international options and he/she soon discourages his/her friends from coming to Goa, creating a negative ripple effect. But he added, \"Maybe in the years ahead the quality of the tourists will increase with more infrastructure.\"The tourism industry in Goa has managed to work around this problem by targeting new markets abroad, to compensate for the fall in visitors from the older markets like the UK.Rodrigues also feels that eco-tourism has not been adequately tapped. \"People are looking at going back to nature and more people should come out in Goa and provide these activities, rather than only looking at beach tourism,\" he said.Keeping this in mind, the Parrikar government has formulated two new schemes to encourage eco-tourism and to develop heritage homes for tourists. These schemes are in the form of subsidies and low-interest loans, said Naik, adding that new jetties are also being constructed in hinterland areas so that the waterways can be used to ferry tourists to interior Goa which abounds in natural beauty.Calangute beach, of course, continues to be a magnet for thousands of tourists every day, most of them domestic. The beach is packed practically throughout the year and almost all the shacks and other tourism-related businesses do well during the season. Many here talk of the problem of plenty: Too many tourists, too many shacks, too many resorts, too many restaurants and bars, all offering the same kind of services. But despite this and in spite of the garbage and filth strewn all over, the tourists continue to pour in. Says Nash, owner of a Calangute beach shack, \"The season has been great. I have absolutely no complaints.\"The beaches elsewhere, particularly in Salcete, do not attract huge crowds, but still nobody is complaining. A typical budget hotel with a swimming pool in Fatrade, Varca, had an occupancy of 75% this season, said manager of a hotel John Coutinho. \"The season has been good. We get a mixed clientele of domestic and foreign tourists,\" he said.The plus point for the Salcete beach belt is the absence of huge crowds on the beaches, unlike in Calangute. Because of this, the area attracts the more up-market domestic traveller. It's only in Palolem in South Goa that the crowds come even close to those in Calangute because of the wide approach road to the beach and the easy availability of parking space.In the extreme north, Arambol had shown a lot of promise in the late 1980's and 1990's. But the narrow approach road to the beach and the complete absence of public parking facilities has acted as a roadblock to its emergence as a major beach destination. Also, the two nullahs which empty into the sea at the main beach have turned into sewage-filled nullahs and even the famous sweet-water lake in now almost a cesspool. Besides, there are no quality hotels in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "san francisco", "code": "12595727", "title": "How SAP Ventures is helping SAP", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: SAP AG (SAP), Europe's biggest software maker, is celebrating its 40th birthday this week. To stay relevant for the next 40 years, the company is calling on its Silicon Valley venture arm for help.Backed by $353 million from its parent, SAP Ventures is searching for startups building cloud-computing applications, open-source software and employee-collaboration tools. It led a $50 million investment last week in Violin Memory Inc, a maker of flash memory for data centers, and the firm has previously made profitable bets on LinkedIn Corp and ExactTarget Inc.Spun out of SAP as an independent entity in 2011, SAP Ventures is tasked with turning a profit while helping keep its sole investor on top of emerging trends.With $20 billion in sales and more than 55,000 employees, SAP needs help coping with the \"innovator's dilemma,\" a phrase coined by Harvard Business School professor Clayton Christensen in the 1990s that refers to the challenges industry leaders face in spotting disruption before it threatens their business.\"The world will change no matter what happens and you might as well get insight into it,\" said Nino Marakovic, chief executive officer of SAP Ventures in Palo Alto , California. SAP \"has been incredibly forward thinking and supportive of our activities that step on SAP's feet a little bit,\" he said.Broader trendThe field of corporate venture capitalists is getting more crowded. They increased their investments by 15 per cent in 2011 to $2.3 billion from $2 billion the previous year, according to a report last month from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and the National Venture Capital Association.Google Inc's venture unit is investing as much as $200 million annually in startups, and Comcast Corp. opened a San Francisco office for its venture division last year. Dell Inc, meanwhile, hired Jim Lussier from Norwest Venture Partners in 2011 to restart a venture business more than a decade after closing it.SAP Ventures was started in 1997 and until last year operated as the strategic investing unit of its parent in Walldorf, Germany. The division invested in more than 100 companies in those 14 years -- including WebEx Communications Inc, now owned by Cisco Systems Inc, and Red Hat Inc.SAP started SAP Ventures Fund I in January 2011 to give the firm's partners complete control over investment decisions. SAP Ventures invests $3 million to $12 million in each startup and is likely to raise another fund next year of a similar size as the current one, Marakovic said.Dot-com eraWhile large enterprises need to invest in innovation, they've had a mixed record as venture capitalists, said Bob Ackerman, the founder of Allegis Capital in San Francisco and a lecturer in venture finance at the University of California at Berkeley.They tend to come in when there's growth, such as during the dot-com boom of the 1990s, and leave when the market sours, he said. The significance they place on venture capital can also shift when there's a change in management or board of directors.\"I've seen situations where there's a change of CEO and the program abruptly stops,\" Ackerman said. \"For the corporate venture team, that can be very frustrating, but for the portfolio company dependent on those corporate relationships, it can be a disaster.\"That's one reason SAP wanted more separation from the venture unit. Now it's just up to the partners to make the right deals -- something they've had success at so far. The fund backed business-networking site LinkedIn and e-mail marketing provider ExactTarget (ET), which both went public in the past year.It also owned a stake in Endeca Technologies Inc., which Oracle Corp bought for more than $1 billion in December, and LogLogic Inc, purchased this week by Tibco Software Inc.Box, LithiumSAP Ventures has invested in some of the most high-profile business software startups, including Box Inc, the provider of cloud storage and collaboration, and Lithium Technologies Inc, a social-media marketing company.In addition to providing a window into Silicon Valley innovation, the investments are part of a plan to help SAP expand beyond traditional business software. The company has stepped up acquisitions to boost its cloud and mobile offerings, purchasing SuccessFactors Inc this year and Sybase Inc in 2010.Cloud computing allows companies to get their software and processing power delivered over the Internet, freeing them from having to maintain servers themselves.SAP also is investing in new fields such as in-memory analytics, which allows clients to perform calculations rapidly and directly from large amounts of data.Dealing with stigma?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kasauli", "code": "12591498", "title": "Rhythm and Blues festival ends with resolve to work for a cause", "text": "KASAULI: After three days of rocking music and loads of fun moments, the Rhythm and Blues (R&B;) Festival, 2012, that was organized for a cause concluded here on Sunday on a positive note with donors returning to their home towns with a stronger resolve to contribute further for the cause of seriously ill children.The day started in the beautiful lawns of the Kasauli Club that has a bird's eye view of the whole valley, with a brunch organized for donors, even as the Army band played music.The band gave a scintillating performance, for nearly an hour playing traditional Army tunes, besides instrumental music. It was followed by a performance of an Army jawan, who rendered popular Hindi numbers, winning huge applause.\"Having a sumptuous brunch at the Kasauli Club amid a flawless performance by the Army band was the best way of ending our festival. This place presents a beautiful panorama and everybody enjoyed the view. Our attempt of organizing this festival in the hills has been a big success as was clear from the number of people who turned up from far off places for it,\" Prema Sagar, founder trustee of the NGO, Genesis Foundation, told TOI.The R&B; fest, which kicked off on Friday, was organized by the Genesis Foundation to raise funds for the treatment of eight children in the age-group of 11-months to 16 years. Around 350 donors besides other music lovers, from different parts of the country, had gathered in Kasauli to be a part of this festival.After the Army band, Pragnya Wakhlu, a rocker who had won much appreciation on Saturday for her performance, again enthralled the audience on Sunday. Wakhlu, who hails from Kashmir, set the mood by singing a Kashmiri song, which was followed by a number of western numbers.During the jam session, a Delhi-based donor Shirish Joshi took the stage, playing the guitar and singing songs.\"I contributed for the first time for the cause of the kids with the foundation. I liked their idea of gelling the cause of poor children with music and the hills. I am impressed by the outcome and would continue contributing for this cause,\" said one of the donors, requesting anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12591486", "title": "Virbhadra, Sharma call separate meets tomorrow", "text": "SHIMLA: Battle of supremacy within Congress is wide and open now as two Union ministers of Congress plan a show of strength in the state on April 10. While Virbhadra Singh would hold a get-together for party leaders at his residence in Shimla to celebrate his 50 years in politics, Anand Sharma would meet party leaders at Palampur.The day is expected to expose the shallow claims of some MLAs of unity among senior leaders like Virbhadra Singh, Anand Sharma, Kaul Singh Thakur and Vidya Stokes. Recently, party's young MLAs had claimed to bring all senior leaders on a single platform after holding one-to-one meetings with them. Interestingly, while Kaul Singh would be present with Sharma on August 10, Stokes is likely to adopt a neutral stance. Sources said both sides have asked their staunch supporters to ensure maximum presence.Virbhadra, who has constantly attacked the state leadership for failure to play the role of an effective opposition, has invited all MLAs, ex-MLAs and other party leaders to his residence. On the same day, he would discuss election strategy with his supporters, sources added. He will also address a rally at Gandhi Ground at Palampur on April 14, which is being coordinated by his close confidant and Baijnath MLA Sudhir Sharma. As the rally has been planned after Sharma and Kaul Singh's visit, it would be a show of strength by Virbhadra loyalist at Palampur, which has gained importance with many leaders eyeing to contest from here after delimitation of assembly constituencies.Party sources said factionalism had come to the fore as there were many aspirants for the chief minister's post. While Virbhadra had made it clear in his recent statements of playing an important role in the state again, Kaul Singh, too, had staked claim for top political post in the state. \"Who enjoys the support of a majority of leaders in the state would become clear on April 10. Both groups want to send a message to the party high command through this,\" said a senior leader.Virbhadra's supporters have also decided to hold a massive rally in Shimla on May 5 to honour him for his contribution to the party in the last 50 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594887", "title": "Thandavam delayed", "text": "Vikram's fans are in for a disappointment. Yes, the star's much-expected film Thandavam has been delayed. Thandavam was supposed to release in July this year but sources now say that the release date has been pushed to September.The ongoing FEFSI strike is also said to be one of the reasons for the delay in this film's release. According to sources, the audio of Thandavam will be out in July. GV Prakash has scored some great music for this film and there are sure to be some great chartbusters, say sources close to the film unit.Thandavam stars Vikram as the main lead and has Anushka and Amy Jackson pairing up with him. AL Vijay has directed this film which is being produced by UTV Motion Pictures.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588163", "title": "Expo to revive East Indian era", "text": "MUMBAI: If you enjoy revisiting old traditions of the city, then the annual MGP East Indian exhibition is the place to be.In an attempt to revive the remarkable culture of gaothans in the city, the Mobai Gaothan Panchayat (MGP) is organizing an exhibition next week.\"We endeavour to bring the entire community together and inform coming generations about our culture and roots, which date back to the 1800s,\" said MGP member Corina Misquitta. East Indian artefacts like utensils, equipment and coins will feature in the expo. \"We have collected coins that were in use over a century ago. Some families will display crockery which has been passed on from one generation to another,\" added Misquitta.One of the contributors to the exhibition, the Misquittas of Vile Parle have been at the forefront of the community since the early 1800s. Francis Juran Misquitta owned a brick factory in the western suburbs and has donated bricks for several churches and schools in the city.Last year, MGP proposed to set up an East Indian museum in Manori. While work is in progress, the organizers are requesting community members to showcase their artefacts at the expo or donate it to the museum. \"It feels great to bring the entire community together, it gets quite nostalgic,\" said MGP member Prem Moraes.The exhibition will be held at the Irla Church veneration hall between 1.30pm and 8pm on April 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12589985", "title": "Panjab University scores less, misses out on coveted status", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Thanks to the low scores that Panjab University got in the field of research and handling finances, it was ranked 7th and not granted the status of \"University with potential excellence\" (UPE) by Union ministry of human resource and development (MHRD).However, PU, which was awarded 40 marks out of 180 for research work by a team of the ministry, has decided not to take it lying down claiming that it was the only university with more than 14,000 citations on popular research website-Scopus in last five years behind Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, with 32,000 citations. PU has taken up the case with the Union government for having been ranked \"low\" and hence missing out on UPE status. In a latest move, according to sources in MHRD a review is now being done on the evaluation of PU.Discontented over being ranked 7th, which was lesser that its counterparts, including Guru Nanak Dev University (GNDU) and Punjabi University, Patiala, a committee comprising senior PU teachers was formed to investigate the case few weeks ago. While top six universities were awarded UPE status, PU was slated to miss out huge grants under this scheme.\"A detailed analysis was carried out to verify, how PU was rated,\" said B S Brar, dean university instructions, PU. University officials, who sought information under RTI on how it was evaluated on various parameters, came up with a detailed note on differences in the actual ground situation and marks allotted to it.PU vice-chancellor R C Sobti mentioned in the last senate meeting on March 31 that the university has challenged the rating. Besides PU, another university of national repute in Maharashtra has expressed discontent on being rejected for the UPE status on certain parameters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12587945", "title": "Cuffe Parade murderer held?", "text": "MUMBAI: The Cuffe Parade police on Saturday arrested a youth after locals caught him fleeing with a five-year-old girl. The police believe he could be the serial child killer wanted for the murder of two children in the area.On Saturday evening, the five-year-old was playing outside her chawl when Krishna Pawar lured her with a chocolate and took her away. The child's eight-year-old sister immediately alerted their father, Maula Chand Shaikh, who raised the alarm and rescued the child from Pawar.The locals helped catch Pawar and handed him over to the Cuffe Parade police. He has been booked for kidnapping. \"The residents beat Pawar to the extent that he is now in a state of shock and has not recovered enough to answer our queries. Once he regains his senses, we will begin our interrogation sessions,\" said a police officer.The police said that during preliminary inquiries, Pawar told the police that he had kidnapped the child to make her beg on the roads for him. The police, however, is not buying this version completely and believe that Pawar may be the serial killer. Police said that even if they are to believe him, there is a possibility that Pawar may spill the beans on the child begging racket. To ensure this, the police have taken Pawar's fingerprints, blood samples and DNA samples to match against evidence found with the bodies of the two victims. The police had found some bloodstains on the undergarments of one of the victims.In November 2011, a three-and-a-half-year-old girl, a resident of Shiv Shakti chawl in Cuffe Parade, was found murdered near the fire brigade station at Nariman Point. A month and a half later, on January 17, 2012, a three-year-old child, a resident of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Nagar, was found dead near Veej Bhavan at Cuffe Parade with multiple head injuries. There were rumours that the murders were human sacrifices. On March 15, a 32-year-old was caught trying to lure a child under the pretext of giving her sweets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12589255", "title": "\u2018Normalization\u2019 likely to turn controversial again'", "text": "KOCHI: The 'normalization of marks' controversy is likely to resurface this academic year as the government is yet to formulate a proper solution to incorporate the Class XII marks of the CBSE/ICSE system with that of the state syllabus.Normalization was proposed by the previous LDF government to help state students in Kerala Engineering Architecture Medical (KEAM) examination as most ranks went to students in the CBSE/ICSE stream. It created a controversy that led to litigations and protests by different parent forums and school organizations.Normalization turned tables on meritorious students as state students, who had not cleared their Class XII, got admission. For instance, when the formula was applied, a student who scored 100 marks in a subject ended up getting 95 while a state student, who barely passed, ended up getting a higher rank. This anomaly skews the rank list in the middle part where a mark gained or lost decides an admission.According to the prospectus of the common entrance examinations (CEE) for KEAM, the proposed normalization scheme uses the same equation consisting of mean and standard deviation that was used in 2011. \"The difference is that the mean and standard deviation for 2012 will be computed for the last four years from 2009-2012 for the main four syllabi in CBSE, ICSE, state and VHSE,\" said CBSE-ICSE parents forum coordinator Dr Sanal Kumar. He had moved the court and Justice Mohammed Committee on the variations in engineering admissions last year.\"The standardization committee of the state government does not address a major deficiency of the equation. The proposed equation, in many instances, is inadequate to convert a 100% score to 100% itself,\" said ISRO mathematical scientist Dr R Purushottaman Nair.\"According to experts, the proposed scheme for KEAM 2012 will be the same that was used last year. The significant deviation this time is that in 2012, Kerala HSE scores will be converted to the common scale and they will also lose marks,\" said Dr Sanal Kumar.\"The fundamental solution is to modify the proposed equation so as to make it capable of converting 100% to 100% only. Unless the current marks are taken into consideration and a formula worked out where a student getting 100 marks should get its equivalent and not 95%,\" said Nair.'Normalization of marks' was proposed by the previous LDF government to help state students in Kerala Engineering Architecture Medical examination as most ranks went to students in the CBSE/ICSE stream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590285", "title": "Local body polls see low turnout", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The local body by-elections to 23 nagarpalika, district panchayat, taluka panchayat and the Bapunagar municipal ward in Ahmedabad received a lukewarm response across the state. On the whole, the state election commission reported average voting percentages.In 14 taluka panchayats, which held elections for a total of 20 vacant seats, the average voting was 56 per cent, in two district panchayats with three vacant seats the voting was 32 per cent. In the six nagarpalikas where there were eight vacant seats, the turnout was 53 per cent. For the lone municipal ward seat in Bapunagar in Ahmedabad, only 44.31 per cent voters turned out.Though, on the whole, the elections were peaceful, some party workers and supporters of an independent candidate were involved in a skirmish in Vaso village of Nadiad. For Nadiad nagarpalika's ward nine seat, a BJP candidate won uncontested.Voters turned out in huge numbers in the by-election of a single taluka panchayat seat in Dharampur, which recorded a total of 80.28 per cent voting. The two areas - Dhamni and Moti Kurvat - contributed to the maximum number of voters. Similar is the case with Karamsad Nagarpalika seat where voting was almost 70 per cent. In Kodinar the voting percentage was 65 per cent for the taluka panchayat seat.BJP's urban local body cell chief Pradipsinh Khimani was happy about the high percentage of voting. \"The popularity of the candidates resulted in the higher turnout. BJP has fielded popular candidates across 32 seats and you see high percentile of voting.\"The Congress claimed to make a dent in Keshod and Kalavad nagarpalikas in Junagadh and Jamnagar districts. Here, by-elections are held for a single vacant seat.Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee vice president Girish Parmar said, \"There has been a 15 per cent increase in voting percentage in the local body elections and only reflects the a strong anti-incumbency. Voting in local bodies in Junagadh, Jamnanagr, Nadiad, and Mehsana has shown a shift towards the Congress,\" says Parmar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589234", "title": "Government staff unhappy with pay hike", "text": "BANGALORE: The payslips of Karnataka government employees from May might show a quantum leap in their basic salaries, but the 5.53 lakh staff across the state are unhappy as they are still not on par with their counterparts at the Centre.The merger of dearness allowance (DA) with the basic is the major grouse. Though chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda said the revision envisaged a 22.5% increase in the individual salaries with the burden on exchequer being Rs 4,450 crore per annum, employees feel they have been deceived. ``The revision was long overdue and despite two revisions in 10 years, we are still not on par with the central government employees' scales that were revised a decade ago. There is a difference of 30 % in the pay scales of both,'' Karnataka State Government Employees Association president L Byrappa and treasurer Chowdaiah told TOI.On an average, an employee is going to be benefitted by Rs 2,500 to Rs 5,000 per month under the new scales. A senior officer whose present take-home pay is Rs 50,000 said the hike was just Rs 6,000 though the basic figure looked huge.Another bone of contention is the house rent allowance, which varies for employees staying in Bangalore and tier-two cities. With Bangalore extending its reach, the HRA is 25% of the basic salary as against 30% of central government employees. ``With the rentals being steep in the city, an employee staying in BBMP limits and 8km away like Hoskote or Nelamangala or Magadi gets the same HRA,'' Chowdaiah said.The association has represented to the CM on these discrepancies. The CM has sought a week's time to take a relook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589141", "title": "H1N1 screening begins at railway stations, airport", "text": "CHENNAI: The response to the H1N1 virus screening centres was lukewarm on day 1. Of the several lakh people arriving in the city via the airport and Central and Egmore railway stations on Sunday, just 300 people volunteered to get examined.Health and corporation officials hope the numbers will increase from Monday following announcements on loudspeakers and in the media. One passenger at Egmore station was asked to do a throat swab test at King Institute.The corporation along with government medical colleges began screening passengers on instructions from health minister V S Vijay. A table was set up in front of the departure and arrival boards at railway stations and outside the arrival terminal at the airport. Each centre was manned by six doctors.At Central station, despite announcements every half an hour asking people with colds, coughs, sore throats or fever to get themselves examined, passengers were intent on leaving. \"If my mother or I have a problem we will visit our family doctor,\" said Inder Kumar, who had arrived from Bangalore.Doctors have been administered the H1N1 vaccine. They have been instructed to send patients to Rajaji Hospital, Stanley Medical College, Kilpauk Medical College or the communicable diseases hospital in Tondiarpet. \"We will send three ambulances to centres to transport patients to hospitals,\" said Dr P Kuganantham, city health officer, Chennai corporation.The civic body has traced the places where they believe the city's 14 H1N1 patients contracted the virus. \"We have screened 15 schools and set up 14 centres. If sore throats are not cured with antibiotics, we advise people to take a swab test. We are educating people about the importance of covering their nose and mouth while coughing,\" said Dr Kuganantham.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590258", "title": "How rich sucked funds for BPL homes to renovate their houses", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Had it not been for two farm laborers from Dhank village in Rajkot, one would not have known how funds meant for constructing houses for below-the-poverty-line families are used to renovate houses of rich people. These labourers also found that in many cases, funds had been utilized to construct private houses illegally and even families ineligible under various schemes had been allotted homes.Bharat Ghughal and Bhanaji Jogel of Dhank village in Upleta taluka were intrigued when some fellow villagers complained that houses meant for them under Indira Awas and Sardar Awas Yojna were being denied to them when plots were available on revenue records. This spurred the duo to file RTI applications with the gram panchyat in June last year to determine the names and addresses of the beneficiaries who had secured houses under the two central schemes.\"We found that funds for 22 houses meant for BPL families in our village were siphoned off to repair houses of some rich people,\" says Ghughal. \"The panchayat's information on the availability of plots for the schemes lacked clarity and houses had been built illegally for APL (above the poverty line) families with the funds. This was criminal. We collected the details and informed the Gujarat vigilance commission.\"When the commission received the complaint of harassment from panchyat officials and the application of the duo, it ordered the district superintendent of police, Rajkot (rural) to take action. It also asked the district collector to investigate the matter.Ghughal and Jogel sent the documents obtained under the RTI Act to the panchayat, rural housing and rural development department in Gandhinagar. \"The section officer B B Rathod issued a show-cause notice to the district development office directing a thorough inquiry,\" says Jogel. \"He also wanted more such cases identified in the Rajkot district. This was a partial victory for us. Nearly eight officers, including the taluka development officer, are involved in the scam.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12588826", "title": "State can not take over minority school management, says HC", "text": "MADURAI: Setting aside an order of the Director of School Education (DSE) seeking to take over the administration of an aided-minority school in Kanyakuamari, the Madurai bench of Madras high court said any power exercised to take over the management of the school is totally barred under the provisions of the Tamil Nadu Recognised Private Schools (Regulation) Act, 1973.Sarojini Memorial Higher Secondary School, Orappanavillai in Kanyakumari district, is a recognized and aided linguistic minority educational institution established in 1947. An anonymous letter was sent to the district collector, Kanyakumari district, stating that staff members in the school were ill-treated and made to do personal work for the correspondent and there was also an allegation of sexual harassment by the correspondent against one junior assistant.Subsequently, a show-cause notice was issued on 20.08.2007 by the district education officer directing the correspondent of the school to explain why direct payment should not be made to the school based on certain complaints made against him by some employees of the school. The director of school education had passed another order on November 8, 2008, whereby the rights of the manager-cum-correspondent of the school were totally taken away in the administration of the institution. Hence the school correspondent filed the present petition seeking to quash the order of the DSE.Disposing of the petition filed by the correspondent, Justice K Ravichandra Baabu said the school was admittedly a linguistic minority school, protected under Article 30 of the Constitution of India. Though the department was entitled to make direct payment even in respect of minority schools, the power of taking over the management of such schools was barred under Section 36 of the Tamil Nadu Recognised Private Schools (Regulation) Act, 1973. Therefore, any power exercised which in effect was almost akin to taking over the management of the school was totally barred. Pointing out that the action of the DSE was totally erroneous as the same was without jurisdiction apart from one in violation of the principles of natural justice, the judge also set aside the impugned order passed by the DSE.However, Justice Baabu said insofar as the action of the authorities in making direct payment is concerned, it is open to them to proceed against the correspondent of the school afresh after strictly following the principles of natural justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587770", "title": "Zoo to have 3D theatre", "text": "PATNA: The authorities of the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park (zoo) here have planned to open a 3D theatre this year and organize several wildlife conservation programmes for students during summer vacation.The detailed project report (DPR) of the proposed 3D theatre is being prepared. \"We will float tenders after the DPR is approved. We have planned to screen daily three shows of films and documentaries based on wildlife and botanical research works,\" Abhay Kumar, director of the park, told TOI.To make the zoo a more attractive place for visitors and to earn more revenue, the authorities also plan to give a new look to the entrance with eye-catching and detailed boards. It generated Rs 5.60 crore during the last financial year.Regarding its wildlife conservation programmes, Abhay said students of different educational institutions of Bihar would be selected to attend the programmes. \"These are part of our long-term development plans for the zoo to serve the interests of wildlife and environment lovers. The Patna zoo has always been a place of educational tours for students. This time our initiative is to involve wildlife lovers in some exclusive training, free of cost,\" he said, adding that experts and conservators would impart training to the aspirants during the programmes.\"Wildlife conservation is a completely different subject. Only 'Save the tiger' plan is not wildlife conservation. Students should know the importance of saving and protecting even an owl,\" he said. The training sessions are likely to be held on the weekends so that students have time to spare for the programmes. Students are likely to be selected on the basis of applications forwarded by their respective institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596636", "title": "Priyanka Chopra not favouring SRK\u2019s KKR", "text": "Priyanka Chopra reveals how she is cheering for all her Bollywood friends' IPL teams.Priyanka Chopra was put in a spot when she was asked about her liking and loyalty for Shah Rukh's KKR when she showed up in support of the Pune Warriors.Priyanka Chopra performed at the unveiling ceremony of the Subrata Roy Sahara Stadium in Pune.Preity Zinta and Bipasha Basu also performed at the venue, just before the stadium hosted its first ever Cricket match between Pune Warriors and King's XI Punjab.Priyanka who looked ravishing in a bright red gorgeous Maharashtrian nine yard sari stood alongside Amitabh Bachchan as she spoke about how delighted she was to be there.The otherwise vivacious Priyanka however took a slight pause when asked if she wasn't supporting Kolkata Knight Riders this time around as last year. Priyanka was seen cheering KKR last year alongside Shah Rukh Khan last year.The actress however gave a smart reply as she said, \"I have many Bollywood friends who own IPL teams. There is Preity, Shilpa so I am going to be cheering for all of them.\"Given the whole alleged SRK-Priyanka linkup, looks like PC thought it would be better to play safe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587237", "title": "UGC scheme likely to come a cropper in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: As no college in the state has been made an autonomous institution till date, the UGC's recent scheme of awarding the status of 'degree-awarding college' to colleges during the 12th plan is likely to come a cropper in Bihar. Only colleges having 'College with potential for excellence' (CPE) tag, accredited by the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) and having the status of 'autonomous' institution are to be upgraded as degree-awarding institutions.In Bihar, there are only 20 colleges having NAAC accreditation. Five of them - Patna Women's College, A N College, Magadh Mahila College, B N College and Gaya College - have been accorded CPE status by the UGC. Five institutions, including St. Xaviers' College of Education, Patna, Patna Women's College, Department of Education (Patna Women's College), A N College, Patna, and Gaya College have been awarded 'A' grade.Earlier, as many as 37 colleges in Bihar had NAAC accreditation, but many of them failed to get it renewed after five years, the period of its validity.Patna Women's College principal and NAAC governing council member, Sister Doris D'Souza lamented the lack of quality consciousness in the state which has 10 universities and more than 250 constituent colleges. Both the chancellor and the state government have been striving hard to raise the standard of higher education by streamlining the system, but colleges, in general, lack the much-needed urge to excel in Bihar, she said.Universities and colleges in Bihar, perhaps, fight shy of getting accredited from the NAAC either because they are not aware of the distinct advantages and benefits that would be available to them following their accreditation or they are afraid of getting poor grade, she added.\"All our neighbouring states, including Assam, Orissa, West Bengal and Madhya Pradesh, are far ahead of us so far as accreditation of universities and colleges is concerned. While Assam has 192 NAAC-accredited colleges, Orissa has 149. The number in West Bengal and Madhya Pradesh is 216 and 120 respectively,\" she said.Even as the UGC had marked 11 colleges in the state for awarding CPE status during the 11th plan, only five colleges could take advantage of this ambitious scheme. The CPE status facilitates an institution to receive liberal grants for its development. Still, colleges do not apply for the same, she rued.D'souza said good colleges in Bihar should also try to get upgraded as autonomous institutions so that they could secure maximum grants from the UGC and improve their academic standard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12588242", "title": "High-tech machines to check water quality", "text": "NOIDA: To monitor water quality in the city, Regional Pollution Control Board (RPCB) of Gautam Budh Nagar has imported two hi-tech machines from Germany that will detect the presence of pollutants in industrial effluents and identify harmful bacteria transferred to water from other sources. Automatic testing through these machines would yield more accurate results as compared to manual testing.\"Testing kits in these machines reduce the need to add reagents manually,\" said an official of RPCB. \"Results would be more accurate even with samples as minute as 2ml. Computerized results through these machines would also reduce chances of error as compared to noting results manually,\" he added.The RPCB has imported these machines from Germany through the State Pollution Control Board office in Lucknow.The machines will detect the presence of bacteria in water by testing the biological oxygen demand (BOD) and chemical oxygen demand (COD) of samples. \"Through these tests, the amount of organic matter in water can be determined. The machines would accurately quantify the amount of dissolved oxygen needed to break down organic material present in samples thereby indicating the levels of organic material,\" said the official.RPCB regularly conducts water quality checks of samples taken from hospitals, industries, sewage treatment plants and other water sources. Under the manual procedure, testing of these samples is time-consuming but now testing can be done speedily and effectively with the help of these hi-tech machines.\"In the manual procedure there are chances of the results being tampered with. Computerized results reduce these chances,\" said the official. \"Besides, the findings can be uploaded immediately on the website of SPCB, thereby making it easier for officials to track results in a very short time,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12588538", "title": "Protected trees chopped down near CP's bungalow", "text": "NASHIK: A 25-year-old neem tree and some bamboo trees were allegedly hacked illegally at Mahatmanagar near the police commissioner's bungalow on Sunday to make space for a boundary wall. Protests from a local and other residents failed to save the trees.On Sunday afternoon, the neem tree in front of Apurva Housing Society was being hacked near the police commissioner's residencewhen the chairperson of the society, Ujwala Shinde, asked the labourer to stop his work immediately. \"I asked him to stop cutting the tree, but he went ahead with it anyway,\" said Shinde. The land and trees belong to the police training academy, but contractor Rajkumar Jaiswal did not have the mandatory written permission of the tree authority of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) to cut the trees.The neem tree was completely hacked down by the time another resident of the society, Sunil Thanekar, tried to stop the cutting. Four clusters of bamboo trees had already been hacked. When Thanekar asked the contractor to produce the written permission needed to hack the trees, he failed to do so. \"On the contrary, he soon summoned a policeman and both were not ready to accept that they were wrong,\" said the residents.When the media reached the spot, the contractor excused himself saying that he was not present at the site and that he had asked his labourers to just clean the area and not cut the trees. On telling him that as per rules he should have been present along with the permission letter, he agreed to it. The residents apparently enraged said that they tried their best to prevent the hacking.Gardens superintendent of the NMC, G B Patil, said that he was not aware of the hacking and that nobody had sought permission from him.Thanekar and tree activist Hrishikesh Nazre submitted an application to the Gangapur Road police against the contractor for hacking trees illegally. The activists said they will be filing an FIR on Monday. Residents of the colony have supported it with signatures.Tree activists said neem and bamboo come under the scheduled species of trees along with peepal, mango and ficus. \"These trees are protected under the forest trees preservation Act. One also needs permission to trim branches of trees in one's own compound,\" they said. Trees are considered public property and offenders can also be punished under the prevention to damage of public property Act, 1984. Activists were incensed at the fact that instead of heeding their concerns, the contractor and cop went on with the hacking. People are accused of not raising their concern for wrong doings but when the public raised their voice all attempts were made to muffle it, said the activists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12589029", "title": "Godavari water project faces delay", "text": "HYDERABAD: Acquisition of forest land for the proposed Godavari drinking water supply project (Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Hyderabad Srujala Sravanthi scheme) is being delayed as revenue authorities of three districts - Karimnagar, Medak and Ranga Reddy - are yet to hand over the land to the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;).The Water Board needs around 200 acres of forest land in these three districts. The forest department has asked the government to identify revenue land in lieu of forest land, which are to be transferred to the Water Board. Accordingly, the government has issued orders and directed revenue officials to identify land before commencing work for the project.\"The Water Board has asked the principal chief conservator of forest for allotment of 66.71 acres of reserve forest (RF) land in Raidandi and Putnur RF of Karimnagar east forest division for the project. This is for the allotment of equal extent of non-forest land (revenue land) for compensatory afforestation.Responding to the requisition, tehsildar of Mustabad has identified an extent of 50 acres in survey No 631 (Bancharai) at Pothgal village. We have received an official communique from the Karimnagar district revenue officials, but they are yet to hand over the land,\" HMWS&SB; director-projects M Satyanarayana told TOI. The officials of the forest department, Warangal circle, also sent an official communique to the Water Board stating that 200 acres (20.65 hectares) in survey No one of Damacherla village of Kadapa district has been identified for diversion of 27 hectares of forest land to the Water Board for laying pipeline. The forest officials also inspected the identified land in Kadapa district and found there were no encroachments on the land, the official added.\"Though the forest department has communicated to us, they have not given possession of the land to the Water Board. Our officials are pursuing the issue with forest officials,\" Satyanarayana added. \"In Ranga Reddy district, the revenue authorities have identified non-forest land and we have deposited Rs 23 crore. Efforts are on to hand over the forest land to an extent of around 100 acres,\" he added. Once, the Forest Department hands over land, the earth works would start and pipeline would be laid later, the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12589691", "title": "'Black magic toll double of Red violence'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Close on the heels of two persons getting killed in police firing in Ganjam district in a conflict over witchcraft, an organization promoting rational thinking said on Sunday 72 persons were murdered for practicing 'sorcery' in the state in 2011.Odisha Rationalist Society (ORS), which computed the figure on the basis of its verification of media reports, said the actual number of deaths may be higher as all such incidents are not reported in the media.The black magic death toll according to the ORS is over double the casualty of 33 caused by Maoist violence during the year. \"Ten murders related to witchcraft have already taken place in 2012,\" ORS general secretary Debendra Sutar told reporters here.The 2011 figure includes 17 murders in Mayurbhanj district, followed by 14 in Keonjhar, eight in Sundargarh and six in Rayagada, among other districts. \"Independent verification of such incidents reveal that mostly helpless women, widowed or staying alone due to other reasons, are targeted by people who brand them as witches to get legitimacy of torturing them sexually or to usurp their property by killing them. If the victims are not killed, in many cases they are thrown away from villages or are ostracized,\" said ORS vice-chairman Pratap Kumar Rath.ORS has filed a public interest litigation (PIL) in Orissa high court seeking to set up special courts to try cases of superstition-related crimes and appoint special investigation teams to probe such cases. The organization also sought the court's intervention to undertake regular awareness campaign by involving students, teachers and NGOs, besides introducing human rights related subjects in school and college curriculums.Sutar said Odisha has lagged behind other states in checking crimes in the name of witchcraft. Bihar , Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh have Witchcraft Acts to take action against such crimes.Some residents of Phasiguda village under Kodala police station in Ganjam tonsured the heads of four persons and pulled out their teeth on March 31, accusing them of practicing witchcraft. The villagers resisted police attempt to rescue the four, following which police had to open fire, killing two. Besides, a woman was killed in Cuttack city recently for allegedly practicing witchcraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588299", "title": "Survey to analyze traffic volume at BRT", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than a fortnight after the Delhi high court ordered the Delhi government to conduct a fresh study of the bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor at Ambedkar Nagar-Moolchand, the framework of the survey has been finalized. The study, to be conducted by Central Road Research Institute (CRRI), will analyze the traffic volume at the corridor. The agency has also been asked to come up with \"suggestions\" for the improvement of the signal cycle at the BRT corridor, seen by many traffic experts as one of the major causes for the long traffic jams at the intersections.\"The primary focus of the study will be on traffic analysis, as there hasn't been a survey of the volume of vehicles on the stretch in recent years,\" said a senior government official. The type and number of vehicles using the corridor - especially the non-dedicated lane - will be studied. The number of non-motorized vehicles will also be reviewed. The survey will look into the placements of bus queue shelters near the intersections and the impact they have on traffic movement. Added the official, \"CRRI has been asked to suggest improvements for the signal cycle, whether it can be shortened.\" A signal cycle is the length of time the light goes from green to yellow to red and then back to green for a lane. At present, the signal cycle goes through several loops for the lanes in each cycle, said sources, which predictably stretches the entire run of the traffic light. Consequently, the signal cycle is long at the intersections and leads to delays and build-up of traffic.Besides a traffic analysis, CRRI has been asked to map the impact of ITS (intelligent transportation system) at the BRT. At present, DIMTS, the agency which manages the BRT corridor, uses intelligent signalling system (ISS) on the corridor. The system is fed data on the passenger load of buses and other modes of motorized traffic on the corridor. Based on the data, ISS calculates the number of people waiting in the bus lane as well as in the motor vehicle (MV) lane. If people waiting in the bus lane are found to be more in number than those in the MV lane, then the bus lane is cleared first. According to DIMTS, ISS is operating on 17 junctions at the BRT corridor, with 23 cameras installed.\"The study is expected to be submitted by May 16, after which we will present it to the court.\" The study will also do a comparative analysis of the BRT stretch with parallel roads like August Kranti Marg. \"The volume of traffic as well as the average speed of the vehicles on each stretch will be compared,\" added the official. Only the 5.8km stretch of the Ambedkar Nagar-Delhi Gate BRT will be part of the survey, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12589010", "title": "'Swargalok' at Sainikpuri lacks proper facilities", "text": "HYDERABAD: The way to 'Swargalok' seems to be full of problems! For, once a preferred site for performing last rites of the deceased, the Hindu cemetery named 'Swargalok' at Vivekanandapuram in Sainikpuri has been lying unused for long time due to lack of proper facilities.Anjan Choudhury, a resident of Vivekanandapuram said, \"There is no water available at the cemetery here. There is no caretaker or any official too. Hence, we have no choice but to go all the way to Alwal whenever the services of a Hindu cemetery need to be availed. It becomes very difficult to transport the body to far away place like Alwal particularly for the elderly people to go there and wait till the last rites are completed.\" Sumita Roy, another resident of the area said, \"From the past six years people have stopped going to the nearby Hindu cemetery and prefer to go to the one in Alwal. It is a shame that despite having a facility nearby, we cannot use it due to lack of maintenance.\"Speaking about the deteriorated conditions at the facility here, another resident said, \"In 2001, members of the Lions Club, Hyderabad had obtained a special permission from the municipality and invested in setting up a jet pump, a gate and employed a watchman at the cemetery. However, within a few months, the jet pump was stolen and no other arrangement for water supply was made after that. Since, there is no proper compound wall around, a few builders have encroached the grave yard land. Also, since there is no office as such, it is very difficult to complete legal formalities like getting the cremation certificate at the cemetery. Stray dogs too have become a nuisance for people who come back the next day to collect ashes for other ceremonies.\" He said a meeting with representatives from all the nearby localities be conducted to develop the cemetery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "anand", "code": "12602099", "title": "Gujarat massacre: 23 killed, 23 guilty, 23 acquitted", "text": "ANAND: More than a decade after 23 people, mostly women and children, were killed when a mob set ablaze a shelter for Muslims huddled together for safety in Ode during the post-Godhra riots, a Gujarat court on Monday found 23 of the suspects guilty of murder and conspiracy. The Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) has sought the death sentence for those convicted of murder.The special court in Anand will decide the punishment on Thursday. Of the 23 convicted, designated judge Poonam Singh held 18 guilty of murder, while four others were convicted of attempt to murder and one for rioting. All of them were found guilty of conspiracy, unlawful assembly and rioting.The court acquitted 23 others named as accused in the violence in the small town of Anand district. In all, 49 were accused in the massacre, of which one died during the trial. Two of the accused are absconding and have allegedly fled the country. A red corner notice has been issued against one of them. Of the 158 witnesses who testified in the trial, 35 turned hostile.The Ode massacre was one of nine sensitive 2002 riot cases the Supreme Court ordered the SIT to probe. A mob of nearly 1,500 people attacked a house in Ode's Pirawali Bhagol area in which panicky Muslims had taken shelter on March 1, 2002, burning alive 23 people -- nine children, nine woman and five men.The next day, the mob attacked and killed a senior citizen, Ghulam Rasool Saiyed. Fifteen men, who were already named in the first case, were also named in the second attack. Charges were dropped against the 15 on Monday in the Saiyed murder case due to lack of evidence. Saiyed's own children - son Asrar and daughter Farida - turned hostile in the case.The Ode massacre is the third case in the last 10 years, where a special court has pronounced verdict after an SIT probe. The first came in the Sabarmati Express carnage at Godhra, which triggered the riots after 59 people, mainly kar sevaks, were killed. Of the 31 people found guilty, 11 have been given the death sentence and 20 are serving life imprisonment terms.In the other case - the Sardarpura massacre in north Gujarat - the court has sentenced 31 people to life imprisonment and acquitted 42 others. Thirty-three people were killed in Sardarpura.The Gujarat high court is still grappling with a related issue in the Ode case. The police had filed just one FIR in two separate incidents - the killing of 23 people on March 1, 2002 and the murder of Ghulam Rasool Saiyed the next day. The cops, however, filed two separate chargesheets in the two cases, flummoxing legal experts. Witnesses say this is against the law and have approached the high court.TimelineMarch 1, 2002: Mob burns down a house in Pirawali Bhagol in Ode town, killing 23 peopleMarch 2, 2002: An elderly man, Ghulam Rasool Saiyed, is burnt alive by a mob at Suriwali Bhagol in the townNovember 21, 2003: SC stays proceedings in nine sensitive 2002 riot cases, including Ode massacreApril 13, 2008: SC appoints special investigation team (SIT) to probe the riot casesNovember 12, 2009: Special court frames charges against 47 accusedOctober 25, 2011: One of the under-trials - Bhurabhai Patel - passes awayApril 9, 2012: 23 found guilty, another 23 are acquittedVerdicts so far in key 2002 riot casesIn October 2002, a sessions court acquitted former BJP MLA Kalu Malivad and eight others in the Kidiad massacre case, in which 72 people were killed. The Gujarat high court ordered a re-investigation and a chargesheet was filed against 23 new accused, but most of the witnesses turned hostile.A sessions court in Godhra acquitted 21 people in the Pandarvada massacre case in October 2002. As many as 39 persons were murdered in the massacre. The high court has ordered a fresh investigation.In November 2003, a sessions court in Nadiad convicts 15 persons for killing 14 persons in Ghodasar village of Kheda district. Forty-eight were acquitted.After the case was transferred outside Gujarat, a Mumbai court in February 2006 convicted nine persons in the Best Bakery massacre of Vadodara. Eight were acquitted. Fourteen people were killed by a mob. Key witness Zaheera Shaikh was convicted for perjury.On January 18, 2008, a CBI court in Mumbai sentenced 12 people to life imprisonment for killing 14 people in the Bilkis Bano case of Panchmahal. Seven people were acquitted.In February 2011, the SIT court convicted 31 for setting fire to the Sabarmati Express at Godhra, killing 59 people. Eleven people were awarded capital punishment and 20 others life imprisonment.Thirty-one people were awarded life imprisonment on November 9, 2011 for the Sardarpura massacre in which 33 Muslims were killed by the SIT court. As many as 42 were acquitted.On March 6, 2012, a city sessions court in Ahmedabad acquitted six people in a double murder case, in which a mother and son were burnt alive in Rakhial area.Those convicted of murder in Ode massacreVinu Bhikha PatelAtul DahyaVijay RavjiDilip VallabhHarish VallabhJayendra SatabhaiSuresh BhailalDilip VinuParesh RanchhodArvind RavjiHemant Satabhai alias GokalSanat RanchhodManu JethaDilip RanchhodPoonam LaljiDharmesh NatuVinu ShanaNatu MangalPravin MangalThose guilty of attempt to murderDevang HarshadGirish SomaPrakash JashbhaiDilip Shana", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12592756", "title": "Shahid\u2019s dreams to work with KJo crash", "text": "Shahid Kapoor's wait to work with Karan Johar's Dharma Productions just got longer. We reported how the actor had suggested Dharma co-produce the Hindi remake of Tamil hit Vettai along with UTV, and for some time, it even looked like his dream was about to be fulfilled.But between reports of being shadowed by an unknown stalker and getting feedback on the recently aired promos of his next Teri Meri Kahani, Shahid will now have to deal with the disappointment of Vettai being produced by UTV alone.A source close to the project told Mirror, \"Shahid had earlier committed to a film with Karan Johar, which was to be directed by Punit Malhotra but it did not happen due to certain reasons. With Shahid keen to work with Karan as that's one banner that has eluded him so far, things seemed to fall in place when UTV came up with a proposal to remake Vettai and Shahid suggested KJo co-produce it. UTV and KJo were planning to work out the details of a joint production. However, now it seems the deal is not working out.\"Asked why Dharma opted out of the project, the source explained, \"Karan is already doing a co-production with Ekta Kapoor's Balaji Telefilms. He does not want to do another coproduction.He has a long-standing relationship with UTV and does not want to hamper it. Besdies, he is busy with his own directorial venture Student Of The Year. However there are no ill-feelings between them and UTV is associated with Dharma Productions in other ventures.\"Both Karan Johar and Siddharth Roy Kapoor of UTV chose not to comment on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12588949", "title": "Evening of grub, games and more", "text": "KOLKATA: The thundershower was no deterrent for the residents of Greenwood Park Extension. This housing apartment in Rajarhat New Town enjoyed an action-packed Sunday evening with the Times Evening event organised by the Times of India.While the children painted their imagination in bright hues at the sit-and-draw contest, Made For Each Other was a sure hit among married couples. The cookery competition provided a platform for participants to prove their mettle with innovative recipes while Times Tambola was for everyone, where the young and the not-so-young alike tried their luck out.Ankana Chakraborty bagged the first prize at Paint Your Imagination while Anjishnu Dey bagged the second prize. The third prize went to Bikramjit Bhattacharya.The Made For Each Other title went to Rabindranath and Rima Das. The first runners-up were Nishika and Timir Acharya while Pankaj and Rinki Gupta claimed the second runners-up prize.Participants in the cookery competition gave the judges a tough time with their lip-smacking preparations. Nanda Das' 'Paani Puri Paneer' was declared the winner. Sandhya Bajpayee's 'Rajma Rice' won the second prize while Anamika Dasgupta's 'Spicy Prawn'' got the third prize.Arkopravo Hazra won the Jaldi Five round of Tambola as well as the second row while the prizes for the first and third row went to Ankona Chakraborty and Shikha Nathani respectively. The full house went to Lalit Kumar Singhal.The event had Tollywood actress Kanchana Moitra and celebrity chef Pradip Rozario as judges. Times Evening was sponsored by Volskwagen, IFB, Propello, Club Mahinda, Tangerine, Rolex Watch and Sunkwik pressure cooker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596014", "title": "Action sequences of KVJ being shot on Outer Ring Road", "text": "The action sequences of Rana Daggubati's \" Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum\" (KVJ) are being shot currently on the Outer Ring Road in Hyderabad.The gritty action sequences have been conceived to convey realism and exploit Rana's physique to the maximum. The movie is going to have some very interesting period sequences as well.Nayanthara is the leading lady in this movie and Krish is the director. This is his third film after the critically acclaimed \"Gamyam\" and \"Vedam\". Music is being scored by Keeravani and Jagarlamudi Sai Babu is the producer.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595276", "title": "Lifestyle Pakistan event to be held in India", "text": "Lifestyle Pakistan is a four day showcase trade exhibition that will take place at Pragati Maidan from the 12th of April to the 15th of April, 2012.A venture between the Pakistani and Indian government, Lifestyle Pakistan is a four day showcase trade exhibition that will take place at Pragati Maidan from the 12th of April to the 15th of April, 2012. This is first of its kind, over 300 stalls exhibiting a vast array of Pakistani fashion, textiles, leather products, accessories, home furnishing and a taste of traditional food specialty items will be showcased at the event. The event has been planned with the full support and assistance of the Ministry of Commerce of India, Anand Sharma, who was in favour of this kind of exposition after attending a similar one held in Lahore called Made in India, which attracted thousands of people.According to Omar Satti, organizer of the event, \"This is for the first of its kind event to be organized in India. We aim to enhance trade relations between the two nations, presenting unique opportunities for business-to-consumer, business-to-business, business-to-government and government-to-government interactions. Besides, we will be showcasing a fashion show by 8 leading Pakistani artists like Honey Waqar, Faizia Sami and many more. The event will also include a musical gala evening on 13th April that will include live performance by well known Pakistani singers Ali Zafar and Sanam Marwi. But the main highlight of the event that will draw more attention will be the food court area that will include Pakistani cuisines prepared by Pakistan's top restaurateurs.\"The expected number of attendees will include over 30,000 individuals per day from the Indian trade industry and international buyers. With the showcase of the best of Pakistan's fashion, textile, furniture and music industries, the exhibition is also set to attract the Delhites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "sbs nagar", "code": "12589930", "title": "Cooking is a stress-buster for Harman", "text": "SBS NAGAR: Unlike other young boys of his age, Harman Singh, 20, has a unique talent, which he loves to practice, for it gives him peace of mind and a break from monotonous routine jobs. An engineering student, Harman loves to cook food, so much so that even during his final exams, he doesn't part from his kitchen. It helps him stay fresh, he says.Harman has been interested in cooking since he was a kid and has quite artfully picked up his mother's talent. He can now cook Indian, continental, Chinese and south Indian food. The 'pav-bhaji' he prepares is such that his cousins come from Patiala just to eat the dish.Harman says he was initially confused between taking up engineering and hotel management, as he had a strong desire to make a career in the field of his interest. ''I went for electrical engineering, but didn't let the love for cooking die,'' he says.Harman adds, ''I was very young when I used to sit with my mom in kitchen just to see how she would cook. I would enter relatives' kitchens as well to see how they cooked.'' He says whenever he is tensed or stressed, he starts cooking, as it makes him feel better.''I had tried for a seat at the Indian Institute of Hotel Management in 2010 but couldn't clear the interview. So, I went for electrical engineering,'' says Harman. He has a strange habit of asking about the ingredients of the particular dishes he likes at the restaurants and trying them in his kitchen. His mother Surjit Kaur says, ''I am glad he likes cooking as that relieves me from the kitchen work some times when he takes over. The food he cooks never lets me feel the necessity of a daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590208", "title": "Snippets of Zardari visit to Dargah", "text": "Highlights- The body language of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari on Sunday entirely changed from New Delhi to Ajmer. Just after entering the Nizam gate of the dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishty, Zardari changed to a common man and an emotional devotee but he portrait himself as confident diplomat of Pakistan.- Zardari and his son Bilawal Bhutoo Zardari's attires in Ajmer were different from what they wore in Delhi. Their faces were without expression and eyes fixed down to earth when in New Delhi and after reaching to Jaipur airport, they were confident and looked only straight on. \"Zardari put the chaddar on his head and Bilawal was helping his father. It was like memorizing prayers during that walk,\" said a khadim who was inside the dargah.- Zardari sat on the bare floor for about 15 minutes inside the mausoleum with close eyes. \"He kneeled down and touched the floor with his forehead,\" said Maulana Musveer Chishty, member of the Anjuman committee. He added, \"During the prayers for his late wife Benazir , his eyes were soaked.\"- Both Zardari and his son Bilawal were in black Shervani and Zardari in white pajama and hat with a black colour cap. In New Delhi, Zardari was in black suit with Bilawal in the same attire.-There was also a difference of body language in Zardari. He waved his right hand at Delhi airport and he put the other hand on his heart showing the ritual of \"alvida\" to the host. But in Ajmer, the Pakistan president used his left hand to wave at khadims and officials while leaving the dargah through the Nizam gate.- 'Helipat' was written on the board put up by the district administration instead of helipad on the Ghughra air strip where a fourth strip was constructed within two days.- The Pakistan intelligence team took charge of Zardari's security inside the dargah. Officials of Rajasthan police were also present in large number.- The last time when Zardari came to dargah with his wife, he gave three thousand dollars to his khadim but this time he announced donation of one million dollars.- The roads leading to dargah from Ghughra helipad were blocked at about 2 in the afternoon and the city was divided into tow parts. People were angry as they were not able to reach their destination in time.- Schools, where there was IIT- JEE examination, were instructed not to allow students to move out of the school before 5.30 in evening even when paper was over at five.- Windows and doors opening towards the dargah roads were closed down at 3 in the afternoon and people were instructed not to move out or open windows before 5.30 in evening.- President Zardari used another bullet-proof Mercedes car which was parked away from the motorcade. He refused to be in the car which the district administration arranged just at the end of the red carpet.- Local people did not turn up to see the motorcade of Zardari when he crossed the city but several onlookers watch the visit of Pervez Musharraf in 2005.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594762", "title": "My rawness as an actor is my USP: Ayushmann Khurrana", "text": "His claim to fame was winning the second season of youth reality show Roadies. But he still wanted to be perfect before trying his luck in the showbiz industry.Training as a radio jockey and dabbling in theatre back home made him confident to come to the city of dreams - Mumbai - and make a mark in the field of entertainment. After anchoring a number of shows - Just Dance, Music Ka Maha Muqqabla, India's Got Talent - to name a few, he is now ready to charm the audience with his debut movie - Vicky Donor .Before talking about the movie, Ayushmann shares a bizarre coincidence and says, \"Sperm donation was one of my tasks in Roadies - 2 . I had no idea that a few years down the line I would be doing a movie based on the same concept!\"With his movie being based on the social issue of sperm donation, Ayushmann says it was the quirkiness of the subject that he really liked. \"Sperm donation is a very unique, offbeat subject. It is a taboo in India but the concept is gradually becoming popular. Shoojit Sircar is a matured director and this film is beyond comedy. I cannot predict the future of the movie but I am confident that it will do well and can be a potential national award winner,\" he says.Although his co-star Yami Gautham also hails from the small screen (she was seen in the daily soap - Yeh Pyaar Na Hoga Kam ), Ayushmann feels \"they come from completely different spheres on TV.\" He says, \"Yami has been an actor so she knows the technical aspects of acting, whereas I am raw. My rawness as an actor is my USP and I think our combination will work well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590959", "title": "RTE report reveals a bleak picture", "text": "Unhappy with the slow progress in implementing the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, a memorandum was submitted to the Prime Minister last week by the RTE Forum. The RTE Act, which came into force on April 1, 2009, guarantees the provision of free and compulsory education to children aged six to 14. To fulfil this right, the Act requires all schools to comply with given norms within three years.Shantha Sinha, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( NCPCR) chairperson, emphasises, \"The count-down has begun as we are into the third year of the implementation of RTE. We can criticise government for slow implementation but we need to remember this is the only opportunity that we have to give a right to education to our children. Only governments have the might and reach to provide education to the poor and marginalised and those excluded from the mainstream. Concerted efforts are required to utilise this opportunity for our children.\"A stocktaking meeting was held last week, which revealed a bleak picture. As part of the exercise, a report was released by the RTE Forum, which highlighted that around 95.2% of schools are not compliant with the complete set of RTE infrastructure indicators.Ambarish Rai, national convener, RTE forum, says, \"Current status paints a bleak picture for children as more than 95% schools don't adhere to government norms and we have only one year left to meet the criteria laid in the RTE Act. After more than 100 years of struggle now that we have the RTE Act in place, it is sad to see the lackadaisical attitude of state governments in implementing the Right to Education as a fundamental right in the true sense.\"QUALITY EDUCATIONIn terms of quality, the report reveals that the school infrastructure does not meet the norms of RTE. Some of the highlights include two out of five schools lack functional toilets; one in 10 schools lack drinking water facilities; 40% schools lack a separate toilet for girls; 60% schools are without electricity; schools without libraries have declined from 37.5% in 2010 to 28.6% in 2011; one in every five schools has a computer; instruction in mother tongue is not available especially in tribal and border districts; 99.68% of students experience punishment of some sort; 6.89 lakh sanctioned teacher posts are vacant and 6.7 lakh teachers are not trained.Besides, the RTE mandates a 30:1 pupil-teacher ratio, however, ASER 2011 data shows that about 60% of all primary schools in the country have failed to meet this critical criterion.According to Rampal Singh, president, All India Primary Teachers' Federation (AIPTF), \"Parents, whether rich or poor, want quality education; but with just one teacher per 80 students, how is it possible?\" He further adds, \"Teachers are often asked to participate in non-academic activities such as election duty, etc. In a three-room school building, five classes are held, which is not an ideal learning environment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593451", "title": "Hostellers up in Arms", "text": "Residents of the University Hostel for Women for postgraduate students in Delhi University (DU) are fighting the arbitrary change in hostel rules,deferring of student union elections of the hostel and alleged intimidation by the administration.More than 30 PG residents are campaigning against the new administrative order issued by the dean of colleges this month, imposing a change in hostel rules including the entry and exit timings, holding elections and a fee hike.This new order has some vague rules and conditions,which are intimidating. First,they have been delaying the elections for the hostel union since October last year and have now made stringent rules for contesting the elections, says Maya John,a PhD student and resident of the hostel.The hostel residents claim that the earlier provision that allowed students to return till 11pm has been changed to 10pm. Besides,the order issued says that action will be taken against girls entering the hostel after 10pm.For students pursuing law or doing internships at far-off places like Gurgaon, adhering to the 10pm deadline becomes difficult. We are adults and cannot be treated like girls in a teenage boarding school, says John.Rachel Mathhew,another resident, pursuing MA in history, says, The university authorities want to curb student unions and suppress independent views. They have also made rules whereby any resident with over five memos or warnings issued against her will not be eligible to contest elections.Hostel elections cannot be regulated on the lines of such rules.According to the residents,the number of night-outs in a month have also been reduced. Earlier,we used to be allowed seven night-outs in a month. Now, if we have to go out even to attend a wedding, for example, we have to first ask permission from our respective head of department. This is not an academic matter to involve department heads. Besides, they call our parents and tell them that we are not abiding by the rules. We are being treated like inmates in a jail, adds John.The boarding and other fees of the hostel have been hiked,which will be applicable from the new session in July. Residents say the fee hike is not justified and the break-up is confusing and, hence, difficult to understand.However, Usha Rao, proctor, DU who is also in-charge of the hostel, maintains, Safety of girl students is our prime concern. The rules are for their security. We dont want any mishaps.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12590366", "title": "Bike sales rise in Kovai-Tirupur belt, thanks to migrants and students", "text": "COIMBATORE: With migrant industrial workers and outstation students opting for motorbikes as it is within their means, Tirupur boasts of the highest density of two-wheelers in Tamil Nadu.As per the latest census figures, 47.6% of vehicles in the textile town constitutes two-wheelers. Neighboring Coimbatore comes close with 47.1%. Both cities have surpassed even Chennai when it comes to motorbikes. Data from the transport department also confirms the mushrooming number of two-wheelers in the Coimbatore-Tirupur belt.In 2005-06, as many as 46,305 bikes were sold in Coimbatore while the figure in Tirupur was 15,684. But in 2011, it has increased to 76,670 in Coimbatore and 30,942 in Tirupur. In the first two months of this year, 9,298 motorbikes were registered in Coimbatore while 2,661 in Tirupur.The sale of gearless scooters has also witnessed a steady increase. While in 2005-06, 15,499 scooters were sold in Coimbatore the same increased to 18,304 during the year 2010-11.Moped also witnessed an increase in sales with 1,530 mopeds being sold in Coimbatore and 5,650 in Tirupur. In 2010-11, the sale of mopeds was registered as 17,891 in Coimbatore and 17,289 in Tirupur.According to dealers, the presence of a large group of migrant workers and students have steered the growth of two-wheeler population in the region. \"The market is good and there is a 10% increase in sales every year,\" said Babu Sajeyan, managing director of Chandra Honda. He said youngsters between the age group of 20 and 35 boost sales in these districts.Honda has captured 22 per cent of the market in Coimbatore and plans are on to push for 30 per cent growth, Sajeyam said, adding that six months ago the three dealers in town sold a total of 1200 bikes per month. Now, each dealership sells 1,200 bikes per month.R Shivakumar, managing director, Suguna Automobiles, said that the revenue has increased by 8 to 10 per cent as far as the two-wheeler segment is concerned.K N Uthayanun, deputy transport commissioner, Coimbatore region, said migrant and student population continues to increase, creating a larger market for two-wheelers. Besides, it is easy to acquire bank loans allowing more people to buy vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590310", "title": "Two nabbed with IMFL in Khokhra", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Khokhra police arrested two youths for ferrying liquor in an autorickshaw on Sunday. The youths had concealed the stock beneath the seats, said investigators.According to police officials, they were on vehicle-checking drive on Sunday and when they stopped an autorickshaw, the driver tried to flee. The cops got suspicious and when they thoroughly checked the auto, three crates of IMFL were found in a cavity below the seat. \"The duo was identified as Vinod Rawal, 26, and Dinesh Koli, 23, both residents of Amraiwadi.In his statement, Rawal said that he was in financial crisis as he had to pay installments of the autorickshaw and also had to pay his creditors. He was then contacted by a bootlegger who offered him money to ferry the stock,\" said a Khokhra police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12589331", "title": "Fire brigade ill-equipped to handle major mishaps", "text": "KOCHI: Though the fire brigade in Kochi is ready to tackle any emergency, the department lags behind their counterparts in other cities in terms of equipment and technology. While most southern metro cities have contemporary technologies including global positioning system (GPS) and new communication devices, the fire and rescue service here lack modern systems.The fire and rescue department in Chennai has 80 vehicles across 33 fire stations in the city. The fleet includes water trucks, foam tenders and emergency rescue tenders each with a capacity of 5,000 to 9,000 litres of water and 1000 litres of foam.In the case of Bengaluru, fire and rescue services have 14 fire stations and 52 vehicles. Fire brigade in Hyderabad has 15 fire stations and 22 vehicles including water bowsers, water tenders, crash tenders and foam tenders. Tamil Nadu Fire and Rescue Service deputy director S Vijayasekar said all vehicles are equipped with communication devices including walkie-talkies, wireless and mobile phones.\"We use GPS to track vehicle movement and control room gives instruction to officials till the operation is over,\" he said.Meanwhile, there are only five fire stations in Kochi and 12 vehicles, each with a capacity of 4,500 litres, to tackle emergency situations. Officials complain they lack modern safety gears and communication devices. \"Due to the lack of walkie-talkies and wireless devices, we cannot communicate with our control room while a rescue is in progress,\" said an official.A senior official said though we have a capacity of 4,500 litres of water, about 40% will be evaporated while dousing major fires.\"Though government has allocated about Rs 27 crore to procure modern fire fighting equipment, only 25% has been utilized by authorities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596457", "title": "Ram and Tamannaah make a lovely pair", "text": "The logo launch ceremony of \"Endukante Premanta\" was held at Ramanaidu studios on Sunday evening and ace Director S.S.Rajamouli unveiled the logo officially.The response to the logo and the posters has been superb and movie lovers have been commenting on how beautiful a couple Ram and Tamannaah were. Director Karunakaran and producer Sravanti Ravi Kishore took part in the event along with noted writer Kona Venkat.\"Endukante Premanta\" will be releasing on May 11 and the audio launch will take place on May 21. Music has been scored by G V Prakash and the movie has been made on a grand scale with a big budget.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12590214", "title": "Improved microsurgery helps rejoin body parts", "text": "PUNE: Advancements in microsurgery have helped rejoin severed body parts with more precision. The procedure is done by restoring blood supply, repairing tendons, nerves, bones etc.Recently, a 45-year-old woman, who cut her left thumb while working in a factory, and a 40-year-old man who lost his four fingers in an assault, reaped benefits of microsurgery at a city hospital.A few months ago, Usha Gaikwad (name changed) of Hadapsar was injured in a factory and her thumb was amputated. After receiving first-aid from a private hospital, she was rushed to a private tertiary care centre within an hour. The amputated thumb was immediately preserved in cold storage and the re-implant procedure was started.\"She reached our hospital around 12 pm that day. We started re-implantation procedure from 2 pm. Blood supply to the hand was restored at 3.30 pm and re-implantation procedure was completed by 6 pm,\" said consultant reconstructive and cosmetic surgeon Sumit Saxena of the Inamdar hospital, where the procedure was carried out.Similarly, Vibhas Shinde (name changed) cut four fingers of his right hand in an assault. \"All fingervessels, nerves and tendons were cut near the base of the fingers. The re-implant procedure was started immediately. The surgery lasted for 10 hours,\" Saxena said.All wounds healed, the patient was discharged after a week. \"After the discharge, there was a flicker of movement in the fingers. The patient was advised regular follow up to assess the bony union, range of motion, and nerve recovery,\" Saxena said.But what factors add to the success of re-implant micro-procedures?Success of such operation depends on factors like nature of the injury, such as crush or sharp cut injuries, warm ischemic time (duration between time of amputation and time of re-implantation), patient's age, smoking habit, pre-existing diseases like diabetes , site of injury, contamination etc, say experts. \"Basic first-aid should be given immediately. The injured hand should be wrapped in a clean dressing and elevated with direct pressure applied to limit bleeding,\" said orthopaedic surgeon Purvez Inamdar.Besides, attempts to ligate or tie up arterial bleeding should be avoided, as this result in further injury to the vessels. The amputated part should be retrieved, even if it seems unlikely that re-implantation is possible, he said.When considering multiple-finger re-implantation, the finger with the best chance for successful re-implantation, best expected recovery and most significant contribution to function is repaired first. \"If all the fingers are injured equally and have the same chance for successful repair, the order of repair should be the middle finger first, then index, then ring, and lastly the small finger,\" said Saxena.The re-implanted part never regains 100% of its original use; most doctors consider 60% to 80% of use an excellent result. \"In the procedures carried out on Usha and Vibhas, the functional rate has been above 80%,\" Saxena added.Procedures for re-implantThe injured hand should be wrapped in a clean dressing and elevated with direct pressure applied to limit bleedingAttempts to ligate or tie up arterial bleeding should be avoided, as this result in further injury to the vesselsThe amputated part should be retrieved, even if it appears unlikely that re-plantation is possibleIdeal warm ischemic time (duration between time of amputation and time of re-plantation) is 6 hours. But it can be lengthened to 12 hours by wrapping the amputated part in a saline-moistened gauze sponge placed in a plastic bagThe plastic bag should be sealed and placed in a container of ice. The amputated part should never be placed directly on ice because this could result in frostbite injury to the vessels.The part should also never be immersed in water which makes finger vessel repair more difficult and less reliable. The time can be still lengthened in cases related to children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595965", "title": "Haripriya Chandra enjoyed shooting with elephants", "text": "Haripriya Chandra might perhaps be the busiest actress from the Kannada film industry. She worked in Tamil and Telugu films last year and this year she is concentrating on Kannada films. In fact she has four Kannada films in her kitty including Super Shastri, Khiladi Kitty, Nande and Sagar.But presently she in kicked about her Malayalam film Thiruvambadi Thamban that is scheduled for release on April 14. It's a fun film about an extended joint family. Talking about the most memorable incident while shooting the film, Chandra says it was shooting with the elephants, which was scary initially until the huge animals turned friendly over the period of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595754", "title": "Mohana to work with Pazhassi Raja director", "text": "Actress Mohana will soon be seen in a film to be directed by T. Hariharan who directed the epic tale Pazhassi Raja. The actress is extremely excited to work with Hariharan.The film is written by MT Vasudevan Nair and will also feature names like Indrajith and Narain. Originally known as Kavitha Nair, the actress changed her name to Mohana post her Tamil film Mudhal Idam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12594599", "title": "India, Pakistan home secretary-level talks in May", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home secretary-level talks between India and Pakistan, which have been in pipeline since December last year, will take place in Islamabad in late May.The government will raise the issue of Hafeez Saeed in detail during the talks as agreed between Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in their meeting here on Sunday.New Delhi has asked Islamabad to give fresh dates for talks - sometime after May 22 when budget session of Parliament concludes.Pakistan had earlier offered to host the meeting in the later half of April and asked New Delhi to inform it whether the period suits India.Sources here said the April dates did not suit India due to many reasons including forthcoming internal security conference of chief ministers on April 16 and the parliamentary budget session which would resume after the ongoing break on April 24.\"Besides, there are number of other important meetings lined up including chief ministers' conference to discuss issues concerning NCTC on May 5. Therefore, it is decided to opt for some dates in late May\", a source said.Earlier, India had proposed the home secretary level talks in December but Islamabad could not give its consent due to its domestic political situation at the time. There was also an indication that the talks could take place only after the visit of Pakistani Commission to Mumbai in connection with the 2611 terror attack case probe.Since the Commission's visit had also been postponed twice, there was no movement on proposed dates for the HS-level talks. The Pakistani panel finally visited Mumbai last month and recorded statements of key persons linked to the 26/11 probe.If the HS-level meeting takes place, this will be the first meeting between home secretary R K Singh and his Pakistani counterpart K Siddique Akbar. The last such talks had taken place between the two countries in New Delhi in March, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12590687", "title": "16 anganwadi kids suffered food poisoning, hygiene issues cited", "text": "PANAJI: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Sunday admitted that the 16 children of an anganwadi at Cola in Canacona taluka had suffered food poisoning on Saturday due to the negligence of the anganwadi workers.\"We will have to caution the anganwadi workers. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) inspectors have been asked to conduct surprise checks to ensure that proper food is served to children, but they can't be present everywhere and at every time. The food poisoning incident happened due to negligence,\" Parsekar said.Stating that he is in constant touch with the hospital where the children have been admitted, Parsekar added, \"Their condition has improved.\"Sources said it is suspected that the sweets prepared by the anganwadi workers were not stored under proper sanitary and hygienic conditions. \"Pathogenic microorganisms that cause food poisoning flourish due to the careless handling of food,\" sources said.FDA director Salim Veljee said, \"Samples have been taken for testing to see what caused the food poisoning.\"The snacks were kept in two vessels before the chikki and boondi ladoos were served to around 25 children, sources said. The affected children were rushed to the Canacona community health centre but as the condition of some of them was severe, they were rushed to Hospicio hospital in Margao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587322", "title": "Rabri may contest council seat", "text": "PATNA: Former chief minister Rabri Devi is likely to contest the ensuing Bihar legislative council poll as the RJD candidate, with the party legislators unanimously recommending her name on Saturday.At the RJD legislature party meeting, held at party supremo Lalu Prasad's residence, legislators said they were suffering for want of guardianship and felt that with the election of Rabri Devi, they would have a guardian to guide them.Leader of the opposition in the state assembly Abdul Bari Siddiqui, party's state chief Ramchandra Purbey, leader of the opposition in legislative council Ghulam Gauss and MP Ramkripal Yadav were present on the occasion. The RJD parliamentary board will meet here on Sunday to endorse the name of Rabri Devi for the ensuing election.Lalu said the law and order had touched its nadir in Bihar. He said after April 24 he would camp in the state and visit different places to apprise people of the NDA government's failures on different fronts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12588532", "title": "Women leaders finding more acceptance in Gurgaon Inc", "text": "While there have been plenty of hand-wringing studies arguing that the corporate glass ceiling for women has turned concrete, the women leaders in Gurgaon Inc, who have been able to hit the glass ceiling to go as high in the company as they could, say that the corporate world in the city has a greater acceptance for women leaders now than ever before.\"The glass ceiling only exists in our minds. I have never experienced it or, rather, I have never allowed myself to experience it. If people are committed, then the sky is the limit. It doesn't matter if one is a woman or a man,\" says Sudha Natrajan, CEO of Gurgaon-based Lintas Media Group.\"For every woman who has chosen to step out of the corporate milieu, one has an equal number of women who are stepping up to lead companies,\" she adds.\"Gurgaon is a world city. We work in an environment which is very healthy, and has attracted the best of talent from around the world. There is no such city in India of this nature. The support services here are being manned by the locals, and their acceptance to working and professional women has increased significantly with time. They do conduct themselves in a respectful manner, and are extremely hardworking and diligent,\" says Natrajan.Bindu Malini Krishnan, senior director at Aon Hewitt in Gurgaon, says that even if there is a glass ceiling for women, as most people believe, one can choose to break it. \"Women may often create a glass ceiling for themselves unintentionally. The corporate world has a greater acceptance for women leaders now than ever before as management ideologies have changed and most companies are moving with the times. Personally, I have never faced any problem, but then again, I probably would have stepped right through,\" says Krishnan, who has an overall experience of 20 years in the industry and has managed several business teams during her tenure at Aon Hewitt.The women leaders say that a good but slow change is that the companies are becoming more supportive to women employees in terms of providing various facilities to maintain a work-life balance which plays an important role in a woman's journey to the top of an organisation.\"Western corporations are friendlier for women employees. They are able to offer various facilities for women to take care of their children without impacting their professional commitments. In India, today, a woman has to largely rely on family and/ or alternative sources of support. That's changing but it's a slow change,\" says Krishnan.Sasha Sanyal, senior vice president - Smart Enterprise Processes &amp; Lean Six Sigma at Genpact Gurgaon, says the culture of a particular company and the mindsets of people there play an important role in one's loyalty to the organisation.\"I am with Genpact Gurgaon for the past 10 years and have had kids, gone through many ups and downs but I have not really struggled as the company supported me to do all that,\" she said.Compassionate approachAs more women occupy top positions in the corporate world, more attention is being paid to how women and men differ in their approaches to leadership, the values they bring to the task and the manner in which they handle decision making. \"The biggest value that a woman is able to provide is a compassionate approach to problems. We can make the tough decisions; think out of the box and impact change. There is greater compassion in the way we deal with issues. I also believe women are born multi-taskers. The other less touted value that women bring to the boardroom is intuition - critical in several difficult situations,\" says Krishnan, who loves to read, travel and cycle when she is not working.\"Empathy, multi-tasking ability, calmness of mind and less ego issues, are some traits that are perhaps a little more vested in women, but if she is able to acquire some traits from men, like the ability to compartmentalize, the high levels of drive and commitment that is required to progress in one's profession, the passion to keep herself up to speed and future proof when it comes to her area of expertise in her profession, then she is a super woman and a sure-shot winner,\" adds Natrajan.However, when a woman is assertive and takes charge, people often react negatively, and if she fulfils the prescribed stereotype of being a kind and gentle woman, she is often regarded as a poor leader. So how does one deal with such situations?Suggests Natrajan, \"A woman should use only those womanly traits that add value to her becoming a better professional, and should not use her womanliness otherwise at all. She has to be respected for her professional competence, as an individual.\"Support from family", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12589325", "title": "PHE drive to restart drinking water schemes", "text": "BHOPAL: The Public Health Engineering Department (PHED) has decided to launch a special campaign in the state from April 10 for resuming non-functional drinking water schemes.Officers have been instructed to prepare estimate for restart non-functional drinking water schemes, an official press release issued on Sunday said.Public Health Engineering Department (PHED) has instructed officers sanction should be sought at the earliest for schemes where pipelines have been damaged. Information should be gathered about the rural piped drinking water schemes which were non-functional due to non-payment of electricity bills and they should be restarted soon. The state government has decided to make a payment of Rs 100 crore to the MPSEB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12590012", "title": "Parents clear doubts about wheat allergy", "text": "LUDHIANA: In view of the growing incidence of wheat allergy among children in the city, Punjab Celiac Society for Awareness organized a seminar near Bharat Nagar Chowk on Sunday for parents of such children and adults who have been suffering. About 800 people attended the seminar where participants were able to interact with a panel of doctors, including wheat allergy specialist Dr Ajit Sood of Dayanand Medical College and Hospital. Other panelists included Dr H S Bains, Dr Vandhna, Dr Gaganjit Aulakh and Dr M S Chawla.Vishal Nagar resident Tania Sharma, whose 6-year-old Titiksha has wheat allergy, said, ''I was able to clear some doubts and get more information about helping my daughter have a smooth life.\"Businessman Roshan Kalra of Jamalpur Urban Estate, said his 7-year-old son Dev is wheat allergic. ''The allergy got detected only two months ago so the seminar was very helpful.\"Model Town-resident Paramjeet Kaur, a homemaker who suffers wheat allergy, said she was able to buy some gluten-free products. \"So I was quite satisfied,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12590343", "title": "Labour longer for women now than 50 years ago: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Women today are spending longer in labour than half a century back. After comparing data on nearly 1.4 lakh deliveries between 1960 and 2000, scientists have found that the first stage of labour had increased by 2.6 hours for first-time mothers.For women who had previously given birth, this early stage of labour took two hours longer in recent years than for women in the 1960s. Infants born in the contemporary group were born five days earlier, on average, than were those born in the 1960s, and tended to weigh more. The women in the contemporary group tended to weigh more than those who delivered in the 1960s.For the contemporary group, the average body mass index (measure of body fat based on height and weight) before pregnancy was 24.9, compared with 23 for the earlier generation. At the time they gave birth, the mothers in the contemporary group were about four years older, on average, than those in the group who gave birth in the 1960s.The study by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) has been published in the American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology. Indian gynecologists agree to the findings. Head of Max Hospital's department of gynecology Dr Anuradha Kapur said, \"The BMI of an average Indian woman has increased over the last 50 years, thanks to good nutrition, high fat diet and fast food. If an average woman in the 1960s had a BMI of 23, it would easily be 27 now.\"Dr Kapur added, \"Child birth too has got delayed with more women having a successful career and becoming financially independent. If the first baby was born to a woman 50 years back when she was 20, now it's more like when she is 28. Also, the average baby now weight over 3 kg as against less than 2.5 kg earlier.\"NIH researchers, however, could not identify all the factors that accounted for the increase, but concluded that the change was likely due to changes in delivery room practices.\"Older mothers tend to take longer to give birth than do younger mothers,\" said the study's lead author, S Katherine Laughon, of the Eunice Kennedy Shriver National Institute of Child Health and Human Development (NICHD). \"But when we take maternal age into account, it doesn't completely explain the difference in labour times.\"Among the changes in delivery practice the researchers found was an increase in the use of epidural anesthesia, the injection of pain killers into the spinal fluid, to decrease the pain of labour. For the contemporary group, epidural injections were used in more than half of recent deliveries, compared with 4% of deliveries in the 1960s.The study authors noted that epidural anesthesia is known to increase delivery time, but said it doesn't account for all of the increase. Doctors in the early 2000s also administered the hormone oxytocin more frequently (in 31% of deliveries, compared with 12% in the 1960s), the researchers found.Oxytocin is given to speed up labour, often when contractions seem to have slowed. Its use should be expected to shorten labour times, Dr Laughon explained. \"Without it, labour might even be longer in current obstetrics than what we found,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590992", "title": "MBA magic: A global perspective", "text": "In management studies, be it in India or overseas, accreditation makes a qualitative difference to a business school and provides a benchmark for students to make a decision.\"Accreditation is a process of standardisation against international benchmarks,\" says Sharon Bamford, chief executive, Association of MBAs ( AMBA), UK, who was in the Capital recently. When a B-school goes through the process of accreditation, it becomes more focused; processes become more rigorous and more tightly defined, communications improve and in totality, it presents a better value proposition to the student. \"It is not as if things were bad before; it is just that things are much better now,\" Bamford explains.India has four AMBA-accredited schools including IIM Lucknow, IIM Kozhikode, SP Jain and MDI Gurgaon.Vis-a-vis Indian accreditation bodies like the AICTE, Bamford says that the parameters are where the main differences lie. \"The way the Indian accreditation body would look at the environment, we also look at it, but ask if it meets international standards. We would not be looking at the size of the classroom or students, or books as much as at the skills that students would have, the impact of them on their learning and what they do with it and where they go,\" she says.Globally, there are a few trends in management that have emerged. For one, it is only in India and China that the generalist MBA is on a rise, says Bamford. In most other markets, specialised programmes in management are gaining currency.Another trend is that of women joining the MBA brigade in increasing numbers. In India though the ratio is still in favour of men, it is gradually improving. IIM Kozhikode, for example, has a high percentage of women students, which is encouraging. The third trend is that of the demand for soft skills from employers. In addition to the competencies gained after a management degree, soft skills make students' job ready and complete as professionals, sums up Bamford.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12593078", "title": "Cyber war unleashed ahead of Gujarat polls", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Eight months ahead of the Gujarat assembly polls, the cyber space has become a battlefield between supporters of tech-savvy Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and his opponents.Social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter, blogs, e-mails, websites, video uploading sites and every possible avenue on the internet is being used to attract the attention of the net-savvy, especially youths, towards Modi.His opponents, chiefly the Congress, which calls him an \"internet manipulator\" is not lagging behind this time in trying to match him on every step in the cyber space.Also, some NGOs opposed to Modi, have also been very active on the internet in the campaign against him.The latest flash point between the two sides was the 'Time' magazine online poll to select 100 most influential peoples list. Modi after being interviewed by the magazine was nominated for the top 100 and his name was put up for voting.He was leading the positive votes for the first few days, and then his opponents swung into action and polled most negative votes. He is still on third position with 2,56,792 positive votes but his negative numbers are higher with 2,66,684 votes. The final results will be announced by the Time magazine on April 17.\"What the supporters of the Chief Minister were doing was just a manipulation of the internet to make him repositioned as one of the top influential leader of year. This was not a natural vote as we know that his supporters were manipulating it. So his opponents have voted against him as they have come to know reality of things in Gujarat,\" Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593876", "title": "Socially wise", "text": "Mohammad Yunus, Nobel laureate and founder of the Grameen Bank , recently engaged in a stimulating discussion with a motley crew of students across colleges of Mumbai. He speaks to Ruchi Kumar on youth involvement in social businessesQ- What was the focus of your recent interaction with students in Mumbai?Youngsters need to be made aware of their unlimited power to change the world. A social business is a venture with a social mission where the \"owners\" choose not to take dividends. It returns the initial investment made by the investors. IIT- Bombay arranges a business plan competition every year and this year they added a social business component to it called 'Eureka Social'. Through this competition, I had the pleasure of explaining what a social business really is. It is pretty simple actually; you pick a problem - population growth, unemployment, healthcare, education and so forth - and then create a business to solve that problem. Non dividend companies, that can solve problems through innovative means, are the need of the hour.Q- What is your opinion on the current state of affairs with regards to youth and social entrepreneurship?Young people today have a great urge for wanting to express their own ability. We have to provide them with such an environment that will allow them to jump in and get a dig at social problems. A lot of challenges lie in helping the young to become actively engaged in social issues and come up with innovative approaches to apply them in their career choices.Q- You have been quite vocal about your criticism of the current educational system. Please elaborate.Our current education system fails to teach students how to apply their creativity to solve social problems. It is very narrow and only teaches them to prepare themselves for jobs. A healthy education system should prepare students to cultivate a culture of innovation. It should encourage the students to learn, dream and come up with their vision to prepare themselves to become social entrepreneurs. Once we include vision in our education system, the students can discover the purpose of their lives.Q- As a founding member of Global Elders, what is your message to the global youth?The youth has the power to make entrepreneurship a credible life option, an alternative to getting a \"good\" job. Once they get convinced that they have the power to create changes by actively participating in solving social problems they will feel encouraged to actually bring about a direct impact on their community.There is no need for you to inherit the world as it is today. The ample technology at your disposal makes you the most powerful generation ever. It is like Aladdin's lamp that you can use to recreate the world around you where no one needs to be unemployed or in need of charity.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12587909", "title": "Man held with firearm", "text": "KANPUR: Ram Mohan, a resident of Dabhauli West, was arrested with a country-made firearm and cartridges. The arrest was made near Gujaini bypass. He was booked under the Arms Act and sent to jail.Elsewhere, a man identified as Guddu, a resident of Harbanspur was arrested with a huge quantity of illicit liquor.Dowry case registered: A case of dowry has been registered with the Harbanshmohal police on Saturday. One Rekha of Mathuri Mohal has stated in her complaint that her husband Chandan Kumar has been harassing her to bring Rs 10 lakh in cash as dowry. A case has been registered against the accused and six others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12588167", "title": "Experts predict scattered rainfall soon", "text": "KANPUR: The sun played hide and seek with clouds and gave respite to the people from the hot weather. The meteorologists predicted scattered rains in the region in near future.The minimum and maximum temperatures have increased by a couple of notches on Sunday. The fast winds gave denizens a prefect evening for outing. The sky remained overcast, leading to the dust storms in various areas.The maximum temperature stood at 38.9 degrees, while the minimum temperature increased at 22.6 degree Celsius. The humidity was recorded at 74 per cent in the morning and decreased to 49 per cent in the afternoon.The urban areas of the district witnessed mild dust storms. People were seen shopping and visiting the parks and market areas in the evening. According to the weather experts, the dusty winds may bring down the temperature and lead to scattered rains.The weather experts of Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology said that due to development of low pressure area, the clouds have developed which may cause scattered rainfall by April 11 in the eastern UP. This rainfall could reach central plain zone by April 12 or 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589125", "title": "Woman SI\u2019s son held for theft", "text": "CHENNAI: The Egmore Railway Police on Sunday arrested a 30-year-old man from Arakkonam for theft. The police said Selvaraj, 30, who was caught by a police team while trying to steal from a passenger on Saturday, was the son of an Arakkonam woman sub-inspector.\"When we interrogated him, he revealed that he had been involved in several cases of theft in trains,\" a police officer said. \"He told us that his mother was a sub-inspector of police at Arakkonam. We have confirmed it,\" the officer said. Police have taken Selvaraj to the Mayiladuthurai police station as he had been involved in many cases of theft in that jurisdiction. Police said they were questioning him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587718", "title": "People join hands for upkeep of park", "text": "PATNA: The residents of Sri Krishna Nagar on Sunday constituted Park Nagrik Suraksha Samiti for the maintenance, security and upkeep of Sri Krishna Nagar Park no. 1 as the monthly grant given by the state government has stopped. A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting organized here on Sunday.At the meeting, Sanjiv Kumar Yadav was unanimously elected as secretary and Sunil Kumar as convener. It was also decided that those present at the meeting would be members of the Samiti. Yadav said that members would make efforts to include more members in the Samiti. He said ll the members would donate Rs 50 per month for the upkeep of the park. Yadav said that assistance would also be taken from Sri Krishna Nagar Niwasi Sangh.The Samiti would look after the park till a permanent solution is found, he said and added that Rs 2 would be taken as entrycharge from the people. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590315", "title": "Con suspect's kin quizzed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Kalupur police officials, investigating suicide of Ansuya Halani, 50, recorded statements of her husband Mukesh and relatives to know more about her financial status and whether she was involved in any financial scam. Police have also sought details of her bank and postal deposit accounts from the concerned offices to ascertain her financial transactions.Ansuya, a resident of Suryacity in Maninagar, was found unconscious from the AMTS depot opposite Kalupur railway station on Friday and was rushed to Shardaben Hospitalfor treatment. She was diagnosed with poisoning and was declared dead on Saturday morning.Ansuya was accused in a cheating case of Rs 5.61 lakh registered with Odhav police station. Police had also received seven applications of complaint against her.\"We recorded statements of her husband Mukesh, a government officer, along with other relatives on Sunday. As per their statement, Ansuya who had been to US with her elder son, on March 31. She came back on April 5 and directly sought a lawyer.as she had an idea that she was in a legal tangle. Thus, she had contacted Sanjay Thakkar, one of her relatives, helped Ansuya hire a lawyer. She had to meet him at Hotel Moti Mahal near railway station to discuss the case. However, before the meeting she committed suicide by consuming poison ,\" said R C Chaudhary, inspector of Kalupur police station.Mukesh added that Ansuya had her investment business spread in Maninagar and Odhav areas. where she had contacted hundreds of citizens and had persuaded them to invest in various schemes.He had witnessed several occasions where the investors had approached her and demanded their money back. \"He stated that whenever he questioned her about the financial status, she assured him that everything was in control and she was doing fine. However, she had recently borrowed Rs 5 lakh from him to pay back some liabilities,\" said a Kalupur police official.Investigators said, \"It is well-established that she was in financial crisis however we have no documents to prove this. Her family members were well-to-do and she could have asked them for help. Also she had recently invested in real estate outside Ahmedabad and had incurred losses that aggravated her problems. This claim is under investigation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589192", "title": "IIT-JEE easier than expected, say students", "text": "CHENNAI: Students who took the IIT joint entrance examination on Sunday said it was easier than expected. \"The first paper was simple but the second paper was of the usual difficulty level. I am expecting high marks,\" said a student.The IIT-JEE 2012 was conducted on Sunday in 1,067 centres across the country. More than five lakh candidates, including around 9,000 in Tamil Nadu , took the test to qualify for nearly 10,000 seats in 15 Indian Institutes of Technology, Institutes of Technology, Banaras Hindu University and the Indian School of Mines in Dhanbad. The exam was conducted in six cities in Tamil Nadu.There were 10 versions of the IIT-JEE 2012 and students had to answer two papers. Both papers had 20 questions each in physics, chemistry and mathematics. \"The first paper was fairly similar to last year's. However, some of the questions in the second paper were lengthier than the ones in the 2011 test,\" said Ajay Antony, course director at TIME, an institute that trains students for the exam.The pattern of the papers was also slightly different from previous years, and students had to answer for fewer marks. \"Usually the two papers are of 240 marks each. This time, the first paper was for 210 marks and the second for 198,\" a student said. \"The 'matrix match' types of questions were also absent this time,\" he said. For the first time, students had to mark their answers with pen and could take a copy of the answer sheet home.Students who took the IIT-JEE this year are likely to be the last batch to do so in this format as the human resource development ministry is likely to introduce the Indian Science Engineering Eligibility Test from the next academic year.Students who took the IIT-JEE this year are likely to be the last batch to do so in this format as the HRD ministry is likely to introduce the Indian Science Engineering Eligibility Test from the next academic year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12589625", "title": "Local artists head for Chitrakala Parishat", "text": "MANGALORE: Chitrakala Parishat, Bangalore, will host an art exhibition titled 'Muliya Trusted Senses' by four professional artists of Mangalore origin from April 12 to 18.Participating artists are Anil Devadiga, Jeevan AS, Rajendra Kedige and Syed Asif Ali.The exhibition is one-of-its-kind event being organized in Bangalore and the objective is to give exposure to artists of the coastal region in the state capital, where artists attract wider attention and appreciation. Though a small beginning, events like this will pave way for improving profile of local artists and enable them to gain recognition.Rajendra Kedige said each of the artists will take along with them 10 paintings each. \"We are allowed to display eight pieces of work per artist,\" he said, adding that the remaining works would be standby in case any of their displayed work is sold.The artists, Rajendra said have used acrylic on canvas, oil on canvas and mixed media to come up with their respective creations and the exhibitions would be a nice exposure trip for the quartet.Muliya Jewels, a jewellery house of Puttur is organizing this event. Venue of the exhibition is gallery 3 of the Parishat. It is open to public viewing from 10.30 am to 7.30 pm on exhibition days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12587887", "title": "Woman thrown out by in-laws over dowry demands", "text": "KANPUR: A married woman was thrashed and thrown out of her in-laws' house in Vishwa Bank Colony allegedly as she could not fulfill their dowry demands.According to reports, Shobha Shukla was married to Narendra Shukla a couple of years ago. Neighbourers said Shobha was being tortured by her in laws from the day one. According to the police, she was beaten up by her mother-in-law and brother-in-law and was thrown out of the house after she failed to get a two-wheeler and a gold chain from her parents. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12588250", "title": "Mission green: Students design hybrid cars at workshop", "text": "NOIDA: In an effort to sensitize schoolchildren about using alternative fuel systems in vehicles, a city school recently held a workshop in which students made hybrid vehicles that utilize two power sources.According to a report released by Uttar Pradesh State Pollution Control Board (UBSPCB), 70% of the pollution in the city is caused by vehicles. Pollution levels have increased dramatically in the last few years due to the burgeoning number of vehicles operating in the city and the increasing commercial use of power generators in industrial areas, said the UPSPCB report.During the workshop, students of Pathways, Noida, were told that hybrid cars could provide an alternate cleaner fuel source for vehicles. \"Hybrid car kits were distributed among students of middle school so that they get hands-on experience and a practical understanding of hybrid technology,\" said a spokesperson for the school.Teachers felt that the move was prompted by the growing pollution in Noida, a primary chunk of which is a direct result of vehicular air pollution. According to UPSPCB, the level of suspended particulate matter (SPM) in residential areas has on certain months gone up to 450 micrograms/cubic metre, while the average is easily over 350 micrograms/cubic metre. The safe limit is 200 micrograms/cubic metre. \"Our curriculum lays great emphasis on teaching students to think of green solutions to curb pollution. This initiative had introduced a new technology that allows a vehicle to utilize two separate power sources. This hands-on learning approach is essential in ensuring that our students are constantly looking for new ways of handling real life problems,\" said Dr Shalini Advani, director, Pathways.According to the regional transport office (RTO), the year 2011 saw an increase of 60% vehicles in the district of which almost 25% were cars. In an effort to curb vehicular pollution, the UPSPCB has increased the frequency of pollution checks. \"We have asked the transport office to increase the frequency with which they conduct pollution checks. We are also conducting sudden checks to see if the gases emitted by vehicles are fine,\" said an official of UPSPCB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590305", "title": "Vehicle-free Sundays on CG Road, Law Garden", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police have declared three stretches - two in western and one in eastern city parts - as vehicle free zones for Sunday evenings to avert traffic congestion and give breathing space to the pedestrians.The notification will come into effect from next Sunday. As per the notification, no vehicle will be allowed to ply between Swastik crossroads and Shilp crossroads on CG Road on Sundays between 4 pm and 11 pm. The vehicles can take detour and go to Girish Cold Drinks and Panchvati crossroads. The stretch between Samartheshwar Mahadev and NCC ground that houses eateries will also be vehicle-free in the same fashion. In eastern city part, the road from Pushpkunj to Vasantwadi that has Kids City and water park will be closed on Sunday evenings.Nilesh Jajadiya, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said that the decision was taken after they received application from AMC. \"They had suggested five stretches out of which we have selected three on feasibility ground. The roads will have barricades and extra police deployment for implementation during the no-vehicle period,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12593207", "title": "Gujarat Ode killings: Court convicts 23, acquits 23", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special court in Anand has pronounced its verdict in the Ode massacre case in connection with the post-Godhra riots, wherein 23 persons belonging to minority community were burnt to death.The court has convicted 23 people in the case and has acquitted 23 for want of evidence. It will pronounce the quantum of punishment for the convicted persons on April 12.An agitated mob of about 2,000 gathered near Pirawali Bhagol in the Ode town of Anand district on March 1, 2002 and set a house on fire in which a small group of Muslims had taken shelter. Altogether 23 persons, mostly women and children, were killed in the incident.The same court also heard the case against 15 of these accused in connection with another incident that occurred the next day, in which an old person was killed. The special court hearing Ode massacre case today acquitted 14 persons in a murder case of one Ghulam Rasool Saiyed on March 2, 2002. The police lodged only one FIR for both the cases but two chargesheets were filed for which two separate trials were sought.Since the victims of the Ode killings were not content with the investigation carried out by Gujarat police, the case was taken up along with other major cases by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) before the Supreme Court which formed a special investigation team (SIT) to conduct further probe in the case.After the investigation was over, special judge S Y Trivedi charged 47 persons with murder, conspiracy, rioting, unlawful assembly, attempt to murder and destruction of evidence. One undertrial passed away during the proceedings.A red corner notice has been issued against Hirubhai Patel, one of the two accused who have fled abroad. SIT had recommended discharge of one of the accused Arvind Satabhai.During the trial, prosecution examined 158 witnesses, out of them 35 turned hostile. More than 160 documentary evidences were produced before the court by the SIT. After the hearing was over on March 21 last year, special judge Trivedi was transferred, and she resigned from judiciary the next month. Even the special prosecutor in the case also quit. The Gujarat high court appointed sessions judge P B Singh as special judge and senior advocate P N Parmar was selected by SIT as prosecutor in this case. Additional arguments on part of defense counsel ended in December last year.One more case in Ode town is being probed by SIT, and the final verdict in this case is likely on April 16.Out of the nine cases probed by the SIT, judgements have been pronounced in two cases, including the Godhra train burning incident where 11 people were awarded death sentence and 20 life imprisonment.The second case was that of Sardarpura village in Mehsana district where 31 persons were awarded life term and 42 others were acquitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588192", "title": "SC clears decks for Gulshan Kumar property dispute trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has cleared the decks for resumption of trial court proceedings relating to the decade-long dispute on distribution of assets left behind by Gulshan Kumar of T-Series fame as it dismissed an appeal by the cassette magnate's son Bhushan Kumar, who had questioned a trial court's order summoning him in a cheating case lodged by rival members of the family.After hearing counsel for rival parties, a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar had framed two questions - whether taking cognizance of an offence by the magistrate was the same as summoning an accused to appear and whether the magistrate, while considering the question of summoning an accused, was required to assign reasons for the same?Writing the judgment for the bench and answering the questions, Justice Sathasivam said, \"A summon is a process issued by a court calling upon a person to appear before the magistrate. It is used for the purpose of notifying an individual of his legal obligation to appear before the magistrate as a response to a violation of law... A person who is summoned is legally bound to appear before the court on the given date and time. Willful disobedience is liable to be punished under Section 174 of IPC. It is a ground for contempt of court.\"However, the bench said a magistrate while summoning a person was not required to \"explicitly state the reasons\". The provision of law mandated a magistrate to \"form an opinion as to whether there existed sufficient ground for summons to be issued but nowhere mentioned that the explicit narration of the same was mandatory, meaning that it was not a pre-requisite for deciding the validity of the summons issued\".\"When an accused appears before the trial court pursuant to summons issues under Section 204 of the code in a summons trial case, it is the bounden duty of the trial court to carefully go through the allegations made in the chargesheet or complaint and consider the evidence to come to a conclusion whether or not, commission of an offence is disclosed and if the answer is in the affirmative, the magistrate shall explain the substance of the accusation to the accused and ask him whether he pleads guilty, otherwise he is bound to discharge the accused as per section 239 of the code,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589419", "title": "Life imprisonment is ground to grant divorce: Karnataka high court", "text": "BANGALORE: If you're sentenced to life imprisonment, it's possible you can't remain married. Karnataka high court has rejected the miscellaneous first appeal (MFA) filed by a husband serving a life sentence in a murder case.\"When the appellant is convicted for life, even the grounds of desertion have to be taken into account legally because he cannot live with the wife and give her conjugal happiness. For the rest of her life, for no fault of hers, she cannot be made to suffer if the marriage is allowed even though the husband is convicted for life,\" the division bench headed by Justice KL Manjunath observed last week while rejecting the appeal filed by Ganesha, a resident of Malladihalli in Chitradurga and currently lodged in Central Prison, Bellary.He had challenged the July 18, 2011 order of the family court in Shimoga in allowing the petition filed by his wife, Vijaya, seeking divorce on the grounds of cruelty and desertion.Ganesha, an instructor at a government college in Chitradurga's BG Kere, married Vijaya on May 28, 1999 in Shimoga. They lived for six months at Malladihalli. Then, she came to know her husband was facing murder and assault charges in a Chitradurga court. She informed her parents about it. Ganesha's family members claimed he was innocent, and the case had been foisted on him and he'd be acquitted.In the meantime, the couple had a child. Ganesha started allegedly ill-treating his wife. Ganesh was convicted by the sessions court in the murder case in November 2000. He was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment. The state appealed and the sentence was enhanced to life imprisonment. During the bail period when the trial was going on, Ganesha would allegedly assault his wife. The Supreme Court confirmed the life term.Vijaya moved family court seeking a divorce. The family court upheld her claim on the grounds of cruelty, although the desertion charge was rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587203", "title": "AoL's 'Surya Namaskar Challenge' across state", "text": "PATNA: Art of Living (AoL) organized a 'Surya Namaskar Challenge' to mark the World Health Day on Saturday.The event was organized as part of 'Yogathon', a nationwide initiative of the AoL in which lakhs of yoga enthusiasts participated in different parts of the country. In Bihar , the event was organized at 18 different places, including IIT- Patna , NIT-Patna, BIT-Patna, Kendriya Vidyalaya, Vidya Vihar Vidyalaya Ground, Rambagh Fort, Darbhanga, Sri Sri Gyan Mandir, Ekwari (Bhojpur), Collegiate High School, S M College-Bhagalpur, Courty's Compound, Bhagalpur, Bazar Samiti Road, Buxar and Nalanda Sainik School-Rajgir.Dozens of NIT-Patna students started the day with 108 'Surya Namaskar'. The students then volunteered to conduct 'Yogathon Challenge' in city's different schools. Similarly, 150 students of Kendriya Vidyalaya-Khagaul performed 108 rounds of 'Surya Namaskar' while 250 students of DAV-Gola Road and 458 students of Kendriya Vidyalaya-Kankerbagh participated in the challenge.All the participants were given 'Spirit of Yoga Certificate' and the winners who successfully completed 108 rounds were awarded gold certificates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12588098", "title": "Flames engulf cloth godown", "text": "KANPUR: A major fire engulfed a residential building in the densely populated Ghumni Bazaar area of the city on Sunday evening. The upper storey of the house was in flames when the last reports came in. The house belongs to a cloth merchant. The cloth godown caught fire. The flames spread in the entire house and an LPG cylinder was also engulfed. The fire tenders were finding it tough to control the flames due to the narrow lanes where the water cannons could not enter.Meanwhile, one person died in a fire at Naveen Market on Saturday night. Gulam Ali, a vegetable shopkeeper, died when he came in contact with a live wire, which snapped and fell on him. He was rushed to the UHM Hospital, where the doctors declared him brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593620", "title": "Dirty Picture choreographer inspired by Black Eyed Peas", "text": "Pony Verma is using crowdsourcing to hunt for an Assistant Choreographer.The well known hip hop band 'The Black Eyed Peas' had used crowdsourcing to hook the audience to their performance in Chicago last year. And going on those lines, Bollywood choreographer Pony Verma is also using crowdsourcing to hunt for an Assistant Choreographer for herself.Pony Verma who has made actors like Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan, Akshay Kumar, Hrithik Roshan, Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, Vidya Balan and Kareena Kapoor dance to her tunes, is all set to find a young, talented choreographer to assist her. She has recently collaborated with Talenthouse India, to find the new dancing star, to help her in making the Bollywood glitterati dazzle and sizzle on the floor!Speaking on the initiative, Pony Verma says, \"Globally many mega events are done through crowdsourcing. \"The Black Eyed Peas\" has interestingly used crowdsourcing to excite and hook the audience to their performance at Oprah's 24th Season kickoff party in Chicago last year. It is a brilliant initiative which will help aspiring performers to showcase their creativity and get the much needed exposure and recognition.\"The selected winner will receive global exposure and have an opportunity to work at Pony Verma's leading dance academy 'ISPA' as head-trainer. The winner will also get a chance to assist her in her future Bollywood projects. The best submission will be selected by Pony and her team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595050", "title": "'Kahaani' was unfilmable story on paper: Sujoy Ghosh", "text": "With two flops behind him, director Sujoy Ghosh says he decided to take a risk with Vidya Balan starrer \"Kahaani\", which looked a very unfilmable story on paper.Sujoy says he was discouraged from making the film which had a pregnant woman as the lead star, a bunch of unknown actors and Kolkata as a backdrop after Home Delivery and Aladin failed at the box office.\"The whole idea was to work with Vidya Balan. Also, as a filmmaker it was a nice challenge to create a thriller with a pregnant woman in lead. I had two gigantic flops behind me so I just wanted to be on an unknown turf. It was more of a gut feeling,\" Sujoy told PTI in an interview.His risk has paid off well with Kahaani continuing to run in cinema halls even a month after its release. But Sujoy says he was not sure that the film would work at the box office.\"There was no guarantee whether this will work because when you look on paper, the movie is everything that a film should not be. What is interesting about the film is that it had no crutches but acting and the way we told the story.\"My heart was set on it though people discouraged me and a lot of things happened. You get discouraged at every turn in your life but once your heart is set on something it is very hard to do anything else and that's what happened to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588212", "title": "Tibetans in India three times more prone to TB", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tibetans in exile, living in India, are now facing a serious enemy in Tuberculosis. The Union health ministry says Tibetans in exile have one of the highest rates of TB in the world.In India, the prevalence of the deadly air-borne disease is three times higher in the Tibetan population than the national average.The alarming trend made the head of India's Revised National TB Control Programme (RNTCP) Dr Ashok Kumar meet the Dalai Lama on Wednesday at Dharamsala - the seat of the Tibetan government-in-exile.The meeting, Union health ministry officials said, was to seek the Dalai Lama's guidance and intervention on how the Tibetan population could be better integrated into the RNTCP, and ensure that they take proper drugs in right regimens.RNTCP officials said, \"His Holiness has promised to help the ministry to fight TB among Tibetans.\"They added: \"While India's national TB prevalence is about 168 cases per 1 lakh people, exiled Tibetans living in India have a TB rate of nearly 500 per 1 lakh population.\"Dr Kunchok Dorjee, TB programme director at Delek Hospital, Dharamsala, who hosted Dr Kumar, said: \"Low-nutritional status of monks who fled Tibet in the 1960s made them prone to TB. Those who were infected spread it to others through migration. Child monks also live in close quarters and share dormitories inside the monasteries. Even if one of them is infected with the disease, it spreads to others easily.\"The ministry is most worried about multidrug-resistant (MDR) - a form that is hard to treat among Tibetans in India. Dr Dorjee added: \"At present, we don't really know the prevalence of MDR TB among Tibetans. Around 20 DOTS centers in and around Dharamsala is treating patients with normal TB.\" The ministry has assured us all support - both to diagnose and treat MDR TB.\"A RNTCP official added: \"We have told the Tibetan population that we will supply them drugs to treat MDR TB provided they follow the national TB control protocols.\"While treating a normal TB patient costs Rs 600 over six-eight months, MDR-TB patient's treatment is exponentially expensive at around Rs 1.5 lakh over 24-28 months. The World Health Organization has supplied the exiled government with two Genexperts - a machine that diagnoses MDR TB is less than two hours.A Line Probe Assay test takes two days to diagnose a single MDR sample, while liquid culture and solid culture tests take two months and four months, respectively.\"Time is of prime importance as far as diagnosing TB is concerned. A single MDR TB patient can spread the disease to 15 people every year, if left untreated,\" said a ministry official. A recent study found that incidence rates of TB among monastery monks were even higher than in the settlements.An official said it is of vital importance to stop the spread of TB among exiled Tibetans in Delhi, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Dharamsala. It is estimated that 100,000 Tibetans live in India, and their population in Dharamsala is about 25,000.An earlier Johns Hopkins report had said new cases of this preventable and curable disease among the young students and monks and nuns is higher than almost any other population in the world, and the threat of sickness, drug resistance, and mortality is a serious threat to their well-being. It had said, \"The TB problem for Tibetans is exacerbated by their refugee status which has led to poverty, work-related migration, malnutrition and over-crowding. An immediate emergency response plan, including proper drug supply are needed to prevent unnecessary disease and death in this vulnerable population.\"It had said that in 2007, the estimated TB incidence among Tibetan refugees in Himachal Pradesh was 816/100,000, a rate that is three-four times higher than all other Asian countries, including that of the general population in India.TB incidence was about 2,500/100,000 in the residential schools for newly-arrived Tibetan refugees. More than half of TB patients were student or monks and nuns, and 75% were below 30 years.EoM", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12590307", "title": "BTech student hangs himself over exam worries", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day before his annual exam, a 24-year-old BTech student, Ranchit Goyal, with Saheed Udham Singh (SUS) College of Engineering &amp; Technology in Mohali, ended his life after hanging himself at his residence in Sector 34. He took the extreme step in the wee hours of Sunday.Deceased's father Ravinder Pal Goyal, in his statement to police, said, his son was under stress due to exams. Ranchit was the only son and is survived by parents and three elder sisters, who are married. Police sources said Ranchit failed to clear two subjects of his final semester in BTech in 2011, and this year it was his last chance to clear those subjects.The incident came to light when Ranchit's mother came to his room looking for him and found his body. According to police, the student did not leave a suicide note. He took the extreme step between 4.30am and 6am, said sources.Additional SHO of police station in Sector 34, sub inspector Shadi Lal, said the body was kept in mortuary of GMCH-32 and will be handed over to family after postmortem examination on Monday. Police have initiated an inquest proceeding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "sonepat", "code": "12590648", "title": "Teacher run over for not allowing cheating", "text": "SONEPAT: Two men ran their car over a teacher on Saturday for refusing to allow their friend to cheat in the matriculation examinations of Haryana Open School, near Lahrada village of the district.Mukesh Kumar (38), who teaches in Ramjas Public School in Sonepat, succumbed to injuries at a Delhi hospital on Sunday. The accused, who are yet to be arrested, have been identified as Vikram (30) and Hariom (26). The victim was on way to home on his motorcycle when he was stopped by the duo. \"Infuriated, when the teacher refused to oblige, they ran their car over him twice and fled,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12589630", "title": "Mangalore University's nod for carnatic music, bharatnatyam", "text": "MANGALORE: In a move aimed at nourishing classical art forms - bharatanatyam and carnatic music - the academic council of Mangalore University has approved regulations governing the choice based credit system for two-year master's degree programme for these art forms.This would pave the way for art schools under the university to offer master's degree - MA (Bharathanatyam) and MA ( Karnatak Music) once the Governor gives his assent.Vice-chancellor TC Shivashankara Murthy said the university acceding to requests from art colleges framed the syllabus and the regulations for these master's degree programme.Once these courses are instituted in the university, colleges may apply to start the same in their respective institutions, he said, adding that the university has always backed demands from various quarters to start rare and innovative courses that benefit the students.Araty Shetty, principal, Sarsa School of Arts and Science, also chairman of board of studies for these master's programme said students interested in pursuing their master's programme in these disciplines hitherto had to approach either Mysore or Bangalore University for the same.The school which offers one-year post diploma in bharatanayam and carnatic music will now be in a position to offer the two-year masters programme at the school.There are a lot of students who wish to do their research in dance and music and a master's degree would be the stepping stone in this direction, Araty told TOI.Noting that she faced this problem as a student, Araty said students who have completed their junior, senior and vidwat grade of examinations offered by Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board (KSEEB) can now hope to take the next logical step of higher studies in these areas.Observing that a lot of her students have gone on to do their masters programme in the above mentioned two universities, Araty said she did have students come over from Bangalore and Mysore for the PG diploma that the school offered.With a few other colleges offering these art forms as an elective at under-graduate level, Araty feels the potential for the master's programme will only grow and attract research oriented students towards it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596247", "title": "I had got bored of my character in TV: Pulkit Samrat", "text": "You might remember him as the 'Lakshya Virani' of Kyunki... Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi', but Pulkit Samrat is all set to make a come back in new avatar; but this time it would be not on small but the silver screen.He is playing the lead in the upcoming Bollywood flick 'Bittoo Boss'. Ask him did he always eyed on the big screen, and he says, \"Yes, I had trained myself for the films from the very beginning. I took that character (Lakshya) because it was a very filmi character, it was going to be much bigger than what usual television characters are; that is the reason why I agreed.\" So what went wrong? \"We found out, it wasn't going the way we had visualized it.I felt after a point that there was no thrill or challenge in that character, and I got bored. So production house and I mutually decided that it was better for me to leave the show.\" But Pulkit says, his stint with television didn't go in vain after all. \"I made many mistakes and I also learnt a lot of lessons,\" he explains, adding, \"Whatever I picked up from my mistakes is helping me a lot ever since.\" And what's the difference between the two mediums? \"Deadlines are the major difference,\" Pulkit says, \"In television, what you have shot in the morning, may go on air that very day in the evening; but films give you a lot of time to work on your character. You can spend time in understanding your role, graphing its journey and the treatment of it. Also, films are bigger and more glamorous while TV has wider reach.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588268", "title": "Senior IPS officer framed builder: State", "text": "MUMBAI: IPS officer Bipin Bihari, facing a departmental inquiry for registering a false case and arresting the accused, was in contact with the complainant on the day of the arrest and a day prior to it, charges framed by the state government said.Bihari lied during a state crime investigation department probe that he did not speak to the complainant on those two days, a document containing the charges said. Bihari is accused of forcing his junior officers to register two different cases against builder Rajendra Chaturvedi at the Juhu police station in February-March 2007.The complainant in the case was Rashmikant Shah who had a dispute with Chaturvedi over a Rs 500 core redevelopment of a plot in Kalachowkie. The police registered two separate cases on February 25 and March 5 against few persons saying they had conspired to kill Shah at the instance of Chaturvedi.The state government is conducting a departmental enquiry against Bihari. In an SMS to The Times of Bihari said, \" I have answers for all your questions, but it can only be given at the right forum. Anything I tell you will go against the established rules. Hence I don't want to comment.''The documents said that Bihari's special squad arrested two of the conspirators and asked Juhu police station senior inspector Pradeep Shinde to register a second case and start the groundwork to invoke the Maharashtra Organised Crime Control Act (MCOCA) against the accused. The act is stringent and obtaining bail is difficult in MCOCA cases.A reluctant Shinde followed the instructions and forwarded the proposal to invoke MCOCA to his immediate superior assistant commissioner of police Nimgaonkar. The ACP raised some questions and returned it to Shinde. Bihari asked them to ignore it and on his instructions Nimgaonkar forwarded the proposal to deputy commissioner of police Vinay Choubey. Bihari approved invoking MCOCA on March 14, the documents said.Bihari also arranged for money and a revolver which his officers mentioned as recovered from the arrested accused. He insisted on Chaturvedi's arrest despite objections from Choubey and Shinde saying there was not enough evidence. Shinde arrested Chaturvedi on March 15 at the instance of Bihari.Bipin Bihari arranged for money and a revolver which his officers mentioned as 'recovered' from the accused. He insisted on the builder's arrest despite objections from juniors saying there was not enough evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12592855", "title": "Kashyap pips Kashyap at Box Office", "text": "Director Anurag Kashyap's unreleased Gangs of Wasseypur, a 'coal mines of Dhanbad meets The Godfather' film, has allegedly been cloned in a flick The Coal Mafia by another director, who happens to have the same surname as Anurag.It is learnt the other Kashyap-Ajay-has 14 potboilers to his credit, the earliest being the 1985 Sanjay Dutt-Anita Raj starrer Jaan Ki Baazi. Just how and why Ajay decided to make a film on the same theme as Anurag, that too when Anurag was in the midst of putting together his six-hour, two-part Gangs of Wasseypur, is a puzzle that begs solving. To add to it, The Coal Mafia is being rush-released in May, a month ahead of Gangs of Wasseypur.When contacted, all Anurag said was, \"I am happy for Ajay Kashyap. His film is about the coal mafia. Coal is just a part of my film. He has made an epic whereas mine is just a simple film. All the best to him!\"However, an actor from Anurag's film revealed, \"We were horrified when we heard about this other Kashyap also doing a quickie on Dhanbad's coal mines, and releasing it before our film. Anurag wasn't aware of any such project until someone brought it to his notice. The good news is apart from the surname, the two belong to completely different schools of thought and creative sensibilities.\"Ribbed about his film's uncanny similarity to Anurag's film, Ajay chose not to reply. But an actor from The Coal Mafia disclosed, \"It would be very unethical to say anything against the film before its release. All I can tell you is that the treatment of the theme in Ajay's film is strictly commercial. Ajay is a good human being but being a good human being and a good filmmaker are not the same thing. The Coal Mafia is a typical formula film. But to say the resemblance between the two films is purely coincidental would be naive. The idea is to pre-empt Anurag's film on the same theme.\"Interestingly, both Kashyaps were denied permission to shoot on location in Dhanbad. In Anurag's Gangs Of Wasseypur, Varanasi had to masquerade as Dhanbad while Ajay had to recreate Dhanbad somewhere on the outskirts of Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593552", "title": "Tarsem tackles a fairy tale with \u2018Mirror Mirror\u2019", "text": "Indian American filmmaker Tarsem Singh puts his distinctively weird - and ever so slightly subversive - stamp on the Snow White fable in \" Mirror Mirror,\" a family-friendly comedy now in theaters.\"Mirror Mirror\" has all the hallmarks of a wholesome family film, including a star turn by America's sweetheart, Julia Roberts , and a soundtrack by Disney stalwart Alan Menken , but there is no mistaking the offbeat look that marks the film as a Tarsem creation.The Relativity Media release stars Lily Collins, Julia Roberts, Nathan Lane and Armie Hammer. It opened Mar. 30 to an estimated $19 million from 3,603 theaters; and according to a Relativity press release quoted by BoxOfficeMojo, 60 percent of its audience was families with children aged 12-and-under, with 74 percent of those children girls.The film closes with a campy, Bollywood-inspired dance number performed by its star, Lily Collins: cute, but an odd choice, since Singh told India-West in an earlier interview that he was not a fan of Bollywood films.\"Mirror Mirror\" marks a shift in tone for the director known for awe-inspiring visual landscapes (\"The Cell,\" \"The Fall\") and bone-crunching 3D special effects (his \"Immortals\" grossed more than $215 million worldwide).But producer Bernie Goldmann says that Singh was his first choice to direct \"Mirror Mirror\".\"Tarsem was the perfect filmmaker to direct this film,\" said Goldmann in the film's press notes. \"He knows how to enhance a story with color and light and is very comfortable with the kind of scope we wanted for this movie. There's no one else like him.\"Singh told this reporter in an earlier interview that despite the fairy tale foundations of the film, he actually had more room to play than with his previous films, in part because its star, Julia Roberts, who plays the evil queen , was enthusiastic about working with Singh. \"I had more creative freedom on ['Mirror Mirror'],\" he told India-West. \"It was much easier because Julia was so much on my side. Everybody was so terrified of Julia. She wants to work with Tarsem and whatever she says goes.\"I'd just explain my ideas that I wanted, and she'd say, 'That's the movie I want to make,'\" he said.Roberts herself explains in the press notes, \"[Tarsem's] fearlessness brought an incredible sense of integrity to the film, which allowed all of the actors to fully realize these characters.\"Tarsem himself welcomed the chance to move in a different direction with this film, and he feels he has been mislabeled till now, he told The Hollywood Reporter. \"I do a billion commercials, I do lots of kiddie things, I do all sorts of stuff, but my first three films happen to be R-rated movies, so I think everybody was thinking that's where my take is.\"The story of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs has been told throughout Europe for almost 600 years, in many different countries and versions. The producers, and Singh, researched the history of the tale before committing to a screenplay. \"Going back and looking at the original story was a very important process,\" Singh said in the press notes.\"There are thousands of different variations that have developed since it was first written\" - such as one track in which the Seven Dwarfs aren't honest, hard-working little sweethearts as in the Disney version, but instead drink, lust after women, and earn their living as highway robbers.Tarsem Singh, working with three of his favorite collaborators (production designer Tom Foden, cinematographer Brendan Galvin and Oscar-winning costumer designer Eiko Ishioka), constructed an enormous soundstage in Montreal that included sets of a snowbound forest; the dwarfs' rustic home inside a hollowed-out tree log; and the queen's luxurious bedroom in the clouds. \"We certainly use green screen and wonderful visual effects in the film,\" just has he did with \"Immortals,\" Singh said. \"However, I also wanted to make the actors' surroundings as visceral and real as possible. That's why the sets had to be oversized.\"Critics have been nonplussed by the film, which has earned just 50 percent on RottenTomatoes.com. But critics are not 12-year-old American girls.\"My primary goal with this film is to create a family movie that people will have a lot of fun seeing,\" said Singh. \"It's been a great honor getting to creatively reinterpret this classic story, which has meant so much to so many generations. I really hope the audience enjoys what we've created.\"Up next for the Ludhiana, Punjab, born director is a wartime thriller called \"Eye in the Sky.\" This film \"isn't going to be so image-oriented. It's going to be much more story and character-driven,\" said Singh.By Lisa TseringSource: indiawest.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "medak", "code": "12588841", "title": "Medical alerts for pregnant women", "text": "MEDAK: Pregnant women in Medak district will now get medical advice on their phones. In a first-of-its-kind experiment in Medak by the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), expectant women will get reminders about their appointments with doctors on their mobile phones soon.The project titled 'Matrudevobhava' will be implemented in Dubbaka mandal first.\"The idea is to encourage pregnant women in rural areas to avail themselves of the medical services before and after the delivery and get immunization as per the schedule,\" said Janardhan Reddy, district NRHM officer. Sources said the medical and health officials would send voice messages to the mobile phones of the women and alerts a day before their appointment with the doctors. Some 40,000 pregnant women seek medical facilities in the primary healthcare centres (PHCs).A local NGO has come forward to fund the project in Dubbaka mandal where 3,200 pregnant women would enjoy the service.\"Depending on the success of the project, we will extend it to other parts of the district,\" collector Suresh Kumar said. An exclusive call centre would also be set up in the district headquarters for the benefit of pregnant women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12590412", "title": "Now, state to crack down on corrupt government doctors", "text": "PANAJI: Health minister Laxmikant Parsekar on Sunday warned that action will be taken against government doctors who indulge in private practice. A circular to this affect has been issued by the Goa medical college and hospital dean, warning doctors not to conduct private practice.\"Government doctors are being paid non-practicing allowance (NPA) and they shouldn't indulge in private practice. Due to many indulging in private practice, they are not able to do justice to their work in the hospital,\" Parsekar said.Sources said that majority of government doctors take the NPA and simultaneously do private practice.\"The NPA is almost 25% of the basic and the doctors get almost 20,000 to 25,000 as NPA,\" sources said.\"In the past, they used to do private practice after hospital working hours. But now they do private practice even during OPD hours due to which the service rendered to patients is affected. It is alleged that some doctors even do private practice in GMC,\" sources said.Parsekar said that he is serious about curbing the problem. \"This is the third time, I am saying that government doctors shouldn't indulge in private practice. I had first said this in a meeting with heads of departments at GMC and subsequently reiterated my stand in another meeting. I have asked the dean, Dr V N Jindal, to initiate action. He must have issued a circular regarding this by now and action will definitely follow,\" Parsekar said.Jindal said, \"I have already issued a circular asking doctors not to indulge in private practice.\"The circular states that if despite warning, the doctors indulge in private practice, strict action will be taken.Many officials said that taking action is easier said than done.\"The moment action is initiated against a government doctor for indulging in private practice, they threaten to resign. The government should prepare a file on the doctors and if they resign, then they should ask them to repay the NPA and other benefits should be denied to them. Only then such practices will stop,\" said a doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589384", "title": "II PU valuation begins today", "text": "BANGALORE: Clouds that had gathered over the valuation of II PU examination, slated to begin on Monday, appear to have cleared, for now. The lecturers have put on hold their plans to go on an indefinite strike till Thursday.The Karnataka PU College Lecturers Association, whose members staged a day-long dharna at Freedom Park here on Sunday, met primary and secondary education minister Vishveshwara Hegde Kageri in the afternoon. They put their plans to go on an indefinite strike on hold after the minister assured them that their demands would be met in the next couple of days.\"We have been assured by the minister that some of our demands, that are within his reach, will be taken care of within the next two days. He also said that he will arrange a meeting for us with the CM before Thursday to sort out our problems. We are calling off the strike for the time being, but will boycott the valuation process if no decision is taken in our favour,\" said Thimmaiah Purle, president, Karnataka PU College Lecturers' Association.Over 100 lecturers gathered at the Freedom Park to draw the attention of the government their problems like salary disparity, eligibility criteria in appointment and probation period.\"Junior college lecturers, tahsildars, panchayat executive officers and assistant engineers of various departments are of the same cadre. Till 1996, there was no disparity in the salaries, but the gap cropped up and widened later. While the lecturers' basic salary was fixed at Rs 6,000, that of tahsildars and executive officers was Rs 7,400 and Rs 8,000, respectively. The disparity kept increasing and the 7th Pay Commission has allotted a basic salary of Rs 22,800 for PU lecturers and Rs 28,100 for tahsildars. We want this disparity to be levelled,\" explained association member Janardhan.The agitating lecturers demanded the implementation of the Kumar Naik Committee report to set right wage disparities. \"We want the implementation of the report, which grants Rs 12,600 as basic salary for lecturers. Although the amount is still less than the salary received by officers of same cadre, we will accept it,\" said another member of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596575", "title": "Karan and Jennifer's wedding, a low key affair", "text": "KSG and Jennifer's wedding, a low key affair He is arguably the hottest hunk and she is one of the most stylish actresses of television and when they come together, fireworks are expected.The actors in question, Karan Singh Grover and Jennifer Winget (they were seen together in Kasautii Zindagii Kay and Dill Mill Gayye) are tying the knot today and the details of D-day has been a closely guarded secret. While some said that the most talked-about wedding will take place in Goa, others claimed that the couple isn't going out of town but will get married in a gurudwara in Mumbai.However, we can now tell u that the wedding is happening in Mumbai but not in a gurudwara. Informs a source close to the couple, \"The wedding is not taking place in the Gurudwara but will be registered in court. However, it's still not clear whether they will be doing the same from home or will be going to court to register the wedding. In the evening, the two families, close relatives and few friends will dine together to celebrate the occasion. The media has been hounding Karan and Jennifer regarding the details of their marriage but their families are in no mood to make it a grand affair and don't want any publicity around it.\" We wish the couple a very happy married life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588303", "title": "Kids chant the fitness mantra", "text": "MUMBAI: It hardly comes as a surprise to us when adults make plans to hit the gym during holidays to stay fit and healthy. The latest entrants to this trend are the young lot, some as young as five, who want to make the best of their summer vacations. A host of summer camps and private players in the city are coming up with interesting summer programmes for even the tiny tots which include games, story telling and also gymnastics.\"We hold fun fitness sessions for kids as it is important for the regime to be a lot of fun, otherwise it is difficult to hold a child's attention,\" said Banoo Jasubhoy, the brains behind Fit Kid Fun Factory. Jasubhoy started this centre in 1997 and slowly started including sessions for little kids. \"We have age appropriate equipment in our class like hula hoops, bean bags, trampolines, pull-up bars that make exercise fun. We also have dancing and story telling sessions for children,\" she added. Fit Kid Fun Factory is based in Walkeshwar and has sessions for kids through out the year.Dr Ekta Bhatia started Lil Munchkins in Bandra almost two years ago. At present, the demand for her \"gym\" and activities has grown to the extent that she has opened a new branch in Andheri. \"Holidays make way for extra time to bank on junk food and laze around and it's a known fact that kids tend to put on a lot of weight during vacations,\" said Bhatia. She said many parents worried about their child's eating habits have been looking for options to not just keep their kids busy in the summer, but also do some physical activity to tone their bodies.While fitness is a major aspect of these sessions, strength and balance co-ordination also becomes a part of the regime. Cardio, aerobics and dancing on the trampoline are the most popular activities among kids. \"We also have young children attending our programme so we make sure that the sessions are child-centric,\" Bhatia said. Mona Desai's five-year-old daughter has been attending Bhatia's programme for close to two years now and is happy with the activities that are conducted. \"It is fitness in a fun way; they even teach how to walk and focus on posture too,\" said Desai.While a set of parents stick to these programmess throughout the year, there are many who focus on specific programmes planned around summer vacations. \"We have noticed too many cases of obesity due to laziness and zero activity during summer vacations. These session seem to attract both my children as they get to interact with kids their age and be part of activities full of energy,\" said Aseema Merchant whose children, 9 and 11, are attending similar workshops in the city this summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12589504", "title": "1 dead, dozens hurt in cylinder blast", "text": "BHOPAL: A man died and two dozen persons, including six women , sustained injuries when a cylinder blast ripped apart a two-storeyed house in Aishbagh area in wee hours on Sunday.Four families were asleep in the house at the time of incident. Police suspect gas leak triggered the blast. So severe was the blast that adjoining houses developed cracks in walls and windows.The incident took place in Kammo Ki Bagiya in Aishbagh area around 4.45 in the morning. Police said the deceased, Babulal, lived with his two brothers and their families. Besides, the tenants lived in the house. The police said around 16 persons were asleep in the house, when the blast reduced the house to rubble.The senior officials visited the spot later in the day and said investigations were on to ascertain the exact cause of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587376", "title": "Rules make 'Veer Nari' an 'abla'", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government rules have made this 'Veer Nari (brave woman)', Tusia Devi - the widow of 'Shaurya Chakra' winner armyman, Mahendra Kumar Sharma - an 'abla (weak woman)'. After running from pillar to post for over 28 years, seeking financial assistance and a plot of land as per the policy of Bihar government, her hopes lie shattered.The state government last week came out with its plea that there is no rule or provision for providing ex gratia to the widows of those army men who sacrifice their lives while protecting the lives and properties of citizens.Tusia's husband, Mahendra Kumar Sharma, had laid down his life while fighting the road robbers who attacked the bus he was travelling in on January 27, 1984, near Jehangirpur village in Jehanabad district, but saved the lives of 40 passengers, including 16 schoolchildren. An army signalman, he was awarded 'Shaurya Chakra' posthumously, while the Army bestowed the title of 'Veer Nari' to Tusia, now 53, who lives at Kinjar in Arwal district.The government has now taken the stand that she cannot be given any benefit other than what was given to her earlier.The State Information Commission (SIC) had taken up her case and in January last, sought a report from the principal secretary, home, and directed the information officer of Army Welfare Directorate to report about the moves initiated for granting financial assistance and a plot of land to Tusia, a mother of two.The public information officer (PIO) of home (special) department turned up at the SIC last week to say there was no provision to extend help to her. He produced a letter signed by the principal secretary, home, to this effect before information commissioner Farzand Ahmed, who had passed the earlier order. Ahmed told the PIO there might not be any rule to help the widow of an army man whose bravery was recognized by Army, but every rule has an exception.SP Sharma, senior record officer of the Jabalpur-based Signal division of the Indian Army, had, on December 5, 2005, recommended an ex gratia of Rs 10 lakh to Tusia. Her lawyer, Sachin Thakur, who pleaded her case before the SIC, said while people including those with criminal background get compensation in the event of their being killed, when the question of helping and rehabilitating the widow of an army man arises, babus take the cover of rules.Babus have won, but Ahmed has asked the PIO to inform in writing what a widow like Tusia Devi deserves and what the state has done for her so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593730", "title": "Jobs at hand", "text": "The placement trend for 2011-12 for DU colleges has been good despite the economic slowdown, with an increased number of students placed although on lesser pay packages than last year. Vatsala Shrangi reportsDelhi University colleges are wrapping up the academic year with a bounce of good placements despite the economic slump. Most colleges had their last round of placement drives during February-March with a few colleges still winding up the process. Unlike last year, the packages offered this year were not as high yet, though the number of placements was good across all colleges.Even this year, Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC) bagged the highest offer of Rs 30 lakh per annum as against Rs 39 lakh last year in the university. Deutsche Bank , which offered Rs 39 lakh per annum package with an international placement did not offer the same this year. However, Rio Tinto, first-time recruiter on campus offered Rs 30-lakh pay packet with an international placement in Australia. The company has made the offer to two students of BCom (Hons) in the college for the profile of an assistant project manager.\"The placement trend was good this year despite the slowdown, overall 250 students were placed. The remuneration offered is low as compared to last year yet the number of companies coming to campus to recruit was good with first-time recruiter's such as Rio Tinto, Baring Private Equity International and D E Shaw India Financial Services,\" said Aditya Narain, pursuing BCom (Hons) and placement-in-charge, SRCC.Kirori Mal College (KMC), Hindu, Hansraj, Miranda House, Lady Shri Ram (LSR) and Gargi have had a good season of placements with 30-40% students being placed. According to Seema Parihar, associate professor, department of geography, and head of placement cell, KMC, \"We are not affected by the global recession. The placement scenario has been good with more than 150 students placed. The highest package offered in the college is Rs 9.3 lakh by FuturesFirst, an accounts company. However, unlike past years when mostly commerce students bagged the highest pay packets, this time a physics students has got the highest.\"While LSR has got more than 30% students placed, Gargi has placed more than 70 students. According to faculty members, the placement scenario has been good in terms of the number of students placed. Besides, they claim students from social sciences, languages, and even disciplines like Hindi (Hons) have been placed.\"The volume of placements made this year was good with Rs 5.5 lakh per annum being the average offer at LSR. Surprisingly, a number of students from humanities including Hindi (Hons) have been selected by reputed companies and media organisations both print and television,\" said Arvind Kumar, department of commerce, LSR college.The companies that visited DU campus included Google, Citibank, McKinsey Knowledge Centre, Delloite, KPMG , Viacom 18, Wipro, HCL, Grail Research, Ernst and Young, Trident Hotels, Infinity Business School, Accenture, Capital IQ, Jabong.com among others.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588315", "title": "JEE exam simpler this time, say most aspirants", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly five lakh candidates appeared for the joint entrance exam (JEE) of IITs on Sunday. While many aspirants were relieved that the 'most difficult' of all engineering entrance exams was through now, others seemed anxious about their performance which will make or mar their chances of admission to any of the 15 IITs in the country besides IT-BHU and ISM-Dhanbad. The exam was held in two parts and each paper was three-hour-long. Though they had a back-breaking time attempting the papers, many candidates felt that the first part was simpler than the second and JEE this year seemed a bit simpler than previous years.\"Paper 1, which carried 210 marks this year, seemed easier than Paper 2 which was for 198 marks. Last time, both papers were for 240 marks each. Also, I felt JEE last year was more challenging. There were hardly any questions on matrix this time and not many integer-type questions which require a lot of time and exhaustive brainwork,\" said Shrustijeet Panda from Bhubaneshwar who prepared for JEE at Kota in Rajasthan and appeared for the exam at Barakhamba Road in the city. Another candidate, Hemshikha, from Lady Irwin School in the city too found the first paper simpler and more doable. She is keen on pursuing BTech though she is more hopeful of getting through GGSIP University in the city. \"I had not done any special preparation for JEE and instead followed CBSE more regularly. Let's see what happens,\" she said justafter the exam.Coaching centres got busy analyzing the question paper right after the two papers held from 9am to 12 noon and then from 2pm to 5pm were over. \"As compared to previous years, IIT-JEE this year was relatively easy and came with little or no surprises. The students were prepared for more for more aggressive questions like match-the-following-type questions, which were totally missing from the papers this time,\" said T K Bansal from Bansal Tutorials. Ajay Antony, vice-president, TIME, added, \"There were 10 versions for JEE 2012 from 0 to 9. Paper 1 had 60 questions in the order of physics, chemistry and mathematics. Each subject had 20 questions and the pattern was exactly the same for all the subjects.\" He found some questions lengthier this time as compared to last year.While a little over five lakh candidates were registered for JEE across the country, 74,493 students were likely to take the exam in the IIT Delhi zone which includes Delhi city, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Ballabhgarh, Jammu, Indore, Ujjain, Alwar, Sikar, Udaipur, Aligarh, Mathura and Dubai . The exam was held at 1,067 centres for a total of 9,618 seats. It was also the first time, candidates got to take home a carbon copy of their OMR answer sheets. The answer keys to Sunday's exam will be put up on the JEE website before the results are declared on May 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12588403", "title": "Trio kidnap girl to fund overseas travel, nabbed", "text": "NOIDA: Police on Sunday arrested three youth for abducting a four-year-old girl to fund themselves for travelling overseas with the ransom money. The three accused, in their mid-twenties, live in sector 39 of the city and are qualified professionals working with various private companies in Noida.Of the three kidnappers, Mohammed Shariq, a qualified architect works in a city-based IT company, while Lalit Kumar, works with a hotel in Noida. The other accused, Rakshit Rastogi, is an engineering graduate. Police arrested the culprits by tracing down the location of the mobile phone used to make the ransom calls.The accused kidnapped the four-year-old girl, whose father is a priest in a temple near Chhalera village in sector 37, on Saturday evening. The girl's father lodged a missing complaint with the sector 39 police station when his daughter did not return home till late in the evening after she went out to play around 4pm.Subsequently, the girl's mother began receiving ransom calls on her phone from an unknown mobile number. The abductors reportedly demanded Rs 1 lakh from the parents to secure safe release of their daughter. The callers threatened of killing the child if police were informed.According to police, while Rakshit and Lalit Kumar staged the kidnapping of the girl, Sharik kept a close tab on the movements of the family and even accompanied them to the police station to lodge a complaint. \"Sharik is a neighbour of the victim's family and acted smartly, showing off his sympathy with the parents of the child,\" said SP (City), Yogesh Kumar. \"Later, he also managed to get hold of the mobile number of the girl's mother and made ransom calls to her continuously. The arrested culprits told the police that they needed the money to travel overseas,\" said Kumar.The kidnappers had planned to share the booty among them. After landing in the police net the accused started blaming each other. Both Rakshit and Lalit blamed Sharik for hatching the kidnapping plot.The kidnappers made the calls with a new SIM card after they took the girl to Anand Vihar from the Botanical Garden Metro station. \"Upon repeated tracing of calls, it was found that the same number was used from the Metro station as well as from Anand Vihar,\" said Kumar.A police team reached the Metro station from where the first accused, Rakshit Rastogi was arrested. Upon interrogation, he gave away the names and location of his two accomplices who were subsequently arrested from Anand Vihar. Police have registered a case under section 364A of the IPC against the three youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kochar market", "code": "12589972", "title": "Satpal has music in his roots", "text": "KOCHAR MARKET: Popularly known as \"Bhapa jee\", 64-year-old Satpal was born to a family which had its roots deep in music - its unique rythmns and beats. Now a part of the seventh generation involved in playing, teaching and making dhols (drums), Satpal is very proud of his ancestral gift. He says, ''My family migrated to Ludhiana, after Partition from Doklua, Gujarat. I was born and brought up here. I learnt playing the dhol from my father Chunni Lal, who learnt it from his father, and started exploring my love for music at an early age. ''Busy in his workshop near Kochar Market, giving final touches to dhols made on order to be send to Canada and England, Satpal is a self confessed workaholic. On being asked about the number of dhols he has made till date, he says, ''I have lost count of the dhols made for India, but I have sent more than 1,000 dhols to countries like America, Canada, England and Malaysia . There are large number of Punjabi clubs and cultural societies in various parts of these countries where these are required.''His unique style of dhol playing won the hearts and minds of a whole generation of music lovers. Talking about sharing his talent, he said, ''There is a long list of people who have learnt playing dhol from me and are now either working with singers or performing at international level. I am very happy that I was able to share my talent with these people. I believe this way my family's legacy of playing the dhol will live forever.''Showing drum sticks, Satpal tells that two drum sticks are used for playing the dhol - the thick one called ''Daga'' is made of Kau wood and the slim stick called ''Tili'' is made of Pataki wood. These are rare varieties mostly found in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, he adds. ''The dhols on the other hand are made of mango , shisham (tali), and apricot wood. However, the membrane where the stick strikes is either made from goat skin or plastic,'' says Satpal.The price range of these dhols, he informs, starts from Rs 5,000 to Rs 1 lakh. ''These days I am making dhols for Headway School in Edmonton and Rooh Punjabi Dee Club in Toronto.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593326", "title": "Jewels online", "text": "Jewellery is considered as a treasure in Indian families and people buy it religiously.The concept of online jewellery mall has come up as a result of technology.It has been build for a value proposition for the industry on the whole.It gives consumers to choose the best from 100,000 jewellery souks across India through a common online platform by just a click of the mouse.Many top retailers and brands have started understanding the proposition and are benefiting from it.INDUSTRY STATUSThe jewellery industry is an unorganised sector in the Indian economy with 16 billion US$ annual sales growing annually.Diamonds are the highest sold category online followed by gold,silver and costume jewellery.Value,choice and trust are the factors determining the success online.GROWTH AREASAmong jewellery sold online, we can see a rise in fashion and designer jewellery especially in the metros across the country.In terms of career opportunities,people can start their careers as jewellery professionals and get jobs at the managerial positions in digital marketing,online sales,ecommerce,media planning,buying,operations and customer support departments.There is a crunch in ecommerce companies across India and being a digital media professional especially in the age of technology is one of the most lucrative jobs for freshers.SKILL-SETSThe core skill-set required from freshers is the attitude to learn and execute.Problem-solving approach and confidence are prized assets.People with a creative bent of mind can get in to digital promotions and advertising.On the academic side,graduation should be a must with some vocation degrees,which will add value to the understanding of the trade.REMUNERATIONA fresher entering an ecommerce company can earn up to Rs 15,000-Rs 20,000 per month depending on skills.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12590025", "title": "Chicken pox hits entire village in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Chandoriya village in Madhya Pradesh's Raisen district is down with chicken pox . Over the past 10 days, the virus has spread through the dalit-dominated hamlet situated about 120km north of the state capital.The district administration on Sunday rushed a medical team to Chandoriya. The situation went out of control as villagers had more faith in quacks than the government hospital and health centres. They believed the disease came as the blessing of a goddess.Every house in the village, with a population of about a thousand, has someone infected with the disease. Villagers claimed that at least 450 people including 60 children were affected by the disease. Sub-divisional magistrate Buta Singh Ebena, though, said that the situation was under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12588707", "title": "Civil Hospital to spend 55 lakh to upgrade neo-natal ICU, burns ward", "text": "GURGAON: The city's Civil Hospital will spend Rs 55 lakh to upgrade its neo-natal intensive care unit (NICU) and burns ward. The new facilities will be available round the clock by the end of April, said officials.The revamped NICU (also called Special Newborn Care Unit) will come up on the ground floor, adjacent to the gynaecology department, and have 21 beds.At present, the unit operates from the the gynaecology department and has only six beds. The NICU facility started last year where premature born babies are kept in incubators. Although the facility comes quite costly in private hospitals, it's being provided free of cost in the Civil Hospital.According to a source, the original deadline for the NICU renovation was January.Principal medical officer Asaruddin said, \"The NICU will cost around Rs 35 lakh. The hospital gets cases from all over the district and the new facility will prove beneficial to them. Five to six cases are being reported on a daily basis.\"Although the hospital already has a burns ward, a separate wing is being set up for better care of patients. The facility is part of the Centre's project for prevention of burn injuries. \"Besides Gurgaon, burn units are also being set up in Panipat and Rohtak. It will come up across the country eventually,\" Asaruddin added.The Civil Hospital already boasts of a first-of-its-kind ICU in any government hospital in the state. The intensive care unit has six beds, artificial respirators, ventilators and cardiac monitors to treat serious patients. The hospital has 55 doctors and an outsourced staff of 110 which cater to services like cleaning, sweeping and electricity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590924", "title": "PG diploma in acting", "text": "Jamia Millia Islamia University is all set to launch a new creed of actors, as the university's Mass Communication Research Centre (MCRC) will offer a course in acting from the new academic session. The course starting July 2012 will be a postgraduate diploma course of oneyear duration with a total intake of 20 students.The new course is meant to introduce students to the fundamentals of the subject and to make them informed observers of the experience of acting. However, the components of the course are still in the planning stage, the curricula will have various improvisations and exercises to cultivate the acting skills of students.Why acting? \"Jamia's MCRC has been expanding over the years. Though we always had films and theatre as course components, but there was no full-fledged course on acting, hence, we thought this is one area that can be developed. Also, in a place like Delhi, with a vibrant theatre culture, attracting talent and honing the skills will not be a problem,\" says Simi Malhotra, faculty and media co-ordinator.Talking about the course module, she adds, the course will be a shift from the traditional media to the new media. The curriculum is still being devised. Since it's a professional course, a balance will be maintained between theory and practice of acting. Inputs on acting, voice modulation, script-writing, production, etc, will be given to students to introduce them to various elements of the field.For the faculty, the department has approached people from the field, besides the existing faculty at the centre.According to Malhotra, it is going to be an exciting course. \"It will open a lot of avenues for students in theatre productions as well as television and film industry since acting is an important component across all these media.\"The eligibility for the course is graduation in any discipline (10+2+3) with not less than 50% marks in aggregate. Admission to the programme will be through an entrance test followed by an interview.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587267", "title": "Police make sketches of youth's killers", "text": "PATNA: The Patna police have made the sketches of the killers of a youth, Prem Anant alias Kallu, who was gunned down near Rukunpura Mushahari locality under Rupuspur police station in Patna district on Friday at around 8am. He was returning to his residence at Tarachak locality under Danapur police station with his friend Niranjan Kumar, both natives of Bedauli village under Naubatpur police station, on his motorcycle after attending his English coaching classes at an institute at Naya Tola here.Danapur SDPO Anil Kumar on Saturday said that sketches had been made to identify the assailants. An FIR has been lodged against unidentified people with the police station concerned in connection with the murder.Shot at: Criminals opened fire at one Mohd. Ehshan (25) with the bullet scraping his shoulder near Kamla Devi Sthan under the Sultanganj police station on Saturday.Ehshan, a resident of Sahganj locality, was on way to Mahendru for shopping when a group of criminals opened fire at him. Police said that Ehshan has criminal antecedents and he was sent to jail twice. He is also allegedly involved in sale of narcotics and his brother Mohd Chand, who was murdered several years back, was also involved in narcotics trade. Ehshan went underground soon after the incident, police said.Patna City SDPO Sushil Kumar said the local police have lodged a written complaint on their own in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593163", "title": "'Bol' director to move into Indo-Pak territory", "text": "The director of the two hardhitting Pakistani films Khuda Ke Liye and Bol, which left a deep impact on both sides of the border, is all set to make his third film. This time he moves out of his home territory to focus on a much wider issue. The thorny Indo-Pak relations.Mansoor's two feature-films so far have dealt with the socio-cultural, religious and political malaise in Pakistan. He has been seriously threatened for raising his voice against Islamic fundamentalism in Pakistan. He is now ready to do his third feature film. It would be a love story set during the 1947 Partition of India into two nations.Speaking from his home in Pakistan , Mansoor said, \"I've been deeply troubled by the deteriorating relations between the two countries. For too long now we've been blaming extraneous forces and a third party for the decline in friendship between the two nations. Why not look within ourselves for reasons why the bonding across the border has taken such a beating?\"Since the release of the widely-acclaimed 'Bol' in 2011 Mansoor has been putting finishing touches to his long-in-the-writing screenplay for his Indo-Pak love story. Now he's ready to tell his story. \"It cannot be a superficial boy-meets-girl-across-the-barbed-wire-fence story. Cinema in both countries needs to go deeper to pin down the reasons for the rapidly deteriorating relations between India and Pakistan,\" says Mansoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588197", "title": "\u2018Taxed\u2019 Mumbaikars flood civic body inbox", "text": "MUMBAI: Almost a fortnight after the civic body urged citizens to write in their suggestions to make changes to the BMC budget, over 100 emails and faxes made their way to the civic headquarters.Most people have raised concern over the proposed increase in taxation. For the first time, in nearly a decade, the civic body has proposed a hike in water and sewerage charges. The Rs 26,581 crore budget was, for the first time, thrown open to suggestions and objections from citizens. Citizens were asked to send their views between March 26 and April 4.Provisions were also made for citizens to demand that a budget head be taken off. The campaign to make a \"citizens' budget\" has been divided into three phases to seek suggestions from citizens. In the first phase, suggestions were to be sought at the ward level. After this, the civic budget will be sent to editors of news organizations. It will also go out to NGOs and social organizations.\"We have received hundreds of calls, smses and emails with suggestions ranging across departments. Most deal with the proposed hike in taxes for water and sewerage. We have received several suggestions for budget heads of other essential services like roads, water, waste management and so on,\" said standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale.\"I am quite unhappy to note that your ruling coalition in the BMC is taking many harsh steps to further burden the common Mumbaikar, who is already wilting due to inflation and high cost of essential items. You have planned to increase the water charges on residential consumers. The latest shock is to approve the proposal to increase the BEST bus fares We have voted your combination to power in the BMC because we were fed up by the corruption and anti-poor governance of the DF government. But it seems, all have the same attitude once they get elected to power,\" said KB Raghavan in his email.Vaman Kukadia, secretary of Tagore Park co-operative housing society in Malad reiterated the concerns on hike in taxes. \"Paying water charges and property tax at double the rate is not affordable. In such circumstances, if the water charge increases by 14% and so does the sewage charge, it will be unaffordable. An increase in water taxes by 8% every year means almost double the charge in the next seven years. There are many other sources and means to increase the income of BMC which should be adopted rather than burdening the common man. Water charges may be hiked for luxurious hotels, service apartments, etc, but not for residential societies,\" he said.Resident Dilnawaz Shaikh's suggestions dealt with infrastructure, especially related to roads. \"Pothole complaints should be attended to within 24 hours. Most footpaths are not maintained properly and many concrete storm water drain covers are either broken or missing. Make the footpaths usable,\" she said.The standing committee has the authority to make necessary changes in the budget before it is cleared under the MMC Act, 1888. Committee members will discuss and make changes before seeking the final approval in the civic general body meeting.We voted you to power because we were fed up by corruption of the DF government. But it seems, all have the same attitude once they get elected to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587741", "title": "No breakthrough in cash loot case", "text": "PATNA: Even after four days, the Khagaul police have failed to make any breakthrough in the case of snatching of Rs 70,000 cash from a college girl near her house at New Colony.Motorcycle borne criminals had snatched Rs 70,000 from a Class XI student of Khagaul Mahila College, Neha, when she was returning home along with her uncle Sudhir Kumar after withdrawing the amount from the Garikhana branch of Bank of India on April 4. Neha had boarded a rickshaw to reach home but when she came near her house, three motorcycle-borne youths snatched the bag containing the cash from her.Khagaul SHO Kamod Prasad, on Sunday, said raids were being conducted at the hideouts of the suspects to recover the cash and arrest them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12588160", "title": "College employee shoots self after family row", "text": "KANPUR: A Class IV employee of an inter college allegedly committed suicide by shooting himself under Bhognipur Kotwali police station in Ramabi Nagar on late Saturday night. The incident was reported from the Nonapur village area and police were investigating the case.The deceased has been identified as Sarvesh Kumar Savita, a Class IV employee at Nonapur Inter College in Bhognipur, said inspector Kotwali Hari Ram Verma. According to the police, the incident occurred late on Saturday night. The man reportedly shot himself in the head with a countrymade firearm.\"Sarvesh was reprimanded by his in-laws over a domestic issue when he had severely scolded his wife Uma Devi. Later, his in-laws and his wife's two brothers, Shiv Pal and Kailash, reached his house on Saturday and warned him of dire consequences if he assaulted Uma. Sarvesh, thereafter, went to attend his evening shift at the college. Realising that Sarvesh was upset, his father Ram Babu rushed to the college in order to talk to him. There, he found his body lying in a pool of blood,\" informed the investigating officer.A countrymade pistol and several cartridges were also found lying near the body, he added. Ram Babu informed the local police station about the incident and the police sent the body for autopsy.\"His colleagues informed us that Sarvesh always kept to himself and used to become upset over personal matters,\" said the officer. \"Investigations are on to ascertain the exact reason why he killed himself,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590167", "title": "Manhole woes brim over", "text": "Overflowing manholes are a huge problem in Bangalore. They can become not only sources of epidemics but also spread stench and sewer water all over the place.When they happen on busy roads like Church Street or in front of the main entrance of the M Chinnaswamy cricket stadium, passersby and motorists are forced to do some tightrope walking/driving to avoid getting splashed with the dirty water.The complaint box of the Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board (BWSSB) overflows with plaints about faulty sewers and manholes. Some 13,428 complaints related to overflowing manholes have been received by BWSSB since August 2010.The manhole woes are acute in the CBD areas. \"In Shivajinagar, the problem is not monsoon-centric . We face it in any given month of the year. A place like Commercial Street which is a premier shopping corridor of the city too suffers during monsoon. Some of the narrow lanes even lack proper drainage,\" said Muneer Pasha, a trader from Commercial Street.The narrow lanes of Jogpalya, Ulsoor market, Mission Road, Lalbagh Road, Chickpet, Avenue Road, Okalipuram and Anand Rao Circle are prone to overflowing manholes and BWSSB gets a chunk of its complaints from these areas.The BWSSB has about 1.5 lakh manholes in its network in the city. Once all the 68 new wards of the BBMP too are covered by the sewage network, one lakh more manholes will be added to BWSSB's responsibilities.Though citizens complained that the fault lies with improper design and construction work of sewer lines, BWSSB officials said the problem has more to do with citizen habits like dumping solid waste down the sewer lines which reach manholes and clog them. Hoteliers add to the BWSSB miseries by flushing hotel waste, sometimes spoons and plates too, into their sewer lines, jamming them and manholes , they point out.The BWSSB officials cited the example of Commercial Street where small cups and spoons from a prestigious eatery mysteriously find their way into sewage lines. Perhaps this could happen at the stage when vessels are washed, they add.They admitted that there are technical issues too as in Anand Rao Circle where sewage water flows with such force that the manholes overflow as a natural consequence.The officials said that roadside eateries which do business at night merely dump their waste into manholes . The same is the case with vegetable and flower vendors on City Market pavements, they added.Primitive PracticesManholes are also sites of other battles for the BWSSB. While the board faces flak whenever they overflow, it invites criticism the minute it gets down to the task of setting things right because of its crude practice of using men most of the times.The People's Union for Civil Liberties (PUCL) filed a PIL in 2009 questioning the practice of manual cleaning of manholes. In January, 2012, the Karnataka high court directed BWSSB to immediately stop manual cleaning, clearing, unblocking of underground drainage lines, pits, manholes and septic tanks. Last month, BWSSB purchased eight manhole clearing machines each costing Rs 7 lakh.Numbers say it allThe BWSSB's current sanitation network in the city has 1.5 lakh manholes. Once the 68 new wards of Greater Bangalore too are covered by the city's sanitation lines, one lakh more manholes more will be added to the BWSSB's network. In the month of February 2012 alone, the BWSSB received 298 complaints of manhole blockages, 493 cases of overflow and 57 cases of damages. Nineteen manhole covers were missing. These were part of 875 sanitary complaints received by the board during the month.Cleaning manholes is a regular exercise. In places like Shivajinagar, Chickpet and Church Street, the sanitary lines had been laid over 60 years ago and manholes there overflow sometimes. We do clean them as and when we get complaints. The problem of manholes in front of the KSCA entrance was resolved a week ago. We now have new machines to clean manholes.\"T Venkataraju | Chief Engineer, BWSSBThe problem lies with our drainage system itself and it is not done scientifically. The entire sanitation system is just not there and men are being used as manual scavengers. The high court has directed that machines must be used to clean the blockages and BWSSB must be prepared for monsoon. BWSSB might say that the machines have been purchased. But we must make sure that they are in working condition.\"Y J Rajendra | Vice-President , PUCL", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12587748", "title": "DF failed to deliver goods: Mungantiwar", "text": "BHANDARA: The Democratic Front (DF) government in Maharashtra has failed to deliver the goods and hence should be thrown out of power, said Sudhir Mungantiwar, state president of BJP here. He was addressing a workers' meeting on the eve of BJP foundation day.District BJP unit also laid a stone of the party office in the presence of Mungantiwar, MLA Nana Patole, former MP Shishupal Patle and other leaders.Mungantiwar said that corruption had spread in every field with a few people enjoying the fruits of power while the common man is facing a severe financial crisis.The report of the central government panel that the income of Rs 28 per day was sufficient for the sustenance of a common man was a mockery in view of the rising prices of almost all the commodities. Repeated demands of the BJP to cut the price of kerosene which the common man uses evoked no response from the government. He said BJP always stood by paddy growers and would pursue the matter in the state legislature. The issues of tribals, unemployed youth, minorities and others would also be taken up.India can become a super power by 2020 but the rulers were unable to lead the nation towards achieving the goal, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12590362", "title": "Housing societies most at risk from two-wheeler thieves", "text": "PUNE: Every day, as many as seven to eight two-wheelers are stolen in the city of which some three to four are from housing societies. This trend was revealed in a recent study by the city police, which immediately called for stringent security measures to be taken at housing societies to prevent such thefts.Other than this trend, the police said that two of the main findings were that such thefts happen mainly between 8pm and 8am and, usually, vehicles with the same key for ignition and handle lock are targeted.What could come as a relief to citizens is that due to increased patrolling, nakabandi, checking of vehicle documents in case of suspicion and others security measures, the overall thefts of two-wheelers have decreased. However, preventing such thefts from housing societies is turning out to be a major challenge.According to the statistics compiled by the Pune crime branch, 45% of vehicles stolen every year, since the last three to four years, were from housing societies, 29% from unauthorised parking lots and the rest from public places. Most of these thefts have taken place between 8 pm and 8 am. Interestingly, a particular brand of motorcycle is being targeted by the thieves more. Also, decrease in the use of scooters over the years and good locking systems have led to reduced instances of these vehicles being stolen.The vehicles most at risk are those that have a common key for ignition and the handle lock. Thieves usually keep tabs on the movement of vehicle owners and if a vehicle is parked at one place for too long, it is more at danger of being stolen.Additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde said, \"To reduce thefts, residential societies should appoint trained security guards and have closed circuit television cameras. They must ensure that vehicle owners install proper locking system in their vehicles.\"Senior police inspector Mohan Vidhate of crime branch (unit III), Pune, said that every day seven to eight two-wheelers are stolen from the city and, out of this, at least three to four are from the premises of housing societies.Vidhate said that bigger societies maintain registers of visitors entering their society by taking down their names and vehicle numbers. They also keep continuous tabs on the vehicles parked on the premises. \"We hold regular meetings with security agencies asking them to keep watch on strangers entering the society. Unfortunately, smaller societies are easy targets, since, in most cases, they are unable to take preventive measures and appoint guards. Even vehicle owners do not bother to put additional locks on their vehicles.\"Assistant commissioner of police Rajendrasinh Mohite (crime II) said, \"Thieves break the handle lock of two-wheelers in a fraction of a second. That is why a double-locking system is a must for two-wheelers. If citizens can have separate keys for ignition and handle locks, it would make stealing the vehicle difficult.\"STORY 2Pay-and-park schemes helped curb theftsPUNE: There were a lot of protests by citizens when the pay-and-park scheme was first introduced, but it gradually turned out to be one of the major reasons for curbing two-wheeler thefts in the city and cantonment areas said police officials.Incidentally, when the scheme first came into force in Pune, there was lot of opposition from the public over the issue of paying money for the safety of their vehicles.Assistant commissioner of police (cantonment division) Mohammad Makandar said, \"We hold regular meetings with pay-and-park contractors and their staffers. We have issued instructions to them to remain alert and match receipts to the vehicle numbers when people come to collect their two-wheelers.\"Makandar said, \"In order to ensure that our instructions are being adhered to, we make surprise inspections in parking areas where these schemes are being implemented. Earlier, vehicle thefts in pay-and-park areas like the Sassoon general hospital, Ruby Hall Clinic and Jehangir hospital were common place as the receipts furnished by the vehicle owners were not verified. But we have managed to check that too.\"Senior police inspector Sushama Chavan of the Cantonment police station, which first implemented the pay-and-park scheme on part of MG Road in 1997, said, \"It is the responsibility of the contractor to ensure that vehicles are not stolen. We have not received complaints of vehicle thefts for six months, since we are taking regular reviews whether police guidelines are being followed or not.\"Taking into account the number of vehicle theft cases reported in the city, the police have also established an anti-vehicle-theft squad to solve such cases. The squad screens criminals whose names are found on police records. The data of vehicles transported in parcels are collected from the government railway police, Pune, on a monthly basis to tally their registration numbers with that of the stolen vehicles.Three reasons why two-wheelers are at risk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590282", "title": "Kadva Patidar hostel to increase lodging capacity", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Kadva Patidar (KP) students' hostel at Gulbai Tekra is now gearing up to accommodate a total of 570 students from economically backward sections. The hostel which now accommodates 270 students will set up another building that can accommodate 300 more students. The new building will be operational from April next year.The new six-storey-tall hostel will be built at a cost of Rs 5 crore, donated by various alumni members. The major donors include a US-based business man, Babu K Patel who has donated Rs1.25 crore and a US-based kidney specialist, Raju Mavawala who donated Rs1 crore.Governor of Gujarat Dr Kamla, state urban development minister Nitin Patel, state cooperative and agriculture minister Dilip Sanghani and former minister and president of Umiya Mataji Mandir Sansthan Anil Patel will be present along with other dignitaries at the foundation ceremony of the new building on Monday. The event will also host an unveiling ceremony of a statue of Sardar Patel at the hostel campus.\"The hostel set up around eighty years back for Kadva Patidar students later became open to all students from the economically weaker sections. The location of the hostel and the facilities make it very convenient for students and there is a high demand for getting accommodations here. That is why we decided to build this new building to accommodate more students,\" said president of students' hostel Shankarlal Guru.Guru added that Sardar Patel used to live in the hostel around 1942. The statue has been erected to mark this memory and honour the freedom fighter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593825", "title": "TOEFL scholarships", "text": "ETS has announced the TOEFL scholarships for India. Ten scholarships will be awarded to Indian students for undergraduate or graduate studies in 2012 at a college or university listed in the TOEFL Destinations directory.Four scholarships worth US$ 10,000 will be awarded, one each, to students studying in a college/university in the UK, US, Australia and Canada.Six scholarships worth US$ 5,000 will be awarded to students studying in a college/university worldwide.According to ETS, the 2012 scholarships marks a 16% increase over the grants in 2011.The deadline for receipt of completed applications is April 13.For details, log on to http://www.ets.org/toefl/scholarships/overview/india", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12594525", "title": "Preeti Jain rape case: Supreme Court grants relief to Madhur Bhandarkar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has granted relief to film maker Madhur Bhandarkar in the Preeti Jain rape case.The apex court has stayed proceedings against Bhandarkar and has issued notice to Preeti Jain.Earlier a lower court had asked Bhandarkar to face trial in the case.Reacting to the apex court order, Bhandarkar expressed happiness and relief. He said he was delighted and speechless.Eight years of my life has been ruined due to this case, he said reacting to the verdict.Preeti Jain, meanwhile, said after the court order that she will continue with her fight for justice.In July 2004, Preeti had lodged a complaint with the Versova Police against Madhur alleging he had raped her 16 times between 1999 and 2004 under the pretext of casting her as actress in his films. Madhur insists the complaint was of \"cheating\" and did not mention rape.In a statement issued then, Preeti had said, \"We had sex 16 times and Madhur made promises of giving me a lead role in his films. However, he didn`t offer me a lead role in any of his movies. At times when I refused, he raped me.\"Drama unfolded when Preeti was arrested in 2005 for hiring a contract killer to murder Bhadarkar.In January 2006, police requested the court to dismiss the case against Bhandarkar as they had found Preeti`s allegations to be false.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12589040", "title": "Small builders exempted from occupancy certificate", "text": "HYDERABAD: Occupancy certificate will not be mandatory for buildings which come up on plots up to 100 square metres with height up to seven metres. The exemption is given to small builders as occupancy certificate (OC) is directly linked to electricity and water connections.The amendments were incorporated in the new GO on Building Rules issued by the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department on Saturday.Also, civic bodies like Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), which releases building permissions, should communicate the approval or refusal of occupancy certificate within 15 days. If any officer fails to communicate, the civic body could initiate action against the officer. The GO said occupancy certificate might be issued to owners after collecting compounding fees, if there are any minor violations and deviations from the sanctioned plan.For high-rise buildings, the OC should be released by the civic body after inspection and getting fire 'No Objection Certificate' from the AP State Disaster Response and Fire Services department. Until now, the town planning wing used to give OC without fire NOC. Two buildings where fire accidents were reported recently found to be having OC sans fire NOC.The MA&UD; department has also prepared a pro forma for commencement notice, completion notice and occupancy certificate by giving more clarity. The pro forma have been prepared so that a civic body could also receive them online.Environmental impact assessment provisions have also been incorporated in the new buildings rules. As per the GO, buildings and construction projects that come up in 20,000 sq metres area and 1,50,000 sq metres of built up area and township areas development projects covering an area of 50 hectares and or building up areas of above 1,50,000 sq metres should get environmental impact assessment.Director of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) B Purushottam Reddy said awareness programmes and meetings would be conducted across the state soon for licenced architects, town planning staff on changes in the buildings rules, especially on setbacks and road widths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590419", "title": "Four-day Uttarakhand mahotsav concludes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The four-day long Uttarakhand mahotsav organised by the Kumaon Parishad concluded on Sunday. The event held at Mini Stadium, Vikas Nagar was inaugurated by Vijay Bahuguna , chief minister of Uttarakhand, along with UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi. The latest edition of 'Uttarakhand Darpan' was released during the four-day long event.Chholiya dance of Uttarakhand was the main attraction of the festival. Artistes in dressed in traditional attires used instruments like turahi, ransing, damuva, nagara etc to entertain the guests. The mahotsav also had stalls of artificial jewellery, food items, and various games. However, it was the sweet stall, which attracted the highest number of visitors. Another highlight was the special choreography by Saroj Khan dance school on Kumaoni and Garhwali folk songs.Competitions in art, general knowledge and mathematics were also organised. President of Kumaon Parishad Mohan Singh Bisht thanked all on this occasion. Also making their presence felt at the event were Padmashri Dr MC Pant, organiser Bhawan Singh Rawat, Rajendra Singh Bisht, general secretary VD Dalakoti and others.Chamoli-Pauda dance, Pauri-Kedar dance, and Jonsara-Harul dance were also performed by a team from the cultural department of Uttarakhand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12589046", "title": "Bypolls: Congress leaders launch attack on Jagan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bracing itself for a tough battle in the ensuing byelections to 18 assembly constituencies, the Congress on Sunday stepped up the attack on Kadapa MP Y S Jaganmohan Reddy, who has been critical of the state government.Dismissing Jagan's reported criticism that the Congress would try to lure voters with money in the bypolls, primary education minister S Sailajanath alleged that if anyone had the \"biggest money bag\" it is the YSR Congress party leader.Revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy alleged that Jagan was attacking Congress because it did not make him chief minister.Another minister T G Venkatesh claimed that \"a vote for Jagan means a vote for division of the state\" as he appeared to have an understanding with separatist Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS). The criticism against Jagan came in the wake of Congress's efforts in right earnest to put up an impressive show in the bypolls. The party's central leadership has reportedly gave directive to the state leaders in this regard.Chief Minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana held meetings with party MPs, MLAs and other leaders on Saturday to discuss preparations for the hustings. Congress MP Sarve Satyanarayana and MLA G Veera Siva Reddy on Saturday trained their guns on even the late chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy. \"You cannot see YSR and Jagan separately,\" the MP said.Meanwhile, YSR Congress said the \"policy decision taken by Congress not to spare YSR on corruption charges and attacking Jaganmohan Reddy and his father with equal measure will spell doom to the ruling party\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12590323", "title": "13 test positive for swine flu", "text": "PUNE: As many as 13 people - 12 from Pune and one from Pimpri Chinchwad - tested positive for swine flu on Sunday while conditions of three critically ill swine flu patients remained unchanged.State epidemiologist Pradip Awate, however, maintained there was no reason to panic, saying one or two cases would continue to emerge periodically.Experts said the virus transmission would go down with the rise in temperature. \"The prolonged winter has come to an end and the summer heat is all here. The transmission of the swine flu virus will go down with the rise in mercury,\" Awate said.The state's death toll has gone up to 15 with two casualties reported in Nashik in the last few days.Pune district has, so far, accounted for the highest number of deaths (13), eight in Pune and five in Pimpri Chinchwad.Maharashtra reported 312 swine flu cases between April 2011 and March 31, 2012. Pune district alone accounts for 294 cases. Barring 23 positive patients detected sporadically between April 2011 and February 2012, 271 cases were reported in Pune district in March.On March 14, Kanta Sarode (48) succumbed to the H1N1 infection and became the first swine flu victim in Pune district since April 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587304", "title": "Lalu seeks CBI probe into 'financial mess'", "text": "PATNA: RJD chief Lalu Prasad has lambasted the state government over the CAG report highlighting financial irregularities under the Nitish-led NDA government and demanded a CBI probe into the matter if chief minister Nitish Kumar wanted to clear his name.\"There is financial chaos in the state, but it is unfortunate that without realizing the seriousness of the issue some ministers are taking the stand that the Public Accounts Committee of the state assembly is seized of the matter and there is no need for a CBI inquiry. At the Centre, a minister and a few MPs were jailed on the basis of the CAG report on the 2G spectrum allocation issue, even though PAC had not taken up the matter,\" Lalu told the media here on Saturday.Talking about the controversy over the movement of two units of the Army towards Delhi, Lalu said that it was an unnecessary controversy generated by media. \"India is a great democracy and it can't have a situation like Pakistan ,\" he said and added there were no differences between the Army and the government.He categorically denied that he had apologized to Swami Ramdev over telephone for his remark against the Yoga guru. \"Why should I apologize?\" Lalu said and added he had spoken to Ramdev just to invite him for his daughter's marriage solemnized in March last. He had no inclination to join Ramdev's movement which, he claimed, had already derailed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12587643", "title": "Govt plans action against illegal colleges", "text": "NAGPUR: In view of mushrooming of colleges offering a host of professional courses, the state government has decided a plan of action to prevent open loot of students and their parents. Both pre-emptive and remedial measures have been drawn up. The state government is presently concentrating on courses offered for higher and technical education, agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy development and fisheries.The first rule is that any college desirous to offer engineering, technical or professional courses should have an affiliation with the authority concerned, like AICTE, Indian Science Congress, state government, etc.The government will appoint senior officials of various departments as the competent authority to monitor the new colleges and courses and take action against them if required. The officer will also ensure that no institute starts a new course without the permission from the competent authority. If the authority finds anything irregular in the college or a course, he will have to give in writing to the college authorities why their institute/course has been declared as illegal.The joint secretary or deputy secretary of the department concerned will be appointed as the appellate authority by the government. Persons found guilty of running illegal institutes or courses can face an imprisonment up to one year or a fine of between one and five lakh rupees.The government has also decided that if an institute wants to run a centre offering courses affiliated to an open university outside the state, then it will have to take permission from it. Such institutes, which mislead people by advertising wrong facts, will be fined.The government has prepared guidelines for all types of educational institutes regarding advertising of their courses. The advertisements should present a clear picture to parents and students. If any such institute is found guilty of violating these norms then it can be fined between Rs 50,000 and Rs 2 lakh.The colleges will also have to make available to public all the details pertaining to the courses so that there is transparency between them and students. The colleges must also make it clear that if it is offering a course that is not affiliated to any body then the same should be clearly mentioned in the advertisements and brochures.The government has been forced to take this step because hundreds of educational institutes have fleeced lakhs of students by making completely misleading claims about their colleges and courses. In most cases, the students completing such courses do not get jobs that match their qualifications. That is why many MBAs seek job as clerks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12592570", "title": "Not making film based on Divya Bharti: Sandhu", "text": "First time director-producer Vikram Sandhu says his debut movie 'Dream' is not inspired by the life of late Bollywood actress Divya Bharti, who died at the young age of 19.There was a buzz that Sandhu is making a biopic on the life and circumstances revolving around the tragic death of the 90s star. \"I am not directly saying that I am making a film on Divya Bharti. It is about a young actress who came in the film industry...she was here for some time, created stir, achieved fame, won everyone's heart,\" Sandhu told PTI.\"There are lots of things that happen in the life of a heroine. My film is based on a young girl who becomes star overnight and her journey in filmdom. It is not based on anyone. I have created a fictitious character,\" he said. Ask him if the heroine of her film, dies in the end, Sandhu says, \"I will show that in film, I don't want to disclose anything now.\"Though Sandhu refrained from saying that his film is based on the life of Divya, but it seems it is aptly about her. Divya started her career in the film industry, with a Telugu film -- Bobbili Raja (1990).After several hit films down South, Divya entered Bollywood with Vishwatma (1992). This film did well at the box office and also her performance in the song Saat Samundar Paar won accolades. She appeared in a dozen films between 1992 and 1993, giving several hits like Shola Aur Shabnam, Jaan Se Pyaara, Deewana, Balwaan and others.Her career was cut short by her death in April 1993, when she fell from her apartment building, under mysterious circumstances. The investigation into the circumstances of her death was closed in 1998. The film would be made under the banner of Angel Film Creatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588117", "title": "Fewer queries mark IIT-JEE", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time, students who took the joint entrance examination for the Indian Institutes of Technology were allowed to take a copy of the optical mark recognition (OMR) answersheets home, to verify their solutions with the answer key.Moreover, most aspirants who stepped out of exam centres in the city claimed that the paper was not very tough.With fewer questions, students had enough time to solve the paper. Aspirants claimed that there was a slight deviation from the usual paper pattern in both papers, however, paper-II was tougher than paper-I.Around 5.06 lakh students appeared for IIT-JEE across the country on Sunday for admissions to 9,600 coveted seats in the IITs.\"Usually, each section carries 240 marks. This year, paper-I (210 marks) had fewer questions. The organizers did away with questions based on passages in paper-I. Most questions were directly from the NCERT syllabus,\" said Yash Sultania, student of Podar school.Moreover, the students were relieved after finding that there were fewer questions in paper-II. Shantanu Tawte, from Nalanda School in Kota, who took the exam from a centre in Mumbai, claimed that the second section was tougher than the first. \"There were three paragraph-based questions in the second paper, which was easier to solve. There were also fewer questions with negative marking. Paper-II was tougher than paper-I,\" said Tawte.Moreover, experts from coaching institutes claimed that paper-II was tougher than paper-I.\"There were some structural changes in the papers as compared to the last two editions of the exam. The question sets were well balanced with more emphasis on conceptual questions as opposed to questions requiring extremely lengthy solving,\" said Praveen Tyagi, owner of a coaching institute.\"The entrance test need not stick to any fixed total of questions. However, the questions were fewer than any year because we believed that students should be able to attempt all the questions rather than skip some,\" said JEE chairman GB Reddy.\"All type of questions were covered and there were only 20 problems in each section of the paper. Moreover, the test is not about the number of questions and score obtained but a student's aptitude.\" Reddy added that the exam was conducted smoothly in most centres across the country.Archies Vaze, student of Dyanprabodhini School, had come from Pune to Kendriya Vidyalaya at IIT-B. Vaze who was accompanied by his parents, claimed that he had two options for choosing the centre, and Mumbai was his second choice. \"There were fewer centres in Pune this year, which is why I may have been allotted a centre in Mumbai,\" he said.IIT-B JEE chairman Avinash Mahajan said the number of centres in Pune were reduced from 11 to nine this year as there was a corresponding increase in centres at other places.\"We had a centre in Kolhapur, Solapur and two in Akola. Moreover, Nagpur is a major city and we had 12 centres,\" said Mahajan. \"The exam was conducted smoothly across the Mumbai zone,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12594995", "title": "Imran Khan trains guns on Zardari, Bilwal", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The sudden visit of President Asif Ali Zardari and his son Bilawal to India has invited ire from their political opponents in Pakistan with cricketer-turned- politician Imran Khan questioning the timing of the tour, when the country was faced with a tragedy of the 135 soldiers missing in avalanche in Siachen glacier.Hoping to ride to political power in Pakistan on the gathering anti-establishment fervour, Imran Khan trained his guns particularly on ruling PPP's emerging leader Bilawal Bhutto, alleging that the 23-year-old leader had no pulse of the people of the country.Taking a dig at Bilawal, who is considered a rising political star of the Bhutto family, Imran said, people \"will not forgive leaders who have no respect for the nation and its institutions\".He charged that Zardari and his son did not know \"how to stand by state\".\"Bilawal has no knowledge of the difficulties faced by the people of Pakistan and cannot even speak proper Urdu.\"In an apparent attack on the family roots of such leaders Khan said, his party would elect its leadership from ordinary citizens instead of rewarding people simply because they were members of families that had enjoyed power for long.In this regard, he named the Bhutto family that has led the PPP and the Sharifs, who lead the main opposition PML-N.Some media commentators questioned Zardari's decision to go ahead with his private visit to India a day after an avalanche hit a battalion headquarters of the Pakistan Army in the Siachen sector.Rescue teams have so far found no signs of survivors. The 135 people were buried under up to 80 feet of snow when the avalanche slammed into the camp at Gyari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589172", "title": "Exam stress, failed love drive students to suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: Non-governmental organisations working to prevent suicides in the city are preparing to be inundated with calls over the next three months, when summer peaks and there is an ominous increase in the number of people, especially students, who end their lives.City-based NGO Sneha received most calls in April, May and June last year. The number of calls went up by three to four times the average. \"We received 26 calls in April, 99 in May and 52 in June. We usually get around 15 calls a month from students,\" said Sneha founder and doctor Lakshmi Vijayakumar.Students in the city seem to be failing to cope with examination stress or failure in relationships. \"The problem is when you peg self-esteem on one aspect of life. When you fail in that aspect, there seem to be no other choice,\" Vijayakumar said.Tamil Nadu has the highest number of suicides in the country, accounting for 12.3% of all suicide deaths in the country, according to data from the National Crime Records Bureau. A total of 240 people in the state committed suicide due to academic failure in 2011, with almost 10% of the cases in Chennai. In the same year, there were 588 deaths due to failure in love. Of these, 61 were reported in Chennai.Three students of Indian Institute of Technology , Madras committed suicide in 2011. Kuldeep Yadav, the student who ended his life on Sunday, was the sixth IIT-M student to commit suicide since October 2008.Nitin Kumar Reddy hanged himself in May 2011 and V Anoop committed suicide in February 24. According to their classmates at IIT-M, they were under academic pressure, with both their theses being overdue by at least six months. \"Incidentally, both of them were under the same professor who gave them both extensions to finish their theses,\" said a student who did not want to be named.Sneha's Vijayakumar said there are several factors that lead to extreme academic pressure in the IITs. \"One is a ranking system which shows performance relative to others and the other is the autonomous nature of the system. There is very minimal external evaluation and if a student gets into the bad books of a professor, things can get very bad,\" she said.Yadav's suicide will only be added to the statistics as there is no real support system in the city. Madras Christian College in Tambaram has found a way to curb suicides on campus. \"All the fans have been removed in the hostels to prevent suicides by hanging. All the students now have air coolers,\" a former student said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12590725", "title": "Parrikar adds 6 ministers to his cabinet", "text": "PANAJI: One month after assuming office, Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar on Sunday expanded his council of ministers by inducting six new ministers in the presence of a large gathering, making it a 11-member state cabinet. One cabinet berth has been kept vacant.Goa governor K Sankarnarayanan administered the Oath of office and Secrecy to Shiroda MLA Mahadev Naik, Mormugao MLA Milind Naik, Canacona MLA Ramesh Tawadkar, Saligao MLA Dilip Parulekar, Priol MLA Pandurang 'Deepak' Dhavlikar and Independent MLA Avertano Furtado, at a simple function at Raj Bhavan.While Mahadev, Milind, Ramesh, Dilip, Deepak took the oath in Marathi, Furtado took oath in English.All six MLAs have been sworn in as first time ministers. Tawadkar had won two Assembly and one by-election from Poinguinim and Canacona whereas Mahadev, Milind, Dilip and Deepak had won two consecutive Assembly elections and Avertano has been elected first time as a member to the state legislative assembly.\"We have given cabinet berth to those MLAs, who had won more than two times, except in the case of Avertano,\" Parrikar told media at the function.The portfolios of the new ministers are yet to be announced. Parrikar said that the portfolios will be allotted on Tuesday.From P1\"I delayed cabinet expansion because I thought of first streamlining the departments prior to allotment of portfolios to the new ministers as they are all new,\" Parrikar said.\"The new ministers will be given first two departments each. Once they get grip of their ministries, a third department will be allotted to them\" he said adding normally in Goa, ministers are given charge of three portfolios each. Parrikar is expected to handout the charge of a third department to the new ministers by the end of the month.Parrikar also said that ministers who were inducted into the cabinet along with him last month will be given charge of a third department on Tuesday. They all have currently been given responsibilities of two portfolios.Alina Saldanha, widow of former tourism minister late Matanhy Saldanha, is a strong contender for the cabinet berth left vacant.\"After the one month mass of Matanhy, on April 20, we will conveniently discuss (regarding contesting the election and giving a cabinet berth) about Alina. The discussion may happen any day between April 21 and 23. A decision will be taken then,\" Parrikar said.Archbishop of Goa and Daman and Diu Filipe Neri Ferrao was among those present at the swearing in ceremony. St Andre BJP MLA Vishnu Surya Wagh did not attended the swearing in ceremony.Earlier, on March 9, six ministers including Parrikar were sworn in. One minister, Matanhy Saldanha, who was given Science, Environment and Forest portfolio died following a massive cardiac arrest. Mapusa MLA Francisco D' Souza, Mandrem MLA Laxmikant Parsekar, Marcaim MLA Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavlikar and Siolim MLA Dayanand Mandrekar were also sworn in as a ministers in the first exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "guess what's keeping prosenjit chatterjee busy these days? the actor has been shooting back-to-back song and dance sequences for rajib's \" bikram singha", "code": "12592952", "title": "Prosenjit to shake a leg", "text": "Guess what's keeping Prosenjit Chatterjee busy these days? The actor has been shooting back-to-back song and dance sequences for Rajib's \" Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back\".Said the actor, in between shots, \"After shooting two romantic songs with Baba Yadav in Jordan , I shot an item song with Mahek Chahal. Then I flew to Mumbai to shoot the intro song with the legendary Chinni Prakash and right after that, I'm shooting this marriage sequence song with D Shankaraiah. This song is sung by Kumar Sanu and, like the rest of the songs in the film, have a retro feel to it.\"The song takes place in the backdrop of a marriage sequence and shows how Gupi (Prosenjit) falls in love with the girl (Richa). \"There is a lot of acting involved in this song as Gupi's friend wants to steal the necklace but Gupi won't allow as he is in love with the girl,\" said Prosenjit.So, how is it to work with D Shankaraiah as a choreographer, we asked Prosenjit. \"I worked with him years back when he was assisting Chinni Prakashji. But as a dance master, this is the first time. I like the fact that he's very methodical. He wanted me to be part of \" Khokababu\" but sadly, I couldn't. He choreographed the song keeping the flavour intact and the steps are extremely easy. The best part is, everyone will be able to relate to it,\" smiled Prosenjit, while discussing work with director Sudeshna Roy, who had come to meet him on the sets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590984", "title": "Personalize learning", "text": "How is the education landscape in India changing with the advent of technology?I'd classify the changes into two broad categories: changes before and after the mobile phone.Before mobile: Technology transformed the education delivery inside and outside classrooms in the following two ways:1. Interactive delivery of education inside the classroom through information and communication technology (ICT) 2. Remote delivery of education through VSAT (virtual classrooms, etc) to rural areasAfter mobile: Proliferation of mobile devices (phones and tablets) will revolutionise the education landscape. It will shift the focus from delivery to experience.Can you elaborate on the tablet launched last week in partnership? What are the benefits?The benefit or USP of the Funbook (a seven-inch Android tablet), launched by Micromax is that it combines fun and learning - both of which can be consumed while on the go, at an affordable price. There is a network of partners who bring the fun and learning experience to this device. The key differentiator for this tablet is the ecosystem that it comes bundled with, including a smart education platform which offers access to quality content.How will technological innovations like the tablet make learning more effective?Learning has to be personalised. When the content is offered in a way that the learner would like, on a device of his/her choice, the experience becomes personalised. Tablets are a great medium for offering an interactive and compelling learning experience. In addition, the ecosystem on the tablet offers valuable insights about the learner's learning abilities and the efficacy of the content which gives us (service providers) an opportunity to continuously refine the learning process to make it more effective. We will soon start to see tablets become the primary learning devices.In India's context, which is the key area for growth vis-a-vis technology in education - elementary, primary, secondary or higher?Trends indicate that growth will be across all segments. In K-12 segment, we will start to see a consistent learning experience offered in schools regardless of the geography. Distance education will go through a major transformation in making quality content and services available remotely. Vocational training will increasingly become more accessible and affordable. There will be a lot more emphasis on analytics across all these segments.Can technology make education more accessible and/or affordable?Yes it can. It has already been proven across the world and in India that technology is the driver to make education accessible and affordable. There are many organisations that are working towards making education far more accessible and affordable for India too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589088", "title": "After stir, jewellers bank on Akshaya Tritiya", "text": "CHENNAI: Shoppers were back in T Nagar this weekend two days after jewellers called off a nationwide strike against an increase in import duty on gold, but traders say business lacks sparkle.In December, clothing stores were closed for ---- after the corporation sealed structures that violated building norms. Business had just about returned to normal, when jewelers went on a three-week strike protesting against announcements in the new Budget.On Easter Sunday, the first weekend after jewellery stores re-opened, T Nagar was packed with pedestrians and vehicles. A middle-aged woman was deep in discussion with her daughter over a large bauble. \"I am relieved the strike has been lifted. My daughter just got engaged, and for the last three weeks we were worried that we would not be able to shop for her jewellery. We were considering approaching private jewellers or designers. Now we more designs and options,\" said Nafeeda Habeed, a shopper from Purusawalkam.Jewellery store managers and owners said the turnout was encouraging. \"The salespeople and customers are cheerful. We are seeing a 50% increase in sales and number of customers compared to the period before the strike. It's a good sign especially since booking for Akshaya Tritiya has begun,\" said LKS Syed Ahamed, chairman, LKS Gold House, and chief advisor, Tamil Nadu Jewellers' Federation.They expect business to improve in the coming weeks. \"We think the news of the shops re-opening hasn't reached everybody yet. Once it does, we are sure more people will come to shop and sales will improve,\" said K Surendranath, senior manager, marketing, OK Jewellery.Even auto drivers and hawkers are hoping Akshaya Tritiya will improve their fortunes. \"The crowds have reduced due to the sealing of clothes stores in December followed by the recent jewellers' strike. I used to make Rs 500 a day. Today, I doubt if I will touch Rs 200,\" said a Shekhar Ganesan, who runs a samosa stall in front of a popular jewellery store on South Usman Road. Auto drivers too say they have seen better days.\"Last summer, I would get about 20 trips a day from Ranganathan street, but now it's a struggle to reach that number. I am looking forward to the Akshaya Tritiya rush,\" said R Shenbagam, an auto driver.People expecting a slightly relaxed shopping experience, had their hopes dashed even before they reached. \"This is the second time I am driving around Panagal Park looking for parking. I think I'll have to parking my car far away and take an auto to this place,\" said J Kannan, who had come with his family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588795", "title": "Manmohan Singh offers help to rescue avalanche hit Pakistan soldiers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Meeting a day after an avalanche in Siachen glacier buried over 130 Pakistani soldiers, PM Manmohan Singh offered humanitarian assistance to Pakistan to extricate the soldiers from the snow.Briefing journalists, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said Pakistani President Asif Zardari appreciated the offer and said they would seek assistance if needed.Meanwhile, reports from Pakistan said rescuers resumed their desperate search after suspending the operation late on Saturday night because of darkness and poor weather, though there were no signs of survivors a day after the avalanche hit the camp. Military officials told the media that there was no information on survivors.Army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani flew to Skardu to review the rescue operation. Heavy machinery was airlifted from the garrison city of Rawalpindi for the rescue effort, officials said.The avalanche hit a battalion headquarters at Gyari in the Siachen sector, burying 124 security personnel and 11 civilians under up to 80 feet of snow in an area a kilometre wide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12588500", "title": "2 Libyan nationals held for creating ruckus on MG Road", "text": "GURGAON: Two Libyan nationals, who were allegedly part of the rebel army that killed Gaddafi, were arrested early on Sunday morning for quarrelling and disturbing peace on \"mall mile\".The Libyan nationals, who are around 25-26 years old, were identified as Mahmood and Farz, natives of Alborobo in Benghazi , Libya . \"The duo were heavily drunk and quarrelling with each other when they were arrested around 2am on Sunday. They were produced in a city court and sent to judicial custody,\" said investigative officer Krishan Kumar.A senior police officer said that late on Saturday night, the two Libyan nationals had gone to a pub in the MGF Metropolitan mall where they were denied entry. Later, they went to another bar and tried to enter the premises forcefully after being asked for their IDs by the guard. After the guard threw them out, they started fighting with each other on MG Road, said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12592852", "title": "Swastika, Parno out of Agnidev\u2019s next film", "text": "Swastika Mukherjee and Parno Mittra were supposed to play an IPS officer and a rape victim, respectively, in Agnidev Chatterjee's untitled next. But now no longer.Says Swastika, \"I went through the references that Agnidev had sent about the film but I'm apprehensive about the focus and the selling point of the venture. Somehow, I thought this was a story of the rape victim and how people fight for and against justice. But later, it turned out that the film was about other issues like extramarital affairs and lesbianism.\"Swastika also felt that her role was more of the 'proverbial other woman' than of a justice-seeking IPS officer. \"It's not that Agnidev never told me about the lesbian angle, but I thought it would be just a small add-on in the film and not the only selling point of the project. There happened to be discrepancies between the intent of the film in terms of the references Agnidev had sent me and what it actually wants to project. Apart from that, lack of a tight script fails to inspire my confidence or excitement to take up the role. Since the pre-production is at a preliminary stage, I thought of letting him know,\" she says.Parno, on her part, says, \"Yes, I am not part of Agnidev's film and for now, I'd like to keep the reasons to myself.\"When we asked Agnidev about these rejections, this is what he tells us: \"I have no clue why Swastika is not doing the film. Nevertheless, we are getting a Mumbai-based star to replace her. As far as Parno is concerned, on meeting her personally and having interacted, I chose not to work with her. This is purely based on professional and not personal judgement. We are in the process of restructuring the story and screenplay of the film, details of which I would not disclose now. It goes on the floors on Poila Baishak.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595980", "title": "Just Math Mathalli dubbed in Tamil", "text": "It is a double bonanza for Kannada star Sudeep who has a release coming up in two other southern film industries. His much-hyped bilingual - an animation film Eega that will see a simultaneous release in both Telugu and Tamil.The film has been generating a lot of curiosity from people across industries and is scheduled for an April release.The actor is also excited about the latest development in his career.The fact that his directorial hit Kannada film Just Math Mathalli - which also starred Kannada actress Ramya, has been dubbed in Tamil. \"I was happy to hear that the film got dubbed in Tamil too. It is a sweet story that did well in Kannada. It would be great to see how another set of audience reacts to it,\" says the actor. While there is no release date for Just Math Mathalli as yet, Sudeep says, \"It would be fabulous if the film is dubbed in all the other southern languages.\"Sudeep has previously been seen in Bollywood films like Phoonk, Rann and the bilingual Raktha Charitra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12591465", "title": "Punjab gets powershock from Himachal Pradesh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Union ministry of power has sought details from Bhakra Beas Management Board to work out the arrears that Punjab government owes to Himachal Pradesh for its share of 7.19 % in power generation at all projects of BBMB. The cash-strapped Punjab government is working out strategies to dispute Himachal Pradesh's claims of Rs 4,000 crore.A panel comprising officials from the Central Electricity Authority, the ministry of power and the BBMB are holding meetings to prepare a report on how much is actually due to Himachal Pradesh government by Punjab government. The latter has vehemently disputed claims of Rs 4,000 crore projected by the Himachal Pradesh in the Supreme Court. The report being prepared, said sources in the BBMB, will be submitted to the apex court.\"The BBMB is not directly in the picture but is only providing figures and statistics to the ministry of power about the total energy generated, cost of projects, escalation costs,\" said an official of BBMB.The matter has become a reason of concern for Punjab's already precariously placed financial position, especially with the Supreme Court's intervention. The state government is mulling to take a loan of nearly Rs 9,000 crore during the financial year 2012-13, to run its business.Sources in the finance department revealed that the Punjab government is paying Rs 7,000 crore every year as interest on the staggering debt of Rs 85,000 crore. The bills pending with the government, as of now, total up to over Rs 1,000 crore. The state needs another Rs 6,000 crore to settle energy bills of free power promised to the farmers and the poor.And if the SAD-BJP government has to fulfill its election promise to employees, of giving 30% of money due as per Fifth Pay Commission, then another Rs 1,500 crore are required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "12591507", "title": "Refused cheating in exam, youths kill teacher", "text": "SONIPAT: In a bizarre incident, a teacher succumbed to his injuries on Sunday after two youths ploughed their car into him on Saturday evening when he refused to allow their friend to cheat in the matriculation examinations of Haryana Open School, near Lahrada village of the district.Mukesh Kumar, 38, a resident of Harsana Kalan village, who is a teacher in Ramjas Public School in Sonipat, died at Jaipur Golden Hospital in Delhi. The accused, who are yet to be arrested, have been identified as Vikram,30, of Harsana Kalan village and Hariom,26, of Bindroli village.The investigating officer, assistant sub-inspector Naresh Gautam, said that the teacher was on way back home on his motorcycle when he was stopped by the youths near Lahrada village.\"When the teacher refused to oblige, the infuriated duo ran their car over him twice and fled. Some villagers from nearby fields rushed to his help and took him to the hospital. Kumar has given a statement before his death and identified the accused,\" the investigation officer stated.The Haryana education board figures on students caught cheating have revealed that the state has earned notoriety with regard to use of unfair means in exams.A large number of copying cases had been detected in the recently concluded 10th and 10+2 examinations of regular students.As many as 2,447 candidates were booked for using unfair means and 20 teachers were relieved from examination duty during the semester examinations of Board of School Education, Haryana, which concluded on April 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12589560", "title": "Team Mangalore off to Italy, South Korea", "text": "MANGALORE: Team Mangalore, a city-based hobby group of kite flyers has been officially invited to Art Evento International Kite Festival being held at Cervia, Italy, from April 21 to May 2.This is one of the most prestigious kite festivals in the world and is organised by Claudio Capelli, renowned Italian artist. Sarvesh Rao, Nitin Shetty, Dinesh Holla and Prashanth Upadhyaya will participate in this mega event.This kite festival will showcase some of the best kites flown by flyers of international fame around the world.Apart from the festival, this event will also showcase talents of artists of the world. Since this event provides space for demonstration of creative art talent - Dinesh, artist of Team Mangalore will be participating in the art event and draw on the spot line art sketches and paintings for the Italians hosts.Prashanth will perform live Yakshagana show as part of cultural programme. The best kite teams from 38 countries around the world are invited to participate in this event. Team Mangalore will be special invitee to this festival and has the honour to represent India in this prestigious event, Sarvesh Rao, chief coordinator of Team Mangalore stated in a press release issued here on Sunday.The team has also been officially invited to Uiseong International Kite Festival to be held from April 11 to 17 at Uiseong, South Korea. This event is being organised by Kitai Rhee, president, Korean Kite Flyers Association.A team of four - Giridhar Kamath, Subhash Pai, Vasanth Kumar Sanil and Janardhan Rao will participate in this event. Kite teams from 21 countries have been invited to participate in this event.Team Mangalore has the honour of representing India in this prestigious event for the second time.The team will also present live Yakshagana demonstration at the festival venue, Sarvesh Rao stated.The team is going to showcase their variety of kites which include Kathakkali, the largest kite in India and also various other kites such as yakshagana, Durga, Charlie, Owl, Gajaraja, Pushpakavimana, Bird, Bat Series, Bharathanatyam, Avatar Bird etc. in both the events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589235", "title": "Congress leaders sing in chorus, cadre hopeful", "text": "CHENNAI: The feud-ridden Tamil Nadu Congress Committee (TNCC) is seeing a makeover. On Saturday, when the factional leaders shared public platform in Trichy, Union minister P Chidambaram hijacked the Tamil plank of the major Dravidian parties besides presenting a perfect picture of unity among its once warring leaders. \"India will make every effort to persuade countries like Russia , Pakistan , Mauritius , China and Saudi Arabia , which voted against the resolution, to support the cause of Lankan Tamils,\" Chidambaram said.This was the second time in two months the leaders were sharing a stage. Earlier, the TNCC organized a public meeting in Tirunelveli to advocate the quick commissioning of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project. All the senior state Congress leaders, including some former party presidents, participated.After B S Gnanadesikan took charge as TNCC president in November 2011, the party organized a meeting in Chennai in which all the central ministers from Tamil Nadu, all 10 party MPs and former TNCC presidents had been present on stages. The leaders spoke in one voice on the Mullaperiyar Dam issue and the Kudankulam project at the meeting.After the big blow in the 2011 assembly and civic polls, the Tamil Nadu Congress is determined to make a comeback in the state and even make a bid to recapture power. Various influential leaders in the party, including Chidambaram, Union ministers G K Vasan and Jayanthi Natarajan and former Union minister E V K S Elangovan have also been meeting party workers together to boost cadre morale and get them to rebuild the state unit.\"When the UNHRC resolution against Sri Lanka was mooted by the US, all our MPs from here met PM Manmohan Singh and demanded that India vote against Sri Lanka,\" said Gnanadesikan. To express their solidarity on the Lankan Tamil issue, Congress has decided to send five MPs from Tamil Nadu to Sri Lanka as part of the Indian delegation's visit there, he said.He also pointed out that the party has been working hard to keep up the enthusiasm of the cadres. \"The unity displayed by our leaders has created new hope for our cadres. This unity we are seeing after 15 years. We will continue to focus on regional issues,\" said the TNCC chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593362", "title": "Infinite opportunities", "text": "Elisabeth Knust, DFG vice-president,director of the Max Planck Institute for Molecular Biology in Dresden,talks to Narayani Ganesh on new research opportunities for Germany and IndiaQ- Could you tell us what exactly is it that you are looking for in India?The main focus of Infinite Opportunities initiative is to present Germany as a country that welcomes foreigners and specifically Indian researchers to Germany.However,probably there are still some impressions of Germany that need to be corrected as more and more people come to Germany from India.We would also like to explain what the DFG is all about.Q- What kind of correction?First, reservations of prospective researchers who plan to come to Germany,followed by the language issue that is still a major problem that Indian students face when they go to Germany as they cannot understand what people there are talking about. However, in terms of scientific standards, there is no difference between going to the US or to Germany to do a post-doctoral research. I tell my students,who are looking for post-doctoral opportunities abroad, that all they are looking for is available in abundance in Germany.Q- As far as the Indo-German International Research Training Group (IRTG) projects are concerned, what is it that you are looking for?A lot of opportunities exist and this fact should be made public more and more scientists should be aware of what is available so that they can make an informed choice. International Research Training Group (IRTG) is only one of the many initiatives that are available as part of the Indo-German synergetic co-operation in higher research.Q- Are you looking for collaboration in specific areas?I work at the Max Planck Institute of Molecular Biology in Dresden and we are connected with universities; a lot of programmes are initiated by these universities and many people are not aware of these opportunities. At Dresden we are very open to welcoming international students, as this really fosters research.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12590254", "title": "Muslim groups accuse CBI of bias in probes", "text": "JAIPUR: Some Muslim organizations led by former minister and BJP leader Yunus Khan, on Sunday, accused the CBI of bias in investigating the Gopalgarh clash in Bharatpur and burning of SHO Phool Mohammad in Surval town.investigation in the cases of Gopalgarh communal violence in Bharatpur and SHO Phool Mohammad burning case in Sawaimadhopur's Surval town.They alleged that the agency is not acting promptly in these cases unlike the Bhanwari Devi case, and threatened to agitate against the Congress government.Holding a press conference on Sunday, Muslim community representatives said in the SHO burning case, the agency has kept the investigation pending against Kirori Lal Meena and some other politicians. They also expressed resentment over CM Ashok Gehlot not visiting the town after the incident.The representatives alleged the CBI did not entertain the FIRs lodged by residents in the Gopalgarh clash case, and investigated only those complaints that were registered by the local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12592731", "title": "Anil Kapoor want 100 cr?", "text": "Anil Kapoor is remaking the American series, \" 24 \", in which he starred, for Indian TV, and it's been learnt that the deal for its broadcast rights being sold to Star Plus for 85 crore has fallen through.A source informed that Anil felt the offer wasn't enough.Anil said, \"The broadcast rights of '24' are still up for grabs. I haven't finalized any channel yet.\" A source close to the project said, \"Anil feels he deserves a lot more.\"He is now in advanced talks with a rival channel from Viacom, and is expected to take a call soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587792", "title": "Rajnath to inaugurate Veer Kuer Singh birth anniversary function", "text": "PATNA: Former BJP national president Rajnath Singh would inaugurate the Veer Kuer Singh birth anniversary function to be organized by the party's state unit at S K Memorial Hall here on April 23.Hectic preparations were on for the function in which party workers from all the 38 districts of the state would participate, the party's state media in-charge, Ashok Bhatt, said.The state government has taken several steps for the renovation of the Jagdishpur Fort in Bhojpur district to promote it as a tourist spot.Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi would be the chief guest on the occasion. Party's state chief Dr C P Thakur would preside over the function. Rajya Sabha member and the party's national spokesman Rajiv Pratap Rudy, BJP's former state chief Radha Mohan Singh (MP), and Bihar ministers Nand Kishore Yadav and Ashwini Kumar Choubey will be among the prominent leaders to attend the function.Meanwhile, the state BJP has already constituted an organizing committee comprising two ministers, Janardan Singh Sigriwal and Ramadhar Singh, besides Ram Prawesh Rai, Awadhesh Narayan Singh and Vikram Kunwar (MLAs), Amarendra Pratap Singh, Ajay Kumar Singh, Subhash Singh, Vinay Singh, Janak Singh, Veena Devi, Rana Gangeshwar Singh, Sanjay Singh Tiger and Veerkeshwar Prasad Singh (MLCs). Achyutanand Singh (MLA) is the convener. State general secretaries Rajendra Gupta (MLC) and Mangal Pandey would coordinate the preparation.Bhatt said many of them had fanned out in their designated districts to mobilize people to participate in the celebration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12588446", "title": "Noida rape case: Victim's mother urges action against investigating officer RK Malik", "text": "NOIDA: She was allegedly blackmailed, gagged, assaulted and gang-raped. When the minor, a class X student, complained to the cops, they revealed her identity, commented about her character and went on to imply that \"she asked for it\". And now, in a private media sting, the investigating officer blatantly indulged in character assassination not just of the victim, but also her family. Having too much to handle, the victim's mother has now submitted a written complaint to Noida SSP Yogesh Singh and demanded strict action against the erring cops.The 15-year-old, who was raped twice by the same person once in May, 2011 and again in February this year, is devastated. The girl dropped out of school after the \"humiliation\" and is to take her class X exams through open learning from Monday. She has refused to eat or step out of her house since the comments of the cops came to light.\"I didn't expect much from the police anyway, and this loose talk is the main reason why I and my family refrained from filing a complaint when I was raped in May last year,\" the victim told TOI. \"These are the men who are supposed to help me get justice but I have no hopes now. The investigating officer, RK Malik, has claimed that we registered the complaint to put pressure on the accused and extort money. In fact, just a few days ago, we were approached by the family of the accused to reach a compromise. We reported the incident to the police but they did not do anything about it,\" she added.In her complaint, the victim's mother has alleged that the city cops, particularly the IO R K Malik, has been \"harassing\" and \"humiliating\" her and her daughter as well as her daughter's friends. \"The IO threatened my daughter's friends who were willing to testify against the accused and even made suggestive comments about their characters. The girls' got scared and refused to testify,\" she added.Senior police officials in Noida and Ghaziabad, meanwhile, have reacted strongly to the media reports and said that they will conduct a thorough investigation. \"We do not endorse such comments and rape is a matter that needs to be dealt with carefully and sensitively. Action will be taken against the erring police officials if the media reports are found to be true,\" said Praveen Kumar , SSP, Gautam Budh Nagar.ayesha.arvind@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12592639", "title": "'Expat Ride' addresses concerns of NRIs in Gulf countries", "text": "\" Expat Ride\", a book by Mohammed Saifuddin, addresses many concerns of NRIs residing and working in Gulf countries.The Indian government is trying to bring NRIs under the tax net, through introduction of the New Direct Tax Code, in place of old Income Tax Act. Concerns of the Indians in Gulf about this issue are dealt by the author, who argues that Indians in Gulf countries should be exempted from the income tax. He presents the real situation of Indians here with supporting data collected by a survey. This survey revealed that most of the Indian workers in Gulf countries return home empty handed.The book reveals that the resident Indians not only outnumber the NRIs in wealth, but they are almost double in numbers and their net worth is much higher than NRIs.The problems, working and living conditions of Indian workers in Gulf countries are different from NRIs living in other countries. Mohammed Ali Shabbir, the ex-minister of NRI affairs, the government of Andhra Pradesh , expressed same views after releasing this book and they should be dealt separately. The Indians working in the Gulf countries have been demanding from the Indian government since long time to rip off their NRI status. The author argues that the Indians in Gulf countries should not be referred as NRIs. Rather, they should be called Indian contract workers in Gulf countries.Quoting AICTE notification to reserve one third of the 15% supernumerary seats for the children of Indians living in the Gulf countries, author suggests to extend this quota for all the courses in Indian universities. Many people may not be aware, but the AICTE notification states that there shall be no NRI fees for children of Indians in Gulf countries. \"The children of Indian workers in the Gulf Countries shall be treated at par with resident citizens,\" says the notification.Revealing how money-lending by hawala rackets in Gulf countries are effecting Indian laborers, Saifuddin writes that the Indian workers in the Gulf countries are facing such a hard time that instead of sending remittances to their families, many of them are forced to seek financial support from their families and friends back home, in India through illegal means like hawala.Revealing another shocking trend of money-lending by these hawala rackets, author mentions that many Indian labourers in Gulf countries have become their victims, are which acting as vultures sucking the blood of poor labourers. This trend is linked to the loan sharks operating in the Gulf countries, who lend money to the labourers in Gulf countries on the higher rates of interest. The lenders pay the money to dependent in India through their agents and it is collected back here, in foreign currency. The money has to be returned in the agreed period, until then the interest should be paid regularly.Concerned with the majority of Indians being among those who commit suicide in the UAE, the author tries to ponder on the reason of high depression among the Indians.Last year the ministry of overseas Indian affairs has established the Indian Community Welfare Fund (ICWF) in the 43 Indian missions across the world, in the countries that have a significant number of Indians. The \"Expat Ride\" author explains how the Indian Consulate General in Dubai has used this fund to get release of Indian prisoners from various jails. Lauding the consulate, the author suggests similar steps by the Indian missions in other Gulf countries.Those Indians who are seeking jobs in Gulf countries are much prone to exploitation by the agents at the recruitment stage itself. To curb the ill deeds of these agents, the Indian government has made some amendments in the Emigration Act 1983 by a Gazette notification in July 2009. The author describes these changes and how it will affect the intending immigrants.Indian government has conferred voting rights to NRIs and it makes it compulsory that we should be present in India during polling to cast our vote. Stating that postal ballot, online polling or voting at Indian missions should be introduced, the author gives examples of different countries which already have such facility.The Right to Information Act was propagated as \"powerful weapon\". Later on it was extended to NRIs and we can seek information from the Indian embassy. Initially, we were very happy that we can use RTI at an Indian embassy. But, in reality, this act is useless for NRIs. It is impossible for us to apply for any information under the RTI Act, reveals the book.The book also contains a write-up about the newly launched Passport Seva Kendras established under the Passport Seva Project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12589908", "title": "He runs a company from his bedside", "text": "PANCHKULA: To say that Sumit Mehta, 28, is a picture of grit is a serious understatement. Suffering muscular dystrophy since birth because of which he can neither walk nor sit properly, Sumit is a tech whiz who leads his software company from the front even though he has to stay in bed all day.A resident of Sector 16, Panchkula, Sumit has done regular studies only for four years. \"But I have done two bachelors degrees and a Masters in Computer Application (MCA), with the help of my parents and through the internet. My parents started taking me to school when I was in Class IV. For two years I studied with differently-abled kids and then with regular kids. But after four years it became difficult for me to pursue regular studies,\" said Sumit. However, his interest in music and computer programming pushed him on. \"So I first did graduation in Indian classical music, then Bachelors in computer applications (BCA),\" he added.In 2002 his father bought him a computer and then there could be no looking back. \"I loved programming so much that I learned C++, Microsoft visual basic 6 and even some difficult things like Microsoft.net by only devouring computer books and surfing the internet for hours,\" he said.But Sumit\"s achievements go beyond even this. He has done a number of stage shows and given vocal performances.Sumit emphasizes that the road thus far was very tough. \"There were times I would cry seeing friends play but I never shared it with my parents. I think one should take life as positive as possible and feelings of discouragement are temporary. I think one should take life as it comes and do his best,\" said Sumit.He proudly declares that his parents are his biggest support. \"Even my elder brother sacrificed much of his childhood for my sake as my parents were always preoccupied with me. Now, I keep striving to make them proud,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12589678", "title": "Country's manufacturing sector needs a push: Pranab Mukharjee", "text": "BELGAUM: India's manufacturing sector needs to be strengthened to revive the economy from the present crisis and improve the GDP position, Union finance minister Pranab Mukharjee said on Sunday.Addressing students at the 11th annual convocation of Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU) at Jnana Sangama campus here on Sunday, Pranab said post 2007, the development of manufacturing sector is at a slower pace and there is an urgent need to improve it.He said the national manufacturing policy aims at increasing the share of manufacturing sector in GDP to 25 per cent.\"There is a need for improved technology that is cost effective, without compromising with the quality. We have to conform with the international standards as far as quality is concerned. For this, there is a need for skill development. The technological universities can play a vital role in producing efficient and skilled technocrats,\" he said and added that conceptualization on scientific temperament and social concern is the need of the hour.Stating that infrastructure development was an important aspect in economic development, Pranab said the government has envisaged augmenting Rs 50 lakh crore for infrastructure development through public-private partnership (PPP) in the 12th five year plan.Chancellor and governor H R Bhardwaj and pro-chancellor CM D V Sadananda Gowda were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12588950", "title": "Last IIT-JEE throws up a few surprises", "text": "HYDERABAD: The last Indian Institute of Technology-Joint Entrance Examination (IIT-JEE), held in about 40 centres in the city on Sunday, threw up a few surprises for students. While the two-paper examination carried only 408 marks this year as against last year's 480, experts said that negative marking was restricted to just the first section in Paper I, and not two sections like in 2011. A total of 10,300 seats will be available for students this year in all the IITs put together. JEE is expected to be replaced by an all India entrance examination, Indian Science Engineering Eligibility Test (ISEET), starting next year.Meanwhile, at the backdrop of communal clashes in Old City, about a dozen students reportedly missed the examination as their centres were located in engineering colleges in Saidabad area. However, officials of these centres said that students could have missed the examination for reasons not related to communal disharmony. In the city, 10% of the total number of students registered for the examination missed the same, officials said. About 2.5 lakh students appeared for the examination from across the state. A total of 5.6 lakh students had appeared for the examination across the country.Though very few errors were sited in the question paper this year, experts said that an error has crept into Paper II. In code II, question number 26, the data given does not give any corresponding answer in the options section, IIT-coaching experts from Sri Chaitanya Group of Institutions said.This year, to qualify for an IIT rank, students will have to score 143 marks in JEE. Experts said that anyone who scores over 180 marks in the examination might get a seat in one of the IITs. The examinations were held in two sessions from 9 am to 12 pm and from 2 pm to 5 pm. A few questions were said to be lengthier when compared to JEE 2011. \"There were some tricky questions in some of the sections which would have made students apply more than one concept,\" said T Kondala Rao, IIT coordinator, Narayana Group of Institutions. With a decrease in the marks and the number of questions, the examinations would have proved to be tough for some students, Uma Shankar, IIT coordinator, Chaitanya Group of Institutions said. \"Students were, however, relieved that this year they were allowed to take a copy of the optical mark recognition (OMR) sheet home to verify how they have fared in the examinations,\" said Uma Shankar.Students however, were happy with their performance. Shambhavi B, a student of DAV Public School, said, \"I expected it to be very difficult. Chemistry was the easiest. As this was the last JEE, everyone had various theories about the paper being either too hard or too easy. But it was neither, it was very manageable.\" Jishnu A S, another student from the city, said, \"I did not expect it to be this easy, especially Physics. However, the Mathematics section in Paper II was a bit tough.\" Talking about the new rule that allowed students to take a copy of their OMR sheet with them after the exam, he said, \"I think it was very helpful because we could check our answers immediately.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596160", "title": "If Katrina can make it, why can't Sunny: Juhi Parmar", "text": "Amuch slimmer and extremely confident Juhi Parmar waxes eloquent on everything under the sun in candid chat with us...Newfound loveThese days, the actress is involved in a roaring love affair - with theatre, of course. Ask her how did this new relationship start, and she says: \"\"I have been getting offers to do theatre for the past five years, but nothing clicked! But, when I was offered the play Accha Toh Hum Milte Hain opposite Asif Shaikh, I said yes. I'm also looking forward to the release of my film Padduram opposite Suresh Menon.\"\"Telly talesShe's quite gung-ho about her theatre debut, but where does that leave television shows? \"\"I've some interesting offers from telly, but I haven't yet said yes,\"\" says she. And what kind of telly project would interest this former bahu of TV? She says: \"\"I'm really loving mature love stories like Bade Acche Lagte Hain and Kya Hua Tera Wada, where not-so-young protagonists' thought process and individuality is projected in a refined manner.\"\"Saas bahu TRPsDoes that mean she won't do a saas bahu saga today? \"\"I have nothing against a saas bahu saga. When they were launched a few years back, they generated the kind of TRPs, which can't be touched today by the TV soaps. But, when it comes to choosing a show today, I would rather go for a new challenge and not follow a beaten track,\"\" says she.Dil, dosti etc  .Along with new challenges, Juhi is fiercely protective of new friends like Sunny Leone, Pooja Bedi and Akashdeep Saigal (Sky). \"\"They are my best friends today with whom I spend a lot of time. And in Bigg Boss, people mostly make enemies for a lifetime, whereas I found friends for life. Sky, Pooja and I even spent some relaxing time in Dubai sometime back and did a big dhamaal on Holi too. Now that Sunny is back in India, we are all hanging out a lot at Pooja's house because she's a superb hostess,\"\" says she.Sunny daysSpeaking of Sunny, has the gal really got what it takes to be a B'town star? Juhi replies: \"\"Sunny is glamorous, pretty and a perfect Bollywood masala heroine material. Her Hindi diction is the only negative in this case, so she's taking Hindi lessons now. And If Katrina can work on her Hindi and became a major star, why can't Sunny?\"\"Of Pooja and SkyAnd what's her take on the reports claiming that her two close friends - Sky and Pooja - are in love? She retorts: \"\"I don't want to say anything till they officially declare their feelings for each other. But, I would like to say one thing - if they are in a relationship, I will be the happiest person!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588129", "title": "Centre\u2019s new proposals for test irk IIT Bombay teachers", "text": "MUMBAI: IIT-B teachers are peeved with the idea of introducing reforms in the joint entrance exam from the 2013-14 academic session. While the proposed reforms state that 40% weightage in the ranking for entry into IITs should be given to Class XII scores, most teachers feel the Class XII scores should be increased from the current 60% to 70% or more. A committee formed by the human resources development (HRD) ministry will be visiting the Powai campus on Monday to discuss the exam's new format.A meeting convened by the institute's senate was attended by all the faculty members where the new pattern was discussed. Most educators were against introducing the new prototype from the next year. They wanted to postpone it to 2014 and consider all the suggestions put forth.\"Assigning 40% weightage to the board marks cannot be a yardstick for IIT-JEE ranking,\" said a professor. \"The whole idea of allotting weightage to Class XII scores was because students do not pay attention to their academic term, which is untrue. Cut-offs in degree colleges are very high indicating that students are giving importance to their board exams,\" he added.Another professor said, \"The Centre can instead increase the compulsory Class XII scores from the current 60% to 70% or more.\"The panel will be at IIT-B to explain the new pattern and also will be hearing objections from the faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587746", "title": "Yashkar's kin demand CBI probe, stage dharna", "text": "PATNA: Relatives and friends of defence official Yashkar Sinha staged a daylong dharna on Kargil Chowk on Sunday demanding a CBI inquiry into the case of the death of Yashkar and his wife Archana Sharma. The two were found dead in their flat in Delhi recently.They alleged that there were loose ends in the investigation carried out by the Delhi police so far.Dr Diwakar Tejaswi, Dr Narendra Prasad, Dr K K Sharan, Dr Alok Abhijit, Dr S P Ambastha, Pandey Gajendra Narain and Kiran Sharan were among those who staged the dharna. They pooh-poohed the Delhi police's dowry theory behind Yashkar's death, saying that he had returned the gold chain to his mother-in-law stating that he needed her 'ashirvad' (blessing) only. They wondered how such a man with high moral values could ask for dowry.To buttress their point further, they said Yashkar had paid the last instalment of loan on his flat in November last, suggesting that he was not suffering from any financial crisis, as claimed by the police. Again, normally, police break open the front door to enter a flat in such situation. Why, in this case, they chose to climb the rear balcony to break open the door, they said.The relatives said there were lapses in police investigation. Hence, only a CBI inquiry could unravel the mystery of their death, they demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594101", "title": "Film industry will question the govt: Subhash Ghai", "text": "Various noted filmmakers and artists will speak on Maharashtra government's stand on institutions like Whistling Woods coming Wednesday.Subhash Ghai's film institute 'Whistling Woods' has been appreciated by renowned members of the film fraternity. Apex Court's verdict which asked the filmmaker to return the land and pay the rent for the last 12 years hasn't gone down well with the industry which considers it unfair as Whistling Woods is probably the only film institute in the country with world class facilities.To take the matter ahead, the film industry will question the government's unjust treatment towards institutions like Whistling Woods in front of the media. The press conference will be held on Wednesday, April 11th for the same revealed Subhash Ghai who is hurt by the decision but promises his institute will survive, with or without the controversial land.Subhash Ghai informed TOI.com on Monday April 9th, \"Film Industry will meet the media on Wednesday, April 11th to speak on 'Has the government given justice to institutions like Whistling Woods'? There will be a media conference for the same.\"Various filmmakers and noted actors have supported Ghai.Filmmaker Nagesh Kukunoor said, \"What's happening with Whistling Woods is unfair. The government can't just wake up one day and displace so many lives, livelihoods and dreams!\"Shekhar kapoor voiced, \"Subhash Ghai gave 15 years of his time and energy to create a centre of learning for film. Whistling Woods is not a scam, he should be applauded. It is not possible to build educational institutions at current land prices in any city, government has to allocate land for this. Tisch film school ( Tisch School of the Arts ) in Singapore is built on land given free by Govt. Now Singapore directors are making grade internationally\"Shyam Benegal said, \"I am deeply saddened by the verdict of the High Court in the case of Whistling Woods film school. Subhash Ghai had taken upon himself as a mission to create a world class film school. He worked tirelessly for 13 years to fulfill this dream and finally succeeded in making it happen. Mumbai could now pride itself on having a film school as good as any in the world. And suddenly this. Strange!\"Shabana Azmi said, \"I am saddened by court order against Whistling Woods. Subhash Ghai has spared no costs in trying to make it world class we need such institutes.\"Meanwhile, there's nothing stopping Whistling Woods. Ghai is not deterred by the court's verdict; he is on a lookout for a new location for his film institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12589883", "title": "Traders enjoy family kitty, discuss IPL", "text": "LUDHIANA: Tambola, more fun games, quiz and lots of discussion about the Indian Premier League (IPL) made Saturday night kitty party a great time for a group of young businessmen and their families. The hosts, hosiery businessman Sachin Ahuja and his wife Kriti, residents of Rajguru Nagar, organized the party at a hotel near Clock Tower.Sachin said, ''We party and we party hard. No business talks are allowed in our parties as they are purely for pleasure. Members enjoyed the quiz that was mostly about Bollywood. While discussing about IPL, all of us got very excited and decided to go for the match in Dharamshala in Himachal Pradesh.''Amit Sood, who attended the kitty said, ''Our other friends who joined the party were Amit Jairath of Rishi Nagar, Kunal Maini of Civil Lines, Rajat Jain of Kitchlu Nagar, Nitin Gumber of Maya Nagar, Piyush Jain of Kitchlu Nagar, Nishant Jain of Kitchlu Nagar and Chetan Mehandiratta. We had some lazy time together and enjoyed food.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589253", "title": "Medicinal plants in Western Ghats face threat of extinction", "text": "CHENNAI: It's a small, evergreen tree whose orange fruit and bark is used in a traditional cure for diabetes. But the Eugenia singampattiana (Korandi palam), native to the Western Ghats, and 57 other species with medicinal value face the threat of extinction, according to a government approved study. The research was done in the Kalakkad Mundanthurai Tiger Reserve (KMTR), and said the one of the reasons was excessive collection of these plants for use in preparation of traditional remedies.The study cited fires, timber extraction, tea plantations, private enclosures and reservoirs as threats to the forests and biodiversity of species. Destructive harvest of species and tourists and pilgrims entering eco-sensitive areas are also responsible for the loss of plants with medicinal value.\"In the absence of laws or policies, indiscriminate collection of plants from forests cannot be considered an offence,\" said chief conservator of forests (Coimbatore), Manoj Kumar Sarkar, who authored the study. Apart from the lady's slipper orchid, none of the species is covered by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972, or other national or state legislations. Sarkar has recommended that all 58 species be brought under the plant schedule of the Wildlife Protection Act or Biological Diversity Act, 2002.Globalization triggered an increase in demand for plant-based medicines and herbal products, and the market has doubled since the 1990s. With at least 85% of the species coming from forests/ wild areas, the sector is completely unorganized. \"Monitoring them is not an easy task. The government has to work with local people and come up with sustainable means of harvesting,\" said Care Earth managing trustee Dr R J Ranjith Daniel.KMTR, the study said, has 772 medicinal species which are predominantly used in Ayurveda, Siddha, Tibetan, Unani, Homeopathy and allopathy. Sarkar said tree species of commercial value received far more importance than shrubs, herbs and species with medicinal value. There have been 466 fires in the reserve in the last decade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595373", "title": "Cricket &amp; Bollywood are the biggest commodities: Ayushmann Khurrana", "text": "He is one of the most popular presenters/anchors we have on television. And now he is ready to take on the big screen with his debut movie - Vicky Donor.Although he won Roadies season 2, he took four years to come back and make his mark on television. Ask him why and he replies, \" Having the right kind of attitude is important. There are people who immediately shift their base to Mumbai to make a mark in the glam industry. I won the show in 2004 and I came on TV as an anchor for the first time in 2008. These four years, I was preparing myself. I completed my studies, did theatre for five years, I was an RJ for two years. When I came, I had my experience and I was very confident. I knew I will crack an audition.\"Ayushmann is married to his childhood sweetheart Tahira. Ask him how she handles all the female adulation he gets and he laughs and says, \"She is very progressive. Theatre is quite popular in Chandigarh. I got all the female attention in college and even when I did theatre so she is quite used to it. And people knew she was my girlfriend!\"With the latest IPL season starting with full force, Ayushmann, who was a part of the anchors team for IPL last season, takes a nostalgic view and says, \"I have always loved cricket and represented Chandigarh before I did theatre. Cricket and Bollywood are the biggest commodities in our country. Their combination always works well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12588762", "title": "Woman commits suicide", "text": "INDORE: A 23-year-old married woman was found hanging in Mahavar Nagar area, falling under the jurisdiction of Annapurna police, on Sunday morning.Jyoti Lakhnavi (23), wife of Kanhailal Lakhnavi was found hanging from the ceiling fan of her room in the morning. According to police, Jyoti went upstairs to her room at around 8 am. When she did not come down for nearly two hours, the family members developed some doubt. They later found the room locked from inside and their repeated knocks garnered no response. The family members then broke open the door only to find the lady hanging from the ceiling. She was rushed to Unique Hospital where she was declared brought dead, police added.Meanwhile, the deceased's parents have accused her in-laws of harassment which reportedly forced the lady to take the extreme step. Jyoti was married to Kanhaialal around two years ago. However, no FIR was lodged till the filing of the report. In another incident, a 50-year-old Bahadur, son of Umla Bheel, committed suicide in Vanganga area. Police said that he was the resident of Rajgarh district, but was residing here in slums. Further investigations are on into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "sonala-alewadi (buldhana)", "code": "12588358", "title": "Backlog removal comes with a big price", "text": "SONALA-ALEWADI (BULDHANA): At a time when the state government is claiming to remove irrigation backlog of Vidarbha, trouble is brewing against Arkacheri and Alewadi irrigation projects, 280km from here in Sangrampur tehsil of Buldhana district. Farmers allege the projects are being thrust on them in the name of backlog removal.Both the projects, estimated to cost Rs 86 crore - Alewadi (Rs 38.32 crore) and Arkacheri (Rs 47.51 crore), will irrigate 1,900 hectares land but farmers say 50% of the land which will be affected is already under well irrigation.Villagers of Sonala, where Arkacheri project is coming up, say they never demanded the project as already Wan medium irrigation project is situated just 5km upstream of the proposed Arkacheri and is an assured source of water for the wells falling in the submergence of the new project. Besides, the new site has no hard strata which is generally needed to construct a dam.\"The project proposes to wipe out irrigation backlog of Vidarbha even though there has been no demand for it by the people here,\" alleged Ramdas Kothe, president, Arkacheri Action Committee.Work on both the projects also exposes government's double standards when it comes to tiger conservation. On the one hand it talks of saving tigers and on the other both projects fall within the 10km radius of Melghat Tiger Reserve (MTR). Such projects cannot be implemented without clearance from the National Board of Wildlife (NBWL) under the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF).Kothe is among the hundreds of farmers from Sonala and neighbouring Alewadi who are opposed to these two projects.Although both the projects are covered under the Accelerated Irrigation Benefits Programme (AIBP) of the central government, Union social welfare minister Mukul Wasnik and BJP leader Pandurang Fundkar in 2010 had asked chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to scrap Arkacheri project. However, the VIDC officials sent a favourable report.\"Any projects proposed in the buffer of tiger reserve have to go to NBWL. This is one of the reasons why some states are deliberately delaying buffer zones of tiger reserves. The NBWL gives site specific recommendations,\" said Kishor Rithe, a member of NBWL.Conservationist Prafulla Bhamburkar of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) demanded that these projects be withdrawn as the zone is important for migration and survival of endangered animals. \"The projects may cause man-animal conflict in future,\" he said.The wildlife department has been kept in the dark. AK Mishra, chief conservator of forests (CCF) and field director of MTR, said there's no communication about the work. \"We should have been informed as these projects fall within 10km of the tiger reserve boundary,\" he said.GPS locations show Sonala is 7km from Ambabarwa wildlife sanctuary while Alewadi is hardly 5kms away. Alewadi farmers claimed regular sightings of Schedule I animals like sloth bear, hyena and leopards and herbivores like deer and wild boars. There are 3,000 mahua trees in the area which attract herbivores that are at times followed by carnivores.\"There have been sporadic sightings of even tigers. Last year, a tigress with two cubs was seen in a sugarcane farm near Alewadi,\" claimed Akhtar Suratne, a farmer.The executive engineer for minor irrigation department, UM Padmane is surprised at the fuss being made. \"The projects would benefit farmers and wildlife,\" he said. \"The Melghat buffer zone was notified in October 2010 while both the projects were cleared in February 2009,\" he added.Padmane added hard strata are not the sole criteria and dams can come up where there are soft strata. \"The project will also require blasting near Imbabura sanctuary. Wildlife permission will be taken when we start the work in forest areas,\" he added.However, a letter issued to executive engineer on March 5 by Dilip Gujela, deputy conservator of forests of Buldhana, says the entire issue needs to be studied as such projects require NBWL clearance.Gujela said VIDC has been told to ignore the NOC granted in 2010 by his predecessor. \"Three days ago, I've issued a second reminder asking VIDC to stop work immediately,\" Gujela told TOI.Kothe alleged that farmers are being cheated as facts in the detailed project report (DPR) are distorted. The DPR says 80% of the land to be acquired is considered as non-irrigated whereas out of 316 hectare land required for Arkacheri, 80% land is under well irrigation.\"Life of both the projects is pegged at 30 years but these will deprive livelihood to hundreds of farmers and their generations dependent on agriculture. They will be left with no alternative than to live in penury,\" warned Kothe.On the contrary, Padmane claimed only 30-35% irrigated land will be affected. The project is being opposed by only those farmers whose irrigated land will be acquired. He justified both projects will help remove irrigation backlog of Buldhana, which is backward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12589372", "title": "ASI survey report on Babri Masjid not in public domain yet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over a month after the Central Information Commission asked for a survey report on the Ram Janmabhoomi-Babri Masjid site to be made public, the Archaeological Survey of India has not complied.Chief information commissioner Satyananda Mishra had directed the ASI to either disclose its report of the disputed site or in case the disclosure was prohibited by the Allahabad high court through its order, the copy of that directive be provided to activist Subhash Agrawal.In the decision dated February 29, Mishra had given 10 working days to the ASI, after receiving the order, to comply with the directives. But even after nearly 45 days, Agrawal said that no response had come from ASI prompting him to file a non-compliance complaint with the transparency panel.\"But despite the copy of verdict been received many days ago, the public authority has not responded to queries of my RTI petition as directed by your honour,\" Agrawal complained.The ASI is understood to have carried out the survey of the disputed site on the directions of the Allahabad HC which was hearing the matter. Through his RTI application, Agrawal had sought a copy of the report submitted by the ASI. The ASI refused to give the document, saying it was meant exclusively for the HC.When the matter reached the transparency panel, the ASI reiterated its stand. Agrawal argued that if the HC had prohibited disclosure of the report, that order should be provided to him.Asking for the report to be made public Mishra said, \"We think that this is a very fair request and the CPIO should provide a copy of the relevant extract from the order of the high court in which the ASI has been instructed to present the report only to the high court and not to disclose it to anyone else ... In case, there is no such express direction from the high court, the copy of the said report should be provided to the appellant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588282", "title": "Vulture \u2018restaurants\u2019 draw rare bird back", "text": "MUMBAI: At this restaurant, tables are reserved only for the unique and rare white-rumped vultures (Gyps Bengalensis). An endangered species, their numbers have increased after the state forest department launched the 'vulture restaurant' project a year ago in Phansad wildlife sanctuary near Murud, in Raigad district, in association with the NGO Shrushtidnyan.To celebrate the project's success and to create awareness about the important role of the scavengers in the food chain and ecology, the department will hold a day-long vulture festival on April 12 at the sanctuary.This region once housed a large number of vultures but witnessed a sharp decline in their numbers in the last few years, probably due to shortage of food. Once the project was launched, the forest department urged villagers to donate carcasses of farm animals for vultures, offering incentives and arranging transport facilities for the same. Now, the population of vultures seen here has gone up to nearly 17. Forest guards have noted at least 11 nests and two hatchings on tall trees on the periphery of the special platform built to feed carcasses to the birds.Executive director of Shrushtidnyan, Prashant Shinde informed, \"These birds do not build nests or breed so easily, so sighting of nests and hatchlings is a positive sign. We are holding this festival to share and highlight our common concerns towards protecting this magnificent but endangered bird. We are mobilizing villagers, children, youth and women to participate.\"The NGO has planned forest trails and bird watching, wildlife photography, film screenings, poster and photo exhibitions, slide shows, tattoo printing, drawing competition, mask painting competition, games and activities as part of the festival whose theme is 'Save Vultures - Save Nature'.The wildlife wing of the forest department plans to set up more such vulture restaurants in Thane, Nagpur, Nashik, Raigad and Gadchiroli districts. While Dr Ajay Poharkar, raptor scientist and secretary of the National Association for Welfare of Animals and Research, is already running a vulture restaurant in Nimgaon, Dhanora tehsil in Gadchiroli, three such restaurants exist in Punjab.Vultures in India started dying two decades ago after the drug Diclofenac, used to treat sick farm animals, became popular. Diclofenac was banned in 2005. International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources declared the bird endangered. Vultures play an important role in the ecology, especially in agrarian countries like India, by eating carcasses of large animals. One big group can finish one carcass in 20 minutes. The bird weighs 3.5-7.5 kg, measures 75-93 cm in length and has a wingspan of 6.3-8.5 ft. It can soar to a height of 7,000 ft height and swiftly covers distances of 100 km.The adult's whitish back, rump and under-wing coverts contrast with the otherwise dark plumage. They build nests on trees like banyan, neem and peepul. The female lays only one egg, usually in January. However, if the egg is destroyed due to natural reasons, the bird destroys the nest too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12589523", "title": "US adds riders for fresh nuclear talks with Iran", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Obama administration and its European allies plan to open new negotiations with Iran by demanding the immediate closing and ultimate dismantling of a recently completed nuclear facility, according to US and European diplomats.They are also calling for a halt in the production of uranium fuel that is considered just a few steps from bomb grade, and the shipment of existing stockpiles of that fuel out of the country.That negotiating position will be the opening move in what president Obama has called Iran's \"last chance\" to resolve its nuclear confrontation with the UN and the West diplomatically. The hard-line approach would require Iran's military leadership to give up the Fordo enrichment plant, and with it a huge investment in the one facility that is most hardened against airstrikes.While it is unclear whether the allies would accept anything less than closing and Fordo, government and outside experts say the terms may be especially difficult for Iran's leaders to accept when they need to appear strong in the face of political infighting.Istanbul to host first meetingTalks on Tehran's nuclear standoff with the West is set to resume this week. Tehran had earlier voiced concerns about holding them in Turkey, whose opposition to Iranian ally president Bashar al-Assad in Syria has angered Iran. \"After weeks of debates, Iran and the six world powers agreed to attend a first meeting in Istanbul,\" the Fars news agency reported. It also said the sides had agreed to a second round of talks in Baghdad if there was progress in Turkey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589220", "title": "Pudukkottai warms up for bout", "text": "CHENNAI: The Pudukkottai assembly constituency, which fell vacant following the death of CPI MLA S P Muthukumaran, is readying for a fresh election dust-up.The ruling AIADMK has begun warm-up exercises for the byelection with senior leaders of the party convening a district-level meet in Pudukkottai on Sunday where they discussed the upcoming election. The election commission is yet to announce the poll schedule. The poll panel wants to wrap up the bypoll before the Presidential election in July.Party warhorses, including ministers O Panneerselvam, K A Sengottaiyan, Natham R Viswanathan and K P Munusamy, took part in the district working committee meeting and discussed the bypoll, sources said.In the 2011 assembly elections, Muthukumaran, whose party was part of the AIADMK-led alliance, defeated DMK candidate Periyannan Arasu by 3,101 votes. Between the assembly elections and the civic polls, the equation between the parties changed a lot with some friends becoming bitter foes. AIADMK and CPI had parted ways for the civic polls.A senior AIADMK party leader said: \"We have organised a meeting of district functionaries to discuss the bypoll. Though the discussions were held under the pretext of a district working committee meeting, leaders spoke mostly about the bypoll\". Besides state ministers, party MP P Kumar and other MLAs in the district participated in the discussions, said the leader.Pudukkotai district has six assembly constituencies, and in the last state assembly poll, AIADMK fought five seats and CPI one. \"We won all the five constituencies in Pudukkottai district in the May 2011 assembly elections. Our former ally CPI won the Pudukkottai assembly constituency with our support. This time our party wants to field a candidate and wish to have all the six constituencies. Our senior ministers even mentioned this during the meeting,\" said an AIADMK executive committee member, not willing to be named.But the Communist Party of India might try and keep the constituency to itself. CPI plans to meet CM and AIADMK head J Jayalalithaa to seek another chance to contest the seat. \"We hope the AIADMK chief would give us an opportunity again. This bypoll result will not make any difference in the assembly. So we have decided to approach the chief minister,\" said a CPI MLA.However, CPI general secretary D Pandian thought it was not the time to discuss election. \"We are still in mourning for Muthukumaran. We will take a final decision at an appropriate time,\" he said. \"If the AIADMK has started work, let them.\"As on March 3, 2011, the Pudukkottai assembly constituency had a total of 1.77 lakh voters, with 88,640 male and 88,699 female voters.In the 2011 assembly elections, Muthukumaran of CPI in the AIADMK-led alliance, defeated DMK candidate Periyannan Arasu. But, the AIADMK and CPI had parted ways for the civic polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12589356", "title": "FCI godown fire eats into tonnes of wheat, rice", "text": "KOCHI: A fire ravaged Food Corporation of India's (FCI) godown in Willingdon Island on Sunday morning. Tonnes of loose wheat and rice stored in the godown were destroyed in the fire.Fire and rescue officials are yet to ascertain the exact cause of the mishap. They suspect that an electrical short circuit might have caused it. The godown was locked from outside and there was a security guard on duty.Fire and rescue personnel noticed the fire during routine patrol near FCI godown. \"We saw smoke emanating from the roof of the godown around 9.30 am. Immediately an alert was sent to the base station and four fire tenders rushed to the spot,\" said an official. Timely action of fire officials prevented the fire from spreading.\"Around five tonnes of wheat and rice were destroyed. It took nearly two hours douse the flames. FCI officials will evaluate the extent of damage; we are investigating how it started. The situation could have become much worse if it was not spotted on time,\" officials said. \"Though we do not suspect any sabotage, we are not ruling out any possibility,\" officials said and added that the security guard, who was on duty, was unaware of the fire that was raging inside. He came to know about it only when the fire officials alerted him. A team of forensic officials will visit the spot to conduct a detailed examination of the spot,\" said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588318", "title": "Tainted Mhada man\u2019s hosp plea rejected", "text": "MUMBAI: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) investigating the disproportionate assets case of suspended deputy collector Nitesh Thakur wants to conduct a narco analysis test on him to find out the source of his wealth.The police investigating the case said the ACB is likely to move the Alibaug court next week. But sources said the narco test is not possible without Thakur's consent. The Supreme Court last year had ordered that investigating agencies need to take the consent of the accused before carrying out any tests. Meanwhile the Alibaug court on Saturday rejected Thakur's bail application as well as his request for treatement at the Lilavati Hospital.Thakur had filed a bail application before the Alibaug court on medical grounds on Thursday and when his bail application was rejected, he pleaded that he be shifted to the Lilavati Hospital. Thakur said that a decade ago he had suffered a fracture in a road accident. Public prosecutor Vaibhav Bhole contented that Thakur can be treated at the JJ Hospital.\"If he is granted bail he may tamper with the evidence,\" Bhole said. On March 15, the ACB had raided Thakur's 26 properties in the ongoing probe into his disproportionate assets of Rs 118 crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "purnia/saharsa", "code": "12587180", "title": "Hailstorm lashes Purnia, Kosi divisions", "text": "PURNIA/SAHARSA: A hailstorm accompanied by heavy rain struck Purnia and Kosi divisions twice on Friday night. The hailstorm swept through the Purnia division first around 8.30pm and again around midnight on Friday.The impact of the hailstorm and rain was quite severe in Katihar district, official sources said. \"It was for the first time that a hailstorm of such a magnitude hit the area,\" recalled Riazul Haque, a resident of Purnia. Heavy rain also lashed parts of Kosi division, the sources said.Jute growers are quite optimistic about the heavy rainfall as the sowing season is at its peak. Such a heavy rain had never been witnessed at this time of the year in the past few years, said a jute grower, Gaisuddin, of Simalbari. Rain will immensely boost jute farming, added Krishna Mohan Singh of Gopalpur in Kishanganj district.Kishanganj district agriculture officer (DAO) Sant Lal Saha said, \"The rain will help growers of pulse like moong and jute in the district.\" Saharsa DAO U P Mandal, however, struck a discordant note, saying rain will adversely impact the wheat crop which was already ripe for harvesting. The weatherman in Purnia said the district recorded 36 mm of rainfall. Rain swept through the district twice on Friday night. However, no casualty was reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590364", "title": "Growing market, big stakes attract high security registration plates firms", "text": "LUCKNOW: In the span of over ten years, since the government decided to amend the Central Motor Vehicles Rules, 1989, and bring in high security registration plates, as many as 18 registration plates manufacturers have come up in the country. And, all of them want to bag contracts for fitting HSRP, in at least some of the states. A manufacturer requesting anonymity says, \"We have spent crores to set up the needed infrastructure. If we do not get a contract, it will go waste.\"But, can this be the only reason why HSRP manufacturing firms are jostling to get the contract?Considering that there are more than 15 crore motor vehicles all over the country, for which HSRP is mandatory, and not less than a crore get added every year to the existing fleet, the business of HSRP fitment will definitely turn out to be lucrative, if the contracts are bagged in bulk for 10 years. This is the reason why the fight has been more vigorous in states like Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh and other bigger states, where number of registered vehicles is also higher.The contracts awarded in North-Eastern states, did witness some opposition from within the states, but it did not get as big as in UP. \"If a contract for a bigger state is bagged, it will certainly be profitable, or if a contract is awarded in bulk, it can be profitable,\" said a manufacturer. In Uttar Pradesh, there are some 1.2 crore motor vehicles registered and a close to 15 lakh are added every year to the existing fleet.And, it is the profit margin which has made the scheme lucrative. The cost of the plate, as readied by the authorised manufacturer, will range between Rs 100 to 150. On the other hand, government has not set any benchmark for the cost of the plate. \"We had been demanding this for long that if a chartered engineer can assess the cost of the plate and thus set a benchmark, it will do away with the controversy surrounding the price in the contract,\" said a Delhi-based manufacturer.The prices of the plates will vary for vehicles, while the manufacturing cost might be the same. This will lead to fluctuating profit margins. The price of the plate, as quoted in the contract, is worked out as weighted average, which is the average of the cost of the fitment for all two-wheelers and four-wheelers, in a state. \"In Delhi, the weighted average is around Rs 119. Add taxes to it, and one will get the cost of the plate,\" said a manufacturer. In Gujarat, it has worked out to be approximately Rs 123.The states, which are free to decide the terms and conditions of the tender can award the contract to more than one manufacturer also. The HSRP scheme makes it mandatory that only the authorised dealer can fit the plate and the entire process has to be done at the regional transport office. The objective of HSRP is to check theft of vehicles and their use in committing crimes like murder, dacoity, kidnapping or terrorist activities.In the country, out of 18 firms, 13 are part of the Association of Registration Plates Manufacturers of India, while five, including Shimnit Utsch India Pvt. Ltd., have stayed out. All of these firms came into existence after 2001, after the government introduced the amendment to do away with the unorganised fixing and painting of registration plates.In order to do business, the companies have to manufacture a prototype of HSRP, as per the specifications of the central government and get it approved by either Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) or Automotive Research Association of India (ARAI), the agencies which have been authorised by the Centre to give the type approval certificate.The firms with the type approval certificate can only bid for the contract in different states. It is a legal tug-of-war between firms that has delayed the process of awarding the contracts and fitting the plates to vehicles, for all these years. The numerous litigations that have been filed, since 2001, ever since CMVR were amended, challenging the awarding of contracts has also kept the implementation of HSRP scheme waiting for years. However, the apex court has given a deadline of April 30 to all the states to complete the process and implement the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "12590425", "title": "Five killed in road accident near Bikaner", "text": "BIKANER: Five persons were killed on Friday when an oil tanker and a pick-up jeep collided head on at the Bikaner-Chhatargarh road near village Shobhasar, nearly 15 km from here. The pick-up jeep was completely damaged and four persons - Yaroo Khan, Mohd Deen, Kalu Khan and Haneef died on the spot. Another passenger Guddi died at the PBM Hospital during treatment. The victims hailed from Jalawali and 682 RD villages.According to the SHO of Bichhwal police station, the pick-up jeep bearing no. HP-33B-0321 was coming towards Bikaner with eight passengers. When the jeep was near Shobhasar village, it collided with a diesel-loaded tanker bearing number RJ-19-1G-5661. Villagers rushed for help and took out the bodies of the dead and injured persons from the jeep. Due to the accident, the road was jammed for an hour.Meanwhile, relatives of Guddi, who died during treatment, have alleged that she died due to negligence on the part of doctors and staff of the CT scan machine of PBM Hospital. They further alleged that proper treatment was not given to Guddi, and also the staff deputed at CT scan machine, delayed the scan which resulted in delay of treatment. The family members then started shouting anti-administration slogans and staged a demonstration. On the news of the agitation, senior doctors, police and administrative officers and BJP MLA Vishwanath Meghwal, chairman of UIT Maqsood Ahmed and other social activists rushed to the hospital.After negotiating for about an hour in the chamber of PBM Hospital superintendent between MLA Vishwanath, UIT chairman Maqsood Ahmed, other officiers and family members of deceased Guddi, it was decided that district administration will sanction an amount of Rs 20,000 each to the deceased persons, one senior doctor will be deputed in the emergency unit of the PBM Hospital round the clock, and the CT scan machine of the Cancer Hospital will be shifted to main hospital.Later, bodies of all the five deceased were handed over to their families after conducting post-mortem.A case under sections 279, 337 and 304A of the IPC has been registered in Bichhwal police station for further investigation in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "sugandh vihar", "code": "12589952", "title": "Dhiman's poetry promotes rich culture of Punjab", "text": "SUGANDH VIHAR: Jagtar Singh Dhiman has a passion for writing poetry. He has written many poems in Punjabi and English, many of which he can recite. A resident of Sugandh Vihar, Dhiman has had 16 literary and scientific works published and these days he is busy penning another collection to be published soon.And as Dhiman puts it - literature is literally his life and soul, and he could not survive even a day without writing.For Dhiman the love for writing poetry started very young. ''I was always very interested in literature. At a very young age I started reading Punjabi, English and Hindi literature. I started writing poetry when I was in college, primarily for my college magazine. The exposure boosted my morale and encouraged me to pursue it further. Today, my day is incomplete if I don't pen down a few verses''Calling books his best companion, he adds, ''I love to spend time with books. Even when I was young I used to love reading and narrating spiritual stories to my siblings.''Author of 16 literary and scientific books, Dhiman said, ''In 2003, I had my first book of English poetry published. It is called ''Dew Drops''. I have had 16 literary and scientific works published till date.''He adds, ''Along with writing, I have also translated many books from Punjabi to English, and English to Punjabi. I have had the honour of translating some works of renowned Punjabi poet Shiv Kumar Batalvi and writer Prof Mohan Singh .''With a clear goal and focus, Dhiman who is an additional director communication in PAU, said, ''I aim to promote Punjabi heritage and culture through my works.''Apart from writing on sensitive issues, Dhiman also writes for children. His work ''Kautak Sheikh Chilli'' was quite popular and is was well-acclaimed. ''I am also a member of Academy of Punjabi of North America (APNA) and a part of their popular magazine, ''Saanjh'', he said.And supporting the saying, behind every successful man is a woman, Dhiman adds, ''My wife Manjeet Kaur is my motivation and inspiration. She is my biggest fan and greatest critic too! She also gives me valuable inputs on my verses as she has good writing skills and excellent understanding of literature.''Punjab Sahit Akademi chief Gurbhajan Singh Gill, said, ''Dhiman's contribution is greatly appreciated. He has an excellent combination of scientific and literary qualities to promote Punjabi heritage and culture.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587701", "title": "Girls outnumber boys in PU", "text": "PATNA: It may sound incredible, but is a fact that the number of girl students enrolled in different institutions of Patna University (PU) far exceeds that of boys. More than 9,000 girls are enrolled in 10 constituent colleges of PU against altogether 6,000 boys.There are only three girls' colleges, namely Patna Women's College, Magadh Mahila College and Women's Training College, under PU and their combined student strength comes to 7,437. And, all the remaining seven colleges are coeducational, admitting a significant number of girls.As many as 254 girls were admitted in Patna Science College in the last academic session, while the total number of students admitted to the college was 741. Similarly, in Patna College, out of the 2,000 students admitted, 400 were girls. Even in B N College, as many as 364 girls sought admission in different courses in the last session.In the postgraduate departments of arts, science and commerce, girls constitute nearly half of the total strength. In many PG courses, including those of science faculty, the number of girls admitted far exceeds that of boys. For instance, there are 59 girls against 10 boys in botany, 33 girls against 21 boys in biochemistry, 54 girls against 30 boys in psychology and 66 girls against 51 boys in geography.As a matter of fact, many departments of social science and humanities are dominated by girls. \"If the present trend continues, the days are not very far off when boys may have to wait outside the classroom till the entry of the teacher,\" says a senior teacher of psychology jokingly.The persistent socioeconomic backwardness and the orthodox middle class psyche notwithstanding, the concept of coeducation in colleges is gaining momentum in the city. Even colleges which were once considered \"exclusive bastions\" of the members of the so-called stronger sex, have, of late, converted into coeducational institutions. With the increasing demand for education, more and more girls are coming up to join institutions not having the label of \"girls' college\", said PU science faculty dean Upendra Kishore Sinha.PU geography department head R B P Singh said that not only the enrolment of girls in higher education has increased considerably in recent years, but their performance has also improved appreciably. Most toppers of different examinations in PU happen to be girls, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12589801", "title": "Narendra Modi shifts 68 senior policeman before assembly elections", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Narendra Modi government on Sunday transferred 68 senior police officers ahead of the assembly elections in December. Fifty of these are IPS officers. Sources in the government told TOI that a second round of police and administrative transfers may be expected after the Jagannath Rath Yatra in July.The list of seven IPS officers transferred from Ahmedabad includes joint police commissioner (traffic) Satish Verma, a thorn in the government's side as a member of the special investigation team (SIT) appointed by the Gujarat high court to probe the Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case.Verma, who has been given a side-posting as principal, Police Training College, Junagadh, had played a crucial role in establishing that the Ishrat Jahan encounter was fake and had resulted in a fresh FIR being filed in the case by the CBI. Sources said that police officers seen as trouble-shooters by the Narendra Modi government have been given postings where they would help in damage control. Of the IPS officers transferred, 10 have also been promoted. Eleven police inspectors have been promoted as deputy superintendents of police. The other senior IPS officers transferred out of Ahmedabad are joint police commissioners Atul Karwal and Shamsher Singh. Karwal, too, has got a fairly innocuous posting as joint director, police academy, Karai.Four deputy police commissioners of police from Ahmedabad, too, have been shifted and sent to different districts. Four assistant superintendents of police have been promoted as SPs and given independent charge of districts. This apart, seven DSPs have also been transferred and 11 inspectors promoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593025", "title": "Mahie Gill to don a bikini", "text": "Bindu's iconic 'Mona Darling' act in Zanjeer in 1973 is now being taken over by the audacious and saucy Mahie Gill .This week Gill was signed for the coveted role above the other top contenders for the iconic part--Mallika Sherawat, Malaika Arora and Jacqueline Fernnandez-- on the strength of her \"raw earthy appeal\".We also hear that Mahie's seduction of the arch-villain Teja played by Ajit in the original and by Prakash Raj in the remake, would exceed all the limits imposed by Bindu's conservative vamping in the 1970s.While Bindu (married to her husband and to self-censorship when she reigned with her vampish voluptuousness during the 1970s) got away with slit dresses and body stocking showing thunder thighs and buxom torsos in Zanjeer, Mahie, we are told, would be doing some heavyduty love-making scenes with Prakash Raj and would also need to get into better shape for a bikini.Speaking on behalf of the film's producers Reliance Entertainment, Adai Mehra Productions and Flying Turtle Films, Amit Mehra said, \"We definitely want Mahie's Mona Darling to go beyond Binduji. If Binduji became synonymous with the character in the 1970's, we want people to shout Mona Darling at Mahie when she steps out. Those times when the first Zanjeer was made were different. Today being sexy doesn't mean performing a cabaret in a slit dress.Mahie will have to be seen performing more horizontal acts with Prakash Raj. And she'll definitely be seen a bikini.\"Both Mahie and Prakash Raj (who is rather bulky and needs to shed weight around his midriff to do bedroom scenes with his Mona Darling ) have been asked to shed kilos urgently.Mahie's weight is not the only thing that goes from Bindu's Mona Darling act. The sizzling Asha Bhosle number Diljalon ka dil jala ke has also been done away with. Mahie was apparently most keen to dance to Bindu's number.Says Mehra, \"We're doing an entirely new hip and slick club song for Mahie to dance to. With due respects Helenji and Binduji cabarets are no longer a part of popular nightclub culture.\"Says Mahie, \"I was initially apprehensive about doing the part. I wondered if I'd be able to carry it off. It was the director Apoorva Lakhia who convinced me. Now I'm very excited. To recreate the original vamp Mona Darling of the 1970's for today's audience is a challenge. And most of my scenes are with Prakash Raj who is a very good actor. I think I'll be able to pull it off.\"In the meanwhile, all the Punjabi khana that Mahie can't do without has been forbidden from her diet. The culture of an overweight seductress went out with Bindu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590893", "title": "New pockets of legal education", "text": "As new pockets of legal education emerge across various states in the country, an increasing number of students are opting for unconventional course options in law.The way legal studies has been perceived traditionally has changed in the last few years, with the emergence of new areas of study and destinations across the country. This has, therefore, led to more options and further encouraged student mobility across states.The demand for legal services in areas like healthcare, intellectual property, venture capital, energy and environmental law has brought about a sea-change in the way aspiring students look at law as a career.At the National Law University, Delhi (NLUD), more than half of the students are from states outside Delhi. According to Ranbir Singh, vice-chancellor, NLUD, Delhi has an advantage because of the Supreme Court and lower courts, which makes it a favoured destination. \"We have students from about 19 states studying here. Out of the total 80 seats, 20 are meant for Delhi students and 10 seats are reserved for foreign students. The rest of the seats are meant for students from other states,\" says Singh. Popular courses include intellectual property rights, environmental law, securities, capital market law, corporate law, human rights, and labour and development law. At Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University (GGSIPU), almost 15% of the students are from outside Delhi. DK Bandyopadhyay, vice-chancellor, GGSIPU, says that more students are joining the integrated law course that offers specialisations in law. \"Legal education has many connotations, and a good job offer is one of the factors that drive students,\" he says. Students are interested in corporate law, international law, and environmental law, he adds.Shodhika Sharma, pursuing BA LLB at GGSIPU, feels that environmental law has immense scope. \"Environment is a concern for both the government and corporates. It will remain a key focus in the future as well,\" she says.NEW AVENUESAt Nalsar Law University, Hyderabad, more than 60% of students are from outside the state while 10% are from overseas. Moreover, 60% of students are women. M Sridhar, registrar, Nalsar, says, \"Law firms are establishing their offices in Hyderabad, and being an IT hub, the city sees many transactions taking place in the corporate world. Executive actions are often under challenge in the court of law - from land allocation to permission to start a company, everything is contentious.\"While there is an increasing demand for legal services, the city is yet to meet the requirement. The number of law students graduating every year is still disproportionate compared to the number required. Corporate law, media, environment and cyber law are the new areas that students are interested in. Corporate law has the highest takers, given the immediacy of emoluments, informs Sridhar.EXPANDING SCOPEToday, the scope of law has widened with numerous opportunities in KPOs, MNCs, NGOs and various legal and corporate firms recruiting law graduates. Smaller cities like Chandigarh are beginning to emerge as a preferred destination for students looking for a career in law. There has been an influx of students from other parts of the country and abroad to institutions like the Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law (RGNUL), Patiala, University Institute of Legal Studies (UILS) at Panjab University and the Army Institute of Law (AIL) in Mohali.Bajirao Rajwade, assistant professor of law, AIL, says, \"With the advancement of society, law has gained importance as one of the most favoured career choices. This is evident from the fact that there is high competition in the entrance exams.\"According to Rao, the preference for the five-year law course is more than the three-year postgraduate LLB course as it saves a year for students. Nishtha Jaswal, chairperson, department of laws, Panjab University, Chandigarh, says, \"The demand for legal professionals in the corporate world is making this profession more lucrative. Young law graduates are getting pay packages as good as the ones being offered at top management schools.\" Intellectual property law, cyber law, environmental law and taxation are the new favourites among students pursuing a law degree, says Jaswal.LEGAL HUBAhmedabad, Gujarat, offers diversified legal options and law is increasingly becoming a popular career choice among students. While the School of Law, Gujarat University, Ahmedabad, is a favourite among students, Gujarat National Law University in Gandhinagar comes a close second. Personalised interest and a multitude of study options, from diploma, degrees and online training to distance learning in law serve as major drivers for the city which is fast becoming a hub for legal education.- With inputs from Nishant Kumar and Parul Sood in Chandigarh; Renuka Rane in Hyderabad and Bindu Prashanth in Ahmedabad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12589868", "title": "Odisha police unhappy over prospect of releasing hardcore rebel", "text": "KORAPUT: Maoists' demand to release top rebel Chenda Bhusanam alias Ghasi in exchange of abducted MLA Jhina Hikaka has not gone down well with the police fraternity of the extremism-affected Koraput district from where the hardcore rebel was arrested in April 2011.\"Ghasi should not be released at any cost. Any move to release Ghasi will demoralize the security men engaged in counter insurgency operations. If such hardcore Naxals are arrested only to be released then anti-extremist operations must be stopped and Maoists be given a free hand to execute their offensives,\" said a police officer on condition of anonymity, who was a member of the team of 15 cops that nabbed Ghasi near Pendajam junction under Semiliguda police limits. A 9 mm pistol was recovered from Ghasi's possession at the time of arrest.Sources said, Ghasi, aged around 40 years, is presently lodged in Koraput jail. He was allegedly involved in around 100 cases, including 65 murders in Andhra Pradesh and Odisha. Police had managed to arrest the notorious rebel for the first time in the past 21 years, who rose through rebel ranks through successful offensives against police. The Andhra Pradesh government had announced a cash reward of Rs 10 lakh on the Andhra-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) cadre from Vishakapatnam district in Andhra Pradesh.\"Lots of intelligence work is done to arrest such hardcore rebels. We execute such operations by risking our lives. His release would pose a threat to our informers and also to our families. If government bows to Maoists pressure and releases Ghasi, police officers working in Koraput and Malkagniri districts would feel frustrated,\" the officer confided.Extending their deadline till April 10, Maoists have demanded the release of Ghasi and four Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh activists in return of the abducted legislator.Few days after Ghasi's arrest his wife Pushpa had laid down arms before Koraput police on April 26, 2011. The Andhra Pradesh government had declared a cash reward of Rs 2 lakh on Pushpa, who was an area committee member of the AOBSZC and used to carry a .303 gun prior to her surrender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589120", "title": "Criminal hacked to death", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have arrested two persons who hacked a repeat offender to death in Seven Wells on Sunday evening.Police said the murder was a fallout of enmity and launched a hunt for one more person in connection with the case.Police said K Janakiraman (25) of Padavettamman Koil Street in Kondithope was drinking with his friends Dileep, Guru and Giri when an argument broke out on Saturday night. On Sunday, around 3.15pm, Janakiraman was walking on a narrow lane near his house when the three men attacked him with a sickle. The victim, who suffered serious head injuries, died on the spot.\"The gang were thirsting for revenge and hacked him to death when he was alone,\" said an investigating officer. Police said Janakiraman was involved in more than 10 crime cases, including a murder case in Sevvapet against him. He was also booked under the Goondas Act on January 26 and was released on bail on April 6.Seven Wells police registered a case under Section 302 (murder) and arrested Dileep and Giri. Police are on the look out for Guru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12588914", "title": "More skeletons tumble out of liquor syndicate cupboards", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) officials produced six proxy liquor trade licencees of Vizianagaram district before the magistrate here on Sunday. They were sent to 14-day police remand. The remanded licencees are Reddy Kurma Naidu, S Durga Rao, S Gangadhara Rao, K Narayanappadu, V Srinivasa Rao and A Ramulu.ACB joint director Srinivasa Rao told newspersons that all the persons had white ration cards. The officials conducted investigation and interrogated several people from Vizianagaram in connection with the liquor syndicate case, he said. Seventeen persons were taken into custody by the ACB officials on Friday and Saturday. The ACB officials sought the help of civil supplies and revenue officials before arresting the accused persons. After the arrest of some of these benamis, others had gone underground and a few were even sent abroad by the syndicates.There are 220 liquor shops in Vizianagaram district. Of which, 117 shops are allegedly in the names of benamis. East Godavari has 555 liquor shops. The ACB officials are now verifying as to how many owners were white ration card holders. They have reportedly sought the help of the joint collector to speed up the process. During auctions, the offset price of all the liquor shops was pegged at about Rs 250 crore, but they were snapped up for a staggering Rs 520 crore, sources said. Of this, one shop at Vakalapudi was auctioned for Rs 3 crore. The district has 15 lakh families. Interestingly, the white ration card number is also 15 lakhs, sources said.Visakhapatnam district has 406 liquor shops and the civil supplies officers are busy verifying facts following orders from the civil supplies department. They have already found that two persons of the 26 shops verified had white ration cards. From Srikakulam, which has 236 shops, the ACB officials have arrested 11 people of four syndicates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12589618", "title": "Uttar Pradesh plans scheduled caste status for 17 OBC sub-castes", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government is gearing up to include 17 OBC sub-castes into the scheduled castes.A high-level committee headed by Uttar Pradesh chief secretary Jawed Usmani has sought details from the department of social welfare before issuing a notification in this regard. The circular from the UP chief secretary on March 28, too, speaks of the government's priorities, including the inclusion of 17 OBC sub-castes within the SC category.If the 17 OBC sub-castes move to the SC category, the SP benefits from votes of both the OBCs, whose space within the reservation system increases, and the sub castes, who get more opportunities as SCs. While the OBCs have 27% reservation, the SC/ST category has 22.5%. The move was one of SP's poll promises during the assembly elections.According to official sources, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav may even take up this issue at a meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in Delhi on April 16. The 17 sub-castes which the government wants included in the SC category are Kahar, Kashyap, Kewat, Nishad, Bind, Bhar, Prajapati, Rajbhar, Batham, Gaur, Tura, Majhi, Mallah, Kumhar, Dheemar and Machua.The move also marks the SP's strategy to consolidate the votes that drifted away following an overwhelming dominance of Yadavs over a period of time. The sub-castes proposed to be included in the SC category essentially constitute the most backward castes (MBCs) within the OBCs.The SP government in 2005 had amended the UP Public Services Act, 1994, to include as many as 17 castes from the OBCs in the SC category. But, since the power to declare any caste as 'scheduled' rests with the Centre, the then UP government's decision, taken without the Centre's consent, proved in fructuous. The Allahabad high court later quashed the decision, leaving these castes in the lurch.During his election campaign, Akhilesh Yadav had held a series of meeting with MBC leaders assuring them of their due share in politics if SP was voted to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12587799", "title": "Cong reveals 39-point development plan in its manifesto", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Congress stalwarts, guardian minister Sanjay Deotale and ex-MP Naresh Puglia on Sunday came together to release the Congress manifesto for Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) election. While party has claimed of already bringing development schemes worth over Rs100 crores for the town during its previous regime, it has vowed for 39-point development programme for the town celebrating its penta-centenary.\"CMC had a history of over 125 years. Its first civic chief was a Congressman. Now that Chandrapur has status of a corporation, we will see to it that its first Mayor is a Congressman,\" said Deotale, who is also minister for environment. He held that Chandrapur is blessed with the mineral wealth. Chandrapur is second city in Nagpur division to get the status of corporation, so a development on the lines of Nagpur city will follow, he assured.Naresh Puglia claimed that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who also holds the portfolio of urban development ministry, has announced a development fund of Rs250 crores to mark penta-centenary celebration of Chandrapur. \"CMC has recently received sum of Rs25 crores as first instalment out of Rs 250 crore fund. If voted to power, Congress will ensure that benefits of many more development schemes sponsored by central government come for Chandrapur town,\" he said.Congress has given 39-point development programme for Chandrapur town in its election manifesto for civic polls. Prominent commitments made in the manifesto are construction of Babupeth railway overbridge, development of Dikshabhoomi and construction of Barrister Rajabhau Khobragade memorial, construction of the Eidgah, renovation and modernization of district stadium and other playgrounds in the town, renovation of Maulana Azad garden and Rajiv Gandhi garden, development of roads and greenery on grounds of Nagpur city, public parking at key places, cleaning and deepening of Irai and Zarpat rivers, construction of bridge-cum-barrage on Irai river on Datala road and a bypass road from Hotle Tristar to Binba Gate.Congress has also claimed to bring underground sewage scheme (under construction), construction of new building for CMC, integrated housing and slum development programme, Dalit habitation development scheme collectively worth Rs100 crores. Similarly several development works and construction of roads are in progress under centrally-sponsored schemes, Swarnjayanti urban development scheme, minority dominated area development scheme etc in its manifesto. City congress president Gajanan Gawande, ZP member Vinod Ahirkar, Adv Avinash Thawri, Ashok Nagapure and Prakash Deotale were also present on the occasion.BoxSenior leaders to hold public ralliesNaresh Puglia claimed that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, ministers Nasim Khan, Balasaheb Thorat and Narayan Rane , Congress state president Manikrao Thakre will hold public rallies separately in coming days. Senior leaders such as EGS ministers Nitin Raut, state women president Kamlatai Vavhare and ex-deputy mayor of Ullhasnagar Jaya Sadwani are already in town busy canvassing for Congress candidates. Deotale held that disgruntled district Congress president Vinayak Bangde has been pacified and state president has been requested to deny his resignation from the post. Bangde had recently resigned from district president's post following his disputes with other senior leaders in ticket distribution of CMC polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594028", "title": "Dealing with your darling monster-in-law", "text": "They are mean and manipulative. Yet, even dealt with wisely, mother-in-laws make for a terrific company.So, you got married recently and do not know how to impress your mom-in-law or feel her tantrums too difficult to handle. Well it is but natural. Either you can laugh at your mother-in-law's tantrums and mood swings and say to yourself, 'Kyunki... Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi..' or you prepare yourself to come up with encounters that both of youcould enjoy.Here're things that you can look forward to:Kitchen politics. Why not?Well, every mom is over possessive about her kitchen. So, initial obedience can work wonders. Do not appreciate the way your mom cooks a particular recipe. Just try to eulogize her by giving her compliments even if you don't mean it. When in the kitchen ask about her neighbor's culinary skills. This will make her unravel tales and willlet the ice break between the two of you.Wardrobe basicsDo not make any sort of comment on your mother-in-law's wardrobe, or jewellery. Either it will lead to the assumption that you're eying her jewellery or sarees. Play it by ear. Do not showcase your wardrobe or jewelelry until being asked to.Cushy talesNo doubt you would like to give all the attention to your darling hubby. But do it carefully. Jealousy is one thing that comes natural to all moms who not only are protective but also possessive about their sons. If you want to cook something special then do it on a daywhen your in-laws are not around.Well, tread carefully and talk cautiously until you are sure your talent and your abilities are appreciated in the house. Do a little bit of ego massaging now and then. That will help you nonetheless to be in her good books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595947", "title": "Nikhil Dwivedi not apologetic about Hate Story's sexual content", "text": "Actor Nikhil Dwivedi is gung-ho about his upcoming film ' Hate Story', which has become the much talked-about one these days for its nudity and bold scenes done by lead actress Paoli Dam .Ask Nikhil about the response and he says, \"The response to all promos, have been phenomenal and overwhelming. In fact it has got a sort of record of viewership on the Internet as well. Thus, we're hopeful about the film doing good particularly after putting in so much of hard work.\" Ask Nikhil about his role and he reveals, \"I can't speak much about my role but it's a thriller and let it unfold on it's on. All I can say is that my role is the only positive one in the whole film, because there is some kind of negativity and a grey shade in every body's role. But my role only has a positive angle. Moreover, I'm glad to work with Vikram Bhatt as many not know that I was to do my debut with him.\"With lot of nudity in the film, it's said to be not for children? \"Yes, it's an erotic thriller and not for children, but hats off to our director Vivek Agnihotri that he shot all bold scenes in an aesthetic way. You'll be shocked while watching the film but you'll not be uncomfortable on your seats. Thus, we are not apologetic about the film having high sexual content, nor it's cheap or below the belt. One just needs some kind of sensibility and maturity to watch the film and I hope adults will have that kind of ability to know that it's an erotic thriller,\"\" says he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12591965", "title": "Indian shepherd to return from Saudi Arabia after 18 years", "text": "DUBAI: An Indian man, who went to work in Saudi Arabia as a shephard in 1994 but could never return as his sponsor withheld his salary and did not allow him a vacation, is finally set to return home following intervention of the local police.P Periyaswamy from Mangalamedu Talukin Perambalur district of Tamil Nadu , even tried to commit suicide during the 18 years he spent working as a shepherd in Saudi Arabia.He had arrived in Hail region of Saudi Arabia to work as a shepherd in 1994, just a year after his marriage.According to officials at the Indian Consulate in Jeddah, all these years he never fought for his right to go home but tried to commit suicide once.The matter was brought to the attention of the local police and the governor by a good-hearted Saudi citizen who learnt of his plight.Following complaint, the Saudi sponsor was arrested and ordered to pay the dues and air ticket to Periyasamy.The man is now under the care of Al Shamli police authorities, which have been instructed by the governor's office to make arrangements for his immediate repatriation and payment of his dues.Since he does not have any travel document, he has been issued an emergency certificate (Outpass) by the consulate.The consulate is also making efforts to locate Periyaswamy's family in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587709", "title": "Arvind Mahila College to have commerce block", "text": "PATNA: Sri Arvind Mahila College, the oldest college for girls under Magadh University in the state capital, will have a separate commerce block soon. The state government has sanctioned Rs 50 lakh to the college against its proposal of Rs 2 crore for the purpose.College principal Asha Singh said that this college would be developed as a centre of excellence in commerce education for girls. The college has already been imparting teaching in commerce from intermediate to three-year degree honours stage and is going to introduce post-graduate course in commerce from the forthcoming session (2012-13).The proposed building for commerce would be constructed over an area of 10,500 square feet and it would have an independent modern library, seminar hall and multi-media facility. The foundation stone of this block would be laid on April 24, she said.The college is developing a sports complex on the college premises located at Kazipur. The UGC has sanctioned Rs 65 lakh for construction of a stadium and a cafeteria for girls, besides lighting the entire complex. The cafeteria would be located just beneath the stadium. The college sports ground is also being developed at a cost of Rs 13 lakh sanctioned by the department of art, culture and youth affairs. The construction of the boundary wall of the college has been completed at an estimated cost of Rs 35 lakh donated by R K Dhawan from MPLAD fund. Besides, a new state-of-the art library has also been constructed from the MPLAD fund.A new administrative block of the college for housing its office has been constructed with the financial aid of Rs 25 lakh received from the UGC during college's golden jubilee year in 2011. A 120-seat girls' hostel has also been constructed at an estimated cost of Rs 1 crore sanctioned by the UGC. The hostel would be allotted to the girls once its furnishing is completed, said the principal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12589927", "title": "Saif to urge for organ donation", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The next time you see actor Saif Ali Khan on TV endorsing the cause of liver donation, you can fell proud that there is a city connect to it. This move has been initiated following a campaign on organ donations started at PGI recently.In an informal meeting with the actor, Dr R K Dhiman, a consultant at PGI's hepatology department, said he had given his consent to promote the liver donation programme. Prior to this, the department had roped in the Olympics shooting winner Abhinav Bindra. After Aishwarya's pledging of her eyes and Wasim Akram\"s open announcement of living normally with diabetes and Saif's campaign for TB cure, he is rallying the cause of liver donation. \"At a chance meeting at an airport, I invited Saif for the cause and he readily agreed. If celebrities encourage such programmes, the information is disseminated widely,\" said Dhiman.Besides this, painting competitions in all the city schools and colleges and a run-for-fun to encourage liver donations are also on the anvil. \"Due to society's lack of awareness there is a huge gap between the demand and supply of liver,\" said PGI director Yogesh Chawla.Every year there are 2,00,000 end-stage liver diseases, but only 2,000 liver transplants have been performed in the country so far. To overcome this gap, the PGI is working on various other campaigns, including a driving licence form programme. \"Those who are willing to donate organs can fill in their willingness in a separate column of the licence application. This request from the PGI has been approved by the deputy commissioner recently. Soon the city will have driver\"s licences expressing that whether a person wishes to be a donor or not,\" said UT DIG Alok Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12596786", "title": "Experts warn of huge job cuts in telecom sector", "text": "NEW DELHI: The potential job losses in the Indian telecom industry are \"enormous\" in the wake of 2G licence cancellations and many of the affected entities have started trimming their workforce, according to HR experts.\"Most of the companies whose 2G licences were cancelled are reducing their workforce. This is happening at all levels Only people at key strategic positions are being retained...,\" HR firm TeamLease Services General Manager (Services) Madhubala Vaidyanathan said.The Supreme Court in February cancelled as many as 122 licences for 2G spectrum, a move that has resulted in uncertainty in the fast-growing telecom sector.\"Potential job loss is quite enormous as the telecom industry was supposed to have provided thousands of jobs which would have done good for the economy,\" Vaidyanathan said.Executive search firm GlobalHunt's Director Sunil Goel said that there could be potential job losses by looking at local market scenario for the telecom space.However, hospitality, FMCG, financial services and banking \"would be resource grabbing industries for ideal surplus resources from sales and marketing, customer service areas,\" Goel added.Another executive search firm Spearhead InterSearch MD Jyorden Misra said new telecom companies that had hired actively to support their anticipated operational scale up, are facing the unexpected scenario of licence cancellations.\"This has brought an abrupt halt to any hiring plans in the offing...,\" he noted.Further, Misra said existing companies have been adopting \"cost rationalisation and efficiency optimisation approach\" resulting in modest increments and moderate hiring plans.Telecom industry, one of the sunrise industry, was considered a major job creator for the economy. Experts noted that there is enough talent pool available for the telecom sector.\"There is more supply of skilled and trained resources than demand in the market...,\" Goel said.Noting that telecom industry is presently going through a tough phase, Goel pointed out that consolidation and right sizing are expected in the telecom industry for next one year.\"Demand should surge again once everything stabilises, including options for overseas opportunities where there is huge demand for Indian telecom professionals,\" he said.Morever, the telecom equipment and infrastructure companies are feeling the heat.\"The telecom equipment companies were looking at negative growth in 2011 and 2012 would not be any better. Since there is drop in sales and revenue, manpower layoffs would be a factor of it and is expected,\" Vaidyanathan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12587819", "title": "Act against terrorists if you want peace: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Sunday reacted positively to Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari's fresh bid for normalization of ties, but made it clear that Pakistan would have to take substantive steps on terrorism for peace to break out among the nuclear-armed neighbours. In a closed-door meeting, PM Manmohan Singh made it clear to Zardari that Pakistan would be tested by its actions against the Mumbai attacks' perpetrators.The PM specifically referred to LeT chief Hafiz Saeed in this context, making it clear that India had not changed its bottom-lines so far as its demand for concrete action against terrorism is concerned. Briefing journalists later, foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said the two leaders discussed the problem of terrorism, which is a major issue by which the Indian people will judge progress in the bilateral relationship.\"PM told President Zardari that it was imperative to bring the perpetrators of the Mumbai attack to justice, and prevent activities aimed against India from Pakistani soil. In this context, PM also mentioned the activities of Hafiz Saeed.\" Expectedly, Zardari referred the matter back to the two governments. However, Zardari also said that Saeed had been arrested several times but the courts released him every time for lack of evidence. He asked India to provide evidence against Saeed.Zardari raised the issue of J&K;, leading the PM to say that steps for resolution of the dispute will have to move in tandem with what Islamabad does to meet India's concerns about terrorism. The two agreed that issue of terrorism will be taken up along with disputes over Siachen and Sir Creek during the coming meeting of home secretaries.The absence of UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi from the lunch was felt acutely. No official reason was given for her absence, leading analysts to remark that she may have been distancing herself from a potentially risky initiative. Pakistan analyst B Raman said her absence showed that the PM's diplomatic initiative will have to be tempered with public opinion.\"With her absence, she has compelled Manmohan Singh to rein in his enthusiasm, because they are not sure how such an initiative will be received by the people of India. As political head of the Congress party, I think she is wary of getting into another Sharm-el Sheikh position,\" Raman said.Former special secretary in RAW Rana Banerji agreed, saying, \"Her absence is significant.\"Despite the positive vibes on display, the outcome conformed to the government's own sober assessment that the Zardari visit could be best described as \"what you saw was what you got\". Both sides reiterated their stated positions and the PM refused to be pinned to a date for a return visit. Read along with Mathai's comments, this signified that the visit would happen only after certain well-established benchmarks are met. G Parthasarathy, former envoy to Pakistan, described the visit as \"much ado about nothing\".Emerging from the meeting, the PM and Zardari made brief statements to the press. Singh said, \"President Zardari has invited me to visit Pakistan. I would be very happy to visit Pakistan on a mutually convenient date.\" Just a couple of weeks ago, Singh told Pakistani PM Yousuf Raza Gilani in Seoul that he would go to Pakistan when they had achieved \"something solid\".Explaining that there was no qualitative change in the PM's stand, foreign office sources said that though there was no dossier given, the PM was very clear that Pakistan would have to take steps to bring the Mumbai attackers to justice. \"This is important for the Indian people,\" they said.Mathai quoted the PM as being appreciative of the movement by Pakistan on trade-related issues. \"Both leaders felt that we should tap into the considerable potential of bilateral economic and trade ties. The issue has been discussed by the commerce ministers and commerce secretaries, and there is a way forward which has already been identified.\"Home secretaries will be meeting in the coming few weeks, when they are expected to ink a visa liberalization agreement that will benefit businessmen from both countries.Although this was a private visit, Zardari was accorded all the dignity and pomp of a full state visit, with parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal in attendance as minister-in-waiting to Zardari. Zardari's personal aircraft and a second official aircraft landed at Palam just before noon. After greeting officials at the airport, Zardari, accompanied by his son Bilawal, headed straight for the PM's residence.After a 40-minute one-on-one conversation between the PM and Zardari, a six-member Pakistani delegation joined a high powered Indian team for lunch. The PM's delegation included ministers S Krishna, P Chidambaram and AK Antony, national security adviser Shivshankar Menon, leader of opposition Sushm Swaraj, LK Advani, PM's special envoy for AfPak SK Lambah, Rahul Gandhi etc. Pulok Chatterjee, principal secretary to the PM, was not there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590536", "title": "Tainted company got blacklisted in Goa before", "text": "LUCKNOW: Shimnit Utsch India Pvt Ltd, the company in the centre of controversy over high security registration plates in UP, has chosen to maintain silence on the issue. The marketing staff of the firm, refusing to part with the contact number of the firm's owner or anybody who can talk to the media, does not forget to ask the latest details on the firm's contract in Uttar Pradesh.It is not the first time that the firm has got its HSRP contract cancelled. Goa had cancelled it in 2010. The 2010 report prepared by the high-powered committee (copy of which is with TOI), into the allegations about the way contract was awarded by the Goa transport department to the said firm, shows how the department first issued a letter of intent to the firm in March 2006, then issued a show cause notice in October 2006 over suppression and misrepresentation of facts, and again revalidated the tender and restored the letter of intent in September 2007, after the company submitted some \"fresh facts\".The high-powered committee, in its report, said, \"Not only the tender process was vitiated, but the company also changed the Joint Venture agreement without seeking government permission. The Indian partner, and the founding member of Shimnit Utsch India Pvt Ltd, Nitin G Shah was facing criminal charges at the time of awarding of the contract, when Government of India in 2006 had notified that persons with criminal background be kept away from the tendering process.\"The tainted firm is carrying out the fitment work in north-eastern states already. Since, NE states are the first to implement the scheme, it was doing it for these states, and it is the only firm which has experience in fitment of HSRP. Not only UP introduced the 'one-year experience' in tender, Andhra Pradesh also introduced the same condition in its contract. Andhra has four bidders, Shimnit Utsch India Pvt Ltd is one of them. It was in March 2012, that AP went ahead with tendering process for manufacturing and fitting the plates in vehicles, after the Supreme Court ruling.Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) officers said that they did not introduce the 'one-year experience' condition mid-way, like UP did. \"We put it right at the start of the tendering process,\" said Srinivasan, special officer, project, APSRTC. State transport departments emphasise that deciding the terms and conditions of the contract is totally their responsibility, and hence they can introduce specific conditions. Asked about the cost of the plates in the state, official said it will be known once financial bids are opened.The Association of Plate Manufacturers in India had been crying foul over the terms and conditions being tailor-made to serve business interests of a class of manufacturers having foreign collaboration and for a cartel of companies. However, none of them is ready to talk about how the tainted company flouted norms, not even Celex Technologies, on whose petition Allahabad High Court scrapped the contract in UP.Shimnit Utsch India Pvt Ltd was formed after the Centre mandated fitment of high security registration plates in vehicles in 2001. It is a joint venture with a German firm, Utsch AG. The joint venture was formalised on April 7, 2001. Utsch AG of Germany is more than a 40-year-old and is a world leader in manufacturing and supplying of HSRPThe legal department of UP twice questioned the JV of the firm, but gave a go-ahead, the third time. Allahabad High Court pulled up the law department for the same in its order, by observing that \"law department of the State of UP has changed its opinion for the reasons best known to it.\"The circular of Ministry of Home Affairs, reveals that Nitin Shah was owner of Shimnit Machine Tools and Equipment Ltd., and being disqualified and convicted, he floated Shimnit Utsch India Pvt Ltd. He has also been instrumental in floating two front companies, M/s Real Industries Ltd and M/s Tojies Eastern Security Technologies Pvt Ltd. \"Company bids through its cartel in different states, and one of them bags the contract, keeping others at bay,\" said sources. In Rajasthan, the contract might go to one of the firms from the cartel, said sources.It is because of several litigations filed, over the last 10 years that implementation of the scheme has got delayed in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12589440", "title": "Frenchwoman's death: Kashmiri businessman held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after a 34-year-old French woman was found dead at a Paharganj hotel in central Delhi, police on Sunday morning arrested a Kashmiri from Srinagar, where he had reportedly fled, for the alleged murder. He has been brought to the capital on transit remand.Police said Laurine was last seen with the suspect, believed to be in his early thirties. He reportedly fled to Srinagar after her death.Preliminary investigations indicated Laurine was strangled. Sources claimed she had bled from the nose. But police were not sure of the cause of death as she had probably died four days before the body was found.A post mortem was conducted on Sunday and doctors have preserved the viscera to further examine the cause of death.Police produced Ahmed before a magistrate who sent him to judicial custody for a day. \"We will take his police custody on Monday and then question him about the motive ,\" said ACP (central) Devesh Chandra Srivastava.Sources told TOI a bottle of beer had been found from the room which suggests Ahmed may have been drinking before the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596047", "title": "Ishaqzaade is one of the most promising debut film: The makers", "text": "According to the latest buzz, Yash Raj Films have preponed the most-awaited release of the year, Ishaqzaade to May 11, worldwide.According to a statement, released by the production house, the makers say, \"With Ferrari ki Sawaarimoving to a later date and the IPL crunch matches kicking in from the 18th, this shift will give ISHAQZAADE a better window for release\". The film written and directed by Habib Faisal and produced by Aditya Chopra , will see the launch of Arjun Kapoor along with Parineeti Chopra , in lead roles. The story unfolds in the often unrealistic and daunting political confines of rural India. The spokesperson, are confident that the film will be able to hold its own during the IPL season as well. \" For the first time we have a big and important film for the industry choosing to release during IPL. Ishaqzaade is one of the most promising debutant film of 2012. In fact the theatrical trailer of Ishaqzaadestarted trending on Twitter and Facebook within couple of hours,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12589582", "title": "Jewellers look to govt on customs duty cut", "text": "INDORE: Though the Centre agreed to roll back the proposal to impose excise duty on non-branded jewelleries in the Union budget, it is adamant on the customs duty on jewellery items, which was doubled to 4% from 2%. Again, there is no clarity over a host of other demands raised by the jewellers during their 21-day nation-wide strike.It seems a clear picture will be out only when the second budget session of Parliament begins on April 24 even as the gold merchants are looking to the government for redressing their problems.Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee instructed all commissioners not to take any cases against any jewellery establishments. Any notices issued till date will also be set aside and no action shall be taken, the FM assured the representatives of the jewellers' associations in New Delhi recently.However, the FM has made it clear that the customs duty on imported raw materials for manufacture of jewellery, which was recently doubled to 4%, can't be amended.In fact, the jewellers have also agreed that they will not press the FM for reduction in customs duty, according to Vikas Chudasama, secretary general, All India Gems and Jewellery Trade Federation ( GJF).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12590060", "title": "Ajmer district administration goofs up while issuing passes during Zardari's visit", "text": "JAIPUR:The Ajmer district administration has goofed-up in issuing the entry passes to Dargah Dewan, hereditary staff members and Shiekh Zadgan members during the visit of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari on Sunday. These bodies alleged that the administration have broken the centuries' old custom by preventing their visit inside the shrine.The administration has also raised serious security issues by issuing passes to two locals who are not qualified to enter the shrine during the president's visit. Two locals who claimed to be reporters entered the shrine with valid passes issued by the district magistrate leading to a breach of security. As per the ministry of external affairs report, no reporters are to be allowed inside the shrine.Breaking the centuries' old tradition, dargah dewan Syed Zainual Aabedin didn't turned up to receive the Pak president at the main gate as he was not given a pass valid for entire the dargah.The dargah committee had sought six passes from the district administration for the hereditary staff members for performing various ceremonies during the visit. Megha Chaudhary, SDM, Ajmer who was in-charge of the issuing passes has blamed ADM city Jagdish Purohit who later refused to comment on the issue.The district administration has refused to give any explanation on this issue. \"I have just issued passes on the names forwarded by the DM Manju Rajpal, said Chaudhary. DM Rajpal but was unavailable for comments. Muzaffar Bharti, secretary of the Maurasi Amla (hereditary staff) said it is a deliberate attempt to interfere in the internal affairs of the shrine ceremonies that took place during the visit of nation heads.Despite permission sought by the dargah committee, no pass was issued passed to its members and it is a serious matter, Bharti said. Shiekh Zulfiqar Chisthy strongly objected to the issue of two passes issued by the district authorities as against 11 passes usually issued as per the tradition. \"I condemn this act. This is sheer violation of our religious rights,\" he said.The hereditary staff is appointed by emperor Akbar for performing duties in various religious ceremonies. The emperor had allotted many villages to the hereditary staff around Ajmer to meet the living expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587318", "title": "Paswan for CBI probe into DC bills", "text": "PATNA: LJP national president Ram Vilas Paswan on Saturday demanded CBI investigation into the non-submission to AG, Bihar, of Detailed Contingency (DC) bills related to Rs 22,575.37 crore drawn through Abstract Contingency (AC) bills between 2002-03 and 2010-11, and other financial irregularities in the state. He said the CAG report had revealed financial mismanagement in the state.Paswan said an LJP delegation would meet the President, Prime Minister and the Bihar governor to seek CBI probe into the matter. He said the LJP and Dalit Sena would take this matter to people at the district, block and panchayat level in phases from April 13, when it would hold demonstrations at the district level across the state, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589209", "title": "Armed forces tribunal sets aside soldier\u2019s dismissal", "text": "CHENNAI: The regional bench of the armed forces tribunal ( AFT) here has quashed the dismissal of a soldier, who had been discharged from service on the ground of desertion. The bench, setting aside the dismissal order, however, asked the soldier, G J Rama Subba Reddy, to report to his unit and face court martial.Reddy, hailing from Andhra Pradesh, joined the Indian Army as a soldier on February 25, 2002. He went on leave from April 7 to May 8, 2008. However, as his father-in-law suffered a heart attack, Reddy could not report to his unit after the leave expired on May 8, 2008. Instead, he requested an extension of leave till June 9, 2008. When he returned to his unit on June 9, he was not allowed to enter the premises, and his identity card was taken away from him. Reddy was subsequently listed as a 'deserter' for his failure to report for duty on May 9, 2008.Even as Reddy approached the high court of Andhra Pradesh challenging the order of discharge on the ground of desertion, he was dismissed from service in 2011.Setting aside the dismissal order, the bench of Justice A C Arumugaperumal Adityan, member-judicial and Lt Gen (retd) H S Panag observed that passing an order of dismissal, while a case was still pending, that too without taking any steps to secure him even after knowing that he was alive, was illegal and against the principles of natural justice. The dismissal order, hence, was liable to be set aside, the bench ordered.It, however, directed Reddy to appear before the senior record officer of the Maratha Light Infantry at Belgaum so as to enable the authorities to take him to the unit and to proceed against him under Section 39 (b) of the Army Act, 1950, before court martial as per the rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12589626", "title": "Rebels ask villagers to boycott Andhra, Chhattisgarh cadres", "text": "KORAPUT: Police found some posters in Rayagada district on Sunday, purportedly written by a splinter Maoist group, cautioning villagers against allowing Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh cadre Maoists into their territory.It came close on the heels of the alleged faction feud between Sabyasachi Panda-led Orissa State Organising Committee (OSOC) and Telugu cadre-dominated Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) coming to fore following the twin abductions of the two Italians (by the Panda group) and BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka (by AOBSZC) recently.\"Maoists from Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh torture Odisha cadres. They come to your villages for their own benefit and not to listen to your problems. They are outsiders, don't allow them in your villages,\" the posters read.The pro-Maoist posters recovered by police from Telengapadar area under Muniguda police limit were signed by Maoist leader Nikhil, secretary of Bansadhara division.\"The posters allege an apathetic attitude by Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh Maoist leaders towards Odisha Maoists. We are verifying the authenticity of the letter and keeping a watch on the developments,\" said Muniguda sub-divisional police officer Suresh Kumar Jena.The OSOC operates in the jungles of Rayagada, Kandhamal and Gajapati districts. Condemning the killing of a sub-inspector in Malkangiri district and abduction of the Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka recently, OSOC secretary Sabyasachi Panda alias Sunil had admitted to fissures within Maoist ranks.Panda had blamed the AOBSZC for violating his call for ceasefire, while promising a halt in rebel violence in Kandhamal, Gajapati, Ganjam and Rayagada districts under OSOC.\"If the infighting in the Maoist ranks continues, it may further jeopardize the hostage crisis in the state. Both groups will try to show their supremacy and create problems for the state,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "model town extention", "code": "12589886", "title": "Driver arrested for Rs 46 Lakh theft", "text": "MODEL TOWN EXTENTION: Police solved the robbery of gold and diamond ornaments worth Rs 46 lakh and some cash from the residence of Munish Gupta of Model Town extension with the arrest of his driver Harnek Singh, 30, who had been working with the family for last eight years. DCP Ashish Chaudhary said the accused confessed to have robbed 14 gold 'kara', a diamond 'kara', 7 gold bangles, 5 gold rings, 5 diamond rings, 8 gold necklaces, 14 gold chains, 4 sets of diamond tops, 65 pieces of gold earrings, a gold string of beads, 2 diamond 'mangalsutra', 30 pieces of gold tops and 2 gold bracelets along with his brother Kulwant Singh. Police recovered the jewellery along with Rs 76,000 cash.The driver robbed the house on April 6 when Gupta was returning from Hong Kong. He dropped the family for dinner at the market and returned to execute the plan with his brother. Harnek then went to the restaurant to pick up Guptas. During interrogation, he revealed the robbed valuables were buried at a place in Dugri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596511", "title": "Jannat 2", "text": "CreditsDirector: Kunal DeshmukhCast: Emraan Hashmi, Esha Gupta, Randeep Hooda, Imran ZahidBanner: Vishesh Films, Fox Star StudiosRelease Date: May 4, 2012Character SketchEmraan Hashmi as Sonu Dilli (KKC)Sonu Dilli is a street-smart hustler, a combination of guts, charm, his smarts and luck. His nickname, given by his closest friend and partner Balli, is 'Kutti Kameeni Cheez' - which encapsulates his personality. He is a cheeky yet loyal and charming rogue who has never done an honest day's work in his life and usually puts himself first and can turn the tables on the toughest gangster to score a good deal and a quick buck. He sells locally made and produced guns for a living to whomever he can and however he can. Cop Pratap Raghuvanshi and Sonu Dilli KKC share an unlikely partnership which Sonu Dilli agrees to in quest of his personal heaven - the girl - Jhanvi.Jhanvi, a woman who forces him to realize the consequences of his actions and start working for others instead of himself. He is loyal and faithful to her, but forced to make a choice which will change his life forever.Randeep Hooda as Pratap RaghuvanshiACP Pratap Raghuvanshi is a man who is living with the ghost of his past, and a man with a vendetta that goes beyond merely upholding justice. His motives partially come from scars of a past life that he carries with him as a deliberate burden. He is a hard-bitten, tough as nails cop. He will stop at nothing to achieve his ultimate goal, of ridding North India of the local gun trade menace which prevails. In Sonu, he finds a convenient and unlikely partner. Theirs is a marriage of convenience and of opposites, and a relationship which progresses to the point of Pratap acknowledging what Sonu has taught him and vice versa.Esha Gupta as Jhanvi TomarJhanvi is the soul of the film Jannat 2. She is the only person, whom Sonu Dilli encounters, who has no hidden agenda, who lives life in pure and clear honest terms. She works as a doctor at a local hospital, raising funds to prevent the hospital from being bought and taken over. She lives her life as a simple, middle class girl. However, she is no pushover, she has strong principles which she expects Sonu to adhere to and she is not afraid to stand up for what she wants. Sonu makes an effort to change who he is for her, but he finds out that old habits die hard and their past will catch up with both of themSynopsisJannat 2 is a tumultuous rollercoaster journey of Sonu Dilli (Emraan Hashmi) and an angst ridden cop (Randeep Hooda) set against the murky underbelly of the gun trade.One ordinary man, Sonu's (Emraan Hashmi) quest for his personal heaven creates hell for all around him until with the help of a cop Pratap (Randeep Hooda), he breaks away from it all and does something extraordinary to make things better for the greater good of the community.Sonu is a smooth talking street-smart gun runner, who has the gift of the gab and knows his trade inside out.ACP Pratap is a hardened maverick cop, who has a personal vendetta against the gun nexus. He will go to any lengths to crack down this nexus and expose everybody involved in the illegal gun trade.Sonu falls in love with a beautiful young doctor Jhanvi (Esha Gupta), along his journey and that throws his life's course into a tailspin with unforeseen and far-reaching consequences for all 3 of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12588987", "title": "57 people taken into preventive custody", "text": "HYDERABAD: Fifty-seven persons were taken into preventive custody by police following communal clashes in the Old City on Sunday. Though curfew was clamped in Saidabad and Madannapet police station limits, students attending SSC exams and examination centre staff posted in these areas will be exempted from restrictions.Among those in custody included Moulana Naseeruddin of Saidabad. Police said he was picked up to check further trouble in the curfew-bound areas.According to sources, police had taken only those into custody who were caught during the stone-pelting incidents at various places in Saidabad and had nothing to do with the desecration incident, which triggered communal clashes.Till Sunday evening, the entire city police machinery was busy dousing the communal fire. Later in the night, Task Force sleuths picked up half-a-dozen suspects from various places in the Old City and began interrogating then to get some leads into the incident of desecration of the place of worship.\"Some people have been nabbed for indulging in violence, but we have not yet nabbed anyone with regard to the conspiracy. Right now, the focus is on containing violence. Once it is under control, we will try to zero in on the conspirators,\" a Task Force officer said.Ruling out the involvement of any particular organisation behind the desecration incident, intelligence sources said the attack could be a manifestation of pent-up anger among certain sections of the population.\"In the last few months, there were three major religious rallies in the city which further widened the communal divide. In this context, we suspect that the desecration of the place of worship was the result of the increased animosity towards the other community,\" an officer said.Following the recent communal clashes in Sangareddy in neighbouring Medak district, intelligence sleuths received inputs about some individuals trying to create communal trouble in the city, but heavy police presence had deterred them from coming on to the streets. Some suspects located in Saidabad and Moghulpura areas have already been taken into custody for questioning to get some leads.Following the communal clashes, the constable recruitment test to be held at three centres in the city on Monday has been indefinitely postponed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589397", "title": "Man punches infant daughter", "text": "BANGALORE: He believed that he had to be compensated if his wife gave birth to a baby girl. When his wife and her parents failed to pay the Rs1 lakh he demanded, the man tried to punch his child to death.Umar Farroq, a resident of Kushalnagar off Tannery Road and car painter by profession, is on the run with KG Halli police looking out for him after he allegedly tried to kill his two-month-old infant daughter in his residence. His wife Reshma Bhanu has lodged cases of dowry harassment and attempt to murder against him.Reshma told police that Umar had ordered her to bring him Rs 1 lakh if she delivered a baby girl. \"The couple was married in December 2010 and Reshma gave birth to baby girl in first week of February. Umar repeatedly scolded her, asking her to bring Rs 1 lakh,\" police said. But things turned nasty on Friday. \"Reshma was feeding the baby when Umar snatched her from behind and punched on her face. Neighbours rushed and shifted the infant to Bowring Hospital, from where she was shifted to Vani Vilas Hospital,\" police said. The baby is under observation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12589302", "title": "Breeding Bloodlines", "text": "Two legendary stallions - Razeen from Usha Stud Farm, and Placerville from Poonawalla Stud Farm - stepped up the quality of bloodstock in India, and following a relaxation in the import policy of horses a few years ago, Indian breeders brought in top stallions and broodmares with good English and European bloodlines. The stock at premier farms got better, and big buyers are willing to pay. Breeders are always looking to improve their stock, raising the bar for the Indian horse.In the past two years alone, 25 top stallions and a record 450 mares came to India, and the new crop is generating much interest, confirming the breeding boom. The yearlings emerging from Poonawalla and Usha stud farms fetch the best prices. After Placerville, its first progeny Ace brought joy to the famed stud, while China Visit is consistently throwing out classic youngsters. The strike rate of Burden Of Proof from Kunigal Stud Farm is exemplary and now, the first foals of Admiral Of The Fleet are generating good interest among big buyers.Kunigal dates back to TipuMysore ruler Tipu Sultan first identified Kunigal to breed horses for his cavalry. The British continued breeding operations, and brought in a couple of Arab stallions to breed horses for their regiment, and imported the first thoroughbred stallion Pero Gomez in 1886. After the Gomez progeny made a mark, the British imported a couple of English mares and Kunigal became a major destination for quality breeding.After Independence, the Mysore Maharaja continued breeding operations in this small town, 70km from Bangalore, before the government gave it to Bangalore Turf Club, which produced Same Again, the first Indian classic winner.Vijay Mallya procured the 450-acre heritage farm from Bangalore Turf Club on a 30-year lease in 1992.Mallya imported Bold Russian and his talented son Saddle Up put India and Kunigal on the international map, winning the Tinku Gold Cup in Malaysia and a couple of races in Singapore , before he was declared Best Asian Horse outside Japan, and Adler winning a race in USA.The Mallya think-tank roped in famous Irish stallion Burden Of Proof for new quality bloodstock, and made a mark at all premier Indian racing centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12589318", "title": "City restaurants to down shutters today", "text": "KOCHI: All restaurant operators in the city will remain closed, protesting against the 100% price hike of commercial LPG cylinders within a year, on Monday.Under the banner of Kerala Hotel and Restaurant Association (KHRA), restaurants operators are observing a protest against the increase in price from Rs 800 to Rs 1,796 in one year.\"The increase is more than 100%. It has become difficult to run restaurants without the Centre coming forward with a special tariff or measure to ease the difficulty. This is a token protest and will be observed only in the city. Further measures will be adopted after our annual state committee meeting on April 22,\" said KHRA general secretary Jose Mohan.The price rise of commercial cylinders is not in tandem with the rise in petrol or diesel prices. The public isn't aware of this, and restaurants can't increase rates accordingly, says Jose. Around three lakh people in Kerala depend on the restaurant industry, with more than 1.25 lakh of them directly dependent on it for food.This is not an industry that can be closed down for a prolonged period. This is to point out to the public that we are facing a difficult time, he adds. Since a good part of the population is dependent on this industry, government should take steps to reduce commercial cylinder prices to match domestic cylinder prices, KHRA has demanded. Domestic LPG cylinder is at present priced at around Rs 420. While KHRA has a membership of more than 10 lakh in Kerala, only half of them are active members and will take part in the protests, says Jose.While restaurants are to remain closed, the association won't try to deter any hotels from serving minimal food, so as to avoid hardship to visitors, says K M Abdulla, district president of KHRA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594297", "title": "Ameesha Patel tries to get close to Yuvraj Singh?", "text": "Actress Ameesha Patel seems to be bowled over by Yuvraj Singh...The last we heard of an actress-cricketer pairing was when Anushka Sharma was linked with Suresh Raina, only recently. However, Anushka shouted herself hoarse not only denying the rumour but also claiming not to know him at all.Ameesha Patel is the next damsel to be linked with a sportsman in recent times. It is heard that Yuvraj Singh and she have been close friends so much so that he organised some World Cup tickets for her last year.Now, we hear, the actress is frequenting London just to keep a check on Yuvraj's health and has been spending a lot of time with the cricketer who is abroad for treatment. Well, it's a good thing if this duo has found love in these testing times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12589803", "title": "IRCTC decides to rope in private and government educational institutes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Railway's effort to hard sell its tourism packages in Odisha seems to have been derailed. After over six months of the Indian Railways Catering and Tourism Corporation Ltd (IRCTC), a subsidiary of the Indian Railways, and state-run Orissa tourism development corporation (OTDC) signing an MoU to explore tourism potential of the state and other regions in the country, not a single rail tour package has been sold till date.As per the agreement signed on September 20, 2011 at Bhubaneswar, the IRCTC floated 10 rail tour packages connecting Bhubaneswar with a host of enchanting tourist destinations like Tirupati, Jaipur, Goa and Kanyakumari in the country, sources said.\"Customers are inquiring about the packages but nobody has so far purchased any of the packages,\" said OTDC marketing manager Alok Mishra. According to the agreement, OTDC was to sell rail tour packages and IRCTC was to promote and sell OTDC products through its website. \"Both OTDC and IRCTC were to take care of the guests and provide transport facility and accommodations,\" Mishra said.IRCTC's group general manager (tourism, east zone), Amlan Kumar Biswas said he would discuss the matter with OTDC authorities to find out what is going wrong with selling the packages. Biswas said the packages have been well designed for tourists hard-pressed for time as also those looking for a break. \"IRCTC arranges full trains, coaches as well as reserved berths in regular trains depending on the inflow of customers,\" he said.Meanwhile, IRCTC has decided to rope in private and government educational institutes in Odisha to woo students with its rail tour packages. \"We have been receiving tremendous response from schools and colleges in other states. Students in large numbers are availing of our packages for study tour and leisure trips,\" Biswas said.When asked about the progress of its proposed Rail Ratna budget hotel in Bhubaneswar, Biswas said, \"A fresh tender would be floated, as applicants during previous tender failed to comply with the conditions.\" The Railways in 2006 had chosen Bhubaneswar and Puri besides 98 other cities in the country to set up the Rail Ratna chain of budget hotels near railway stations for tourists and rail passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594563", "title": "Mysterious entrant in Yahaaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli", "text": "Rajshri's Yahaaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli will see a mysterious looking man enter the show. Abha who is getting intuitions, is sure that there is something inauspicious in store for her family. She is worried, as she does not know who will be in trouble. But she is sure that all the events are associated with the mystery man she has been seeing in her dreams, who has a tonsured head with a deep scar.Abha, was warned by her guruji that the number \"7\" in her kundali might create problems for her. Abha has also been seeing a mystique Blue Buddha statue in her dreams and she knows that the there is some connection between the mysterious man and the Buddha statue. Now the task on Abha's hand is to find the association and avoid the mishap.Will she be able to decode the mystery?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590641", "title": "Ayush doctors want Bihar model", "text": "LUCKNOW: A joint association of ayurvedic, unani and homoeopathy doctors has urged chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan to amend the rules for renewal of their contracts. As of now, their contracts are to be renewed every year. The association has demanded renewal of contracts every five years the way Bihar government does.President of the Ayush Doctors' Welfare Association, Shailendra Singh Yogi said, \"Considering that the process of renewal is underway, it is right time to make changes.\" He added that there is a need to clear a number of anomalies in the salary as well. \"We want the present government to bring our salaries at par with that contractual MBBS doctors,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12589822", "title": "1 held for murder", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police claimed to have traced the murderer of Satish Giri, a resident of Buxar, Bihar , who was found dead near Shiv Chowk, GT road, on March 31. Satish's father Jagdish Giri informed police about his suspicion on Vashisht Giri, his son-in-law's brother.DCP Ashish Chaudhary said they have nabbed Vashisht, who has confessed to have committed the crime with two of his associates. Division no 6 SHO Davinder Chaudhary said Vashist wanted to marry Satish's sister, which he didn't agree to because of the huge age gap between Vashisht and his sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12590386", "title": "'EBiz' to simplify compliance process for industries", "text": "JAIPUR: Taking a cue from the success of single window clearance system in the state, Rajasthan has been chosen for the pilot project 'eBiz' initiated by the commerce ministry with a mandate to simplify the clearance and compliance process for industries in the country.With the World Bank giving India 134th place among 183 countries in \"Ease of Doing Business\", the project is aimed at bringing efficiency and transparency in the system.Under project eBiz, a G2B (government-to-business) portal will be set up by the ministry which will act as a single window interface for all the investors. The portal will have all the necessary information on approvals, clearances, permits, registrations for existing and new businesses right from their inception , functioning and possible end. Once fully operational the portal will be accessible 24/7.\"We have included Rajasthan for the project eBiz. It is an ambitious project which will bring transparency in clearance of projects and also speed up the process of approvals from various departments,\" said Anand Sharma, Union minister for commerce and industry.Initially in the pilot project, Rajasthan has been given the task of integrating 10 services for which centre will provide an assistance of Rs 5 crore. However, similar services are already underway in the state. The Bureau of Investment and Promotion (BIP) has the facility of online application and approvals for all the investments above 10 crore.\"Earlier an entrepreneur had to run from pillar to post to seek permission for land, power, registration number, sales tax number, and pollution controls as they were approved by different departments. But single window system has reduced the project cost to a great extent. If it is implemented throughout the country, it will bring about a new industrial revolution,\" said Tarachand Chaudhary, president, United Council of Rajasthan Industries (UCRI).The service, apart from being a single interface point for industries seeking any information on any state, will also bring the project cost down. The project will also reduce the time to start a venture for an entrepreneur.\"Starting any business in India is very painful as hundreds of approvals are to be sought from 40 different departments. Now at least we will not have to go through all the hassles of getting permits from bureaucracy. I hope this will make the country investor-friendly,\" said Rahul Gaur, a young entrepreneur.But the project does have some roadblocks, too. \"Integrating more than 54 services on one website is a cumbersome task. In some states necessary infrastructure is not available and it may take time before the site becomes functional,\" said a state government official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12589330", "title": "IIT-JEE exam: 10,000 aspirants appear across Indore", "text": "INDORE: About 10,000 students appeared for the IIT-JEE on Sunday at nearly 15 centers across the city. Most of the students said Paper II was slightly tough as compared to the previous year. Students from Malwa region also appeared for the exam at the city centres.The students, who had a grilling time for almost a day, came out with mixed reaction on the exam. Majority of students said that exam was a bit tough as compared to the last year. They found second paper of the examination confusing as well as tough.Siddhartha Sharma, an examinee said, \"The second paper was tough against my expectation. I could complete both the papers on time as I had practiced a lot by solving many question papers at my coaching class but it took me more time in solving the second paper.\"Danish Hassan, another student, also found the second paper tough. He said, \"I never went to any coaching classes but used to solve sample question papers. I found Paper I easy and Paper II a bit hard. I am looking for positive results.\"The timing for Paper I was from 9am to noon while Paper II was scheduled from 2pm to 5pm. Majority of the students said the time limit was adequate to attempt on all questions.Shyam Singh, a CBSE student, who prepared for the exam after attending coaching classes, found Physics and Mathematics section in the first paper a bit lengthy. However, he said that there were no surprises in the test. \"There is a general feeling about how tough it is to crack IIT-JEE but I found the paper easy and am very confident that I would get through.\"According to the city-based coaching centres, the reason that the students found the second paper tough as it was confusing and needed more calculation to come to an answer. They said that as compared to last year, the paper was tough and had no questions in match the column section.Sumit Upmanyu, a director at one of the private coaching classes, said, \"In Paper I, nearly half of the questions had negative marking. From every chapter, there were questions this year. In the second paper, out of 198 marks nearly 126 had negative marking in the paper.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12589298", "title": "Land acquisition for Maradu water treatment plant gains momentum", "text": "KOCHI: State level purchase committee's ( SLPC) Monday meeting will take a final decision on land acquisition in four villages of Piravom for the Maradu water treatment plant project.To implement the project, Kerala Water Authority (KWA) needs about 2.25 hectares of land in six villages for laying pipes.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said that revenue department has already started the land acquisition process. \"We have fixed the price of land and I hope land owners would voluntarily submit their holdings. If there are any disputes regarding the price of land, we expect to resolve it on Monday,\" he said.KWA is implementing the Rs 210 crore drinking water project for West Kochi under the JNNURM scheme. The project that was supposed to be completed by March 2012 was delayed due to many reasons - including the Piravom bypoll. For implementing the project, KWA has to construct a twenty four kilometre-long pipeline connecting the pump house at Piravom and the treatment plant in Kundannoor.Revenue officials said a total of 1.25 hectares of land must be acquired in four villages for laying pipes and other purposes.Meanwhile, KWA officials said that they have almost completed the pipe work in other parts of the city. The pipes connecting the treatment plant and various locations of West Kochi are almost ready, said an official. Once implemented, the project will draw water from Muvattupuzha River at Pazhoorkadavu and pump it to the tank in Arakkunnam.The water that would be channeled to the Maradu treatment plant through pipes, where water will be purified and supplied to Maradu, Kumbalam, Kumbalangi, Chellanam, Edakochi, Fort Kochi, Naval Base, Thevara and port areas. These areas are facing acute water shortage.To implement the project, Kerala Water Authority needs about 2.25 hectares of land in six villages for laying pipes. KWA is implementing the Rs 210 crore project under the JNNURM scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594368", "title": "I am not entering bollywood: Chetan Bhagat", "text": "... claims the young and talented writer Chetan Bhagat, who has become the youth icon today, on his recent visit to Allahabad where he had come to participate in a private function, adding, \"\"I am happy with the intellectual contribution that I am making through by books.My third book (3 mistakes of my life) has found a place in bollywood and a movie is being made on it, and I am happy with that. Besides, not everyone can do everything well. I can write well, I may not be able to act well, so I would prefer to just make my contribution intellectually.\"\" Chetan was responding to a question asked on the prank he played on the April fool's day where he had mentioned about joining the bollywood and had created news amongst the youngsters.Clarifying rumors further about this new movie project he even added that Vidya is not a part of this movie. \"\"No, Vidya is not the part of this project,\"\" he added but refused to divulge any more details. \"\"You will have to wait for the time when director makes the announcement.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590596", "title": "People remember Christ's sacrifice on Easter", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Christian community took out its annual Easter procession with fervour on Sunday. All city churches participated in the procession.The procession organised by the United Christian Easter Procession Committee began from the Central Methodist Church in Lalbagh and culminated at St Joseph's Cathedral, Hazratganj. Hundreds of people were carrying placards, signboards depicting the resurrection of Lord Jesus Christ.Different churches prepared banners that showed Christ's sufferings, his crucifixion, resurrection and ascension. People also sang songs praising Lord Christ.After reaching Cathedral Church, the Christians carried out a service which was presided over by Father Ignitius D'Souza. The event was closed with a prayer and blessings of Bishop Gerald Mathias. Meanwhile, the Assembly of Believers Church in India observed a grand Easter dawn service at Christian College ground on Sunday.People took out a procession carrying candles in their hands and sang songs. \"This service is done very early before the sunrise as Jesus rose from the dead early in the morning,'' said a church member. On the occasion, there was a light and sound tableau depicting life journey of Jesus Christ, his teachings, miracles, suffering on the cross and his resurrection. Early hours of the day witnessed a crowd of around 5,000 people from all round the city carrying out the service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12591859", "title": "We are serious about Saeed but need evidence: Gilani", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has acknowledged that the case of Jamaat-ud-Dawa chief Hafiz Saeed was an \"issue\" between Pakistan and India but said Islamabad needs \"substantial\" evidence against him to try him in a court of law.\"We are serious on the issue of Saeed but the question is how to proceed against him without evidence. Courts here are independent and we need substantial evidence against him,\" Gilani said while interacting with a group of reporters at his residence Lahore on Sunday evening.Gilani further said it had been agreed that the interior and home secretaries of the two countries would discuss the issue when they meet on April 16.He said that former premier Nawaz Sharif too had asked him about the government's stance on the issue of Saeed.Saeed, the founder of the Lashkar-e-Taiba , has been in focus after the US offered a $10 million bounty for him last week.Gilani has said in parliament that the case of Saeed is an \"internal issue\" of Pakistan and any evidence against him should be provided to Islamabad so that it could be examined by the courts.Responding to a question about groups like JuD fanning extremism in Pakistan, Gilani said: \"I have ordered action against all proscribed organisations\".He said there should be peace between India and Pakistan and it was in the interest of both countries as well as the region.\"(Indian Prime Minister) Manmohan Singh and I are committed to bringing stability to the region. We will take every possible step towards peace and stability,\" he said hours after President Asif Ali Zardari met Singh in New Delhi.Gilani said Zardari's visit to India was successful and all \"core issues\", including Kashmir, were discussed during the trip.Pakistan-India relations are on a high note following the exchange of high-level delegations, including a visit by Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar , he said.Referring to the move to give Most Favoured Nation-status to India, he said trade relations are in the interest of the people of both countries.The Pakistan government wants a solution to the Kashmir issue that is acceptable to the people and leadership of Kashmiris.Asked about the possibility of a breakthrough in talks with India on the Kashmir issue and the sharing of river waters, Gilani said his government is optimistic as it wants to promote regional harmony.The government will keep working for durable peace in the region, he added.Pakistan has been making efforts for regional peace and stability through trade with China, India, Iran and Afghanistan, the premier said.\"Progress on balance of trade with India, Pakistan- Afghanistan transit trade and energy projects with Iran will help the country achieve the goal of stability in the region,\" he said.Friendly relations with neighbouring countries ensure regional harmony and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Pakistan would strengthen bilateral relations, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12590448", "title": "More households now depend on tap water than wells: Census", "text": "PUNE: The number of households in the Pune district depending on tap water has gone up considerably in the last 10 years, the recent housing census data has said. Along with this interesting trend that is applicable to most other districts in the state, the census also revealed that dependency on well water decreased in the same period. According to experts, the latter is a cause for concern since it would directly lead to neglect of natural water resources.The house listing and housing census data, released recently by the state directorate of census operations, shows that in Pune district the number of households getting tap water increased by 7.1%, between 2001 and 2011. While 75.2% of households were getting tap water in 2001, the number has now increased to 80.6%. In Maharashtra, the number of households getting tap water has increased by 6.09%. Of the 20,76,607 households in Pune district, nearly 64.1% people stay in urban areas. The data shows that as much as 97% people in urban areas now get tap water.Of all the 35 districts in the state, Mumbai district has the highest number of households (97.8%) getting tap water. The Mumbai suburban districts come next with 96.5% households getting tap water. The two districts that have the lowest number of households getting tap water are Gondiya (17.5%) and Gadhchiroli (19.5%).While the number of people getting tap water has increased, the dependency on other water sources such as well water and hand pumps has decreased. In Pune district, the dependency on well water has come down from 13.2% to 8.9%. Similarly, the dependency on hand pumps or tubewell water has come down from 9.1% to 8.6%. In the state, the districts having the highest number of households dependent on well water are Gondiya and Gadhchiroli.Commenting on the census data, expert on environment and water issues Vikas Patil says, \"It is a fact that the number of households getting tap water has increased. However, this is a matter of concern because we are neglecting our natural water resources such as wells and springs. In days of severe water scarcity, these natural water sources would be of great help. The dependability on tap water - of whichever quality - has increased. Students doing doctorate need to carry out more studies on urban water issues. Similarly, there are a large number of hidden borewells. People are using both tap water and water from borewells.The number of such hidden borewells needs to be identified. In rural areas, many houses have wells and tap water both.\"A new question that was asked during the latest census in 2011 was whether households get treated water.In Maharashtra, as per the census data, 83% households get treated water. In Pune district, the number of households getting treated water is 91.9%. Mumbai district and Mumbai suburban district have the highest number of households (97.9% and 97.3%), which get treated water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595542", "title": "Mohan Babu thanks Balakrishna", "text": "Veteran actor, politician and educationist, Mohan Babu's granddaughters Arianna and Vivianna recently had a high profile visitor in the form of superstar Balakrishna.An over-whelmed Mohan Babu, took to his micro blogging page to thank Balakrishna. \"Ari and Vivi had special visitors today. They were blessed today by their Chinna Thata (My brother Balayya), and his better half Vasundra and my sister Nara Bhuvaneshwari (sic),\" posted Mohan Babu.Taking a good humored job at Balayya's age, the actor further posted, \"Well, my brother Balayya, if I am a Thata, you are Chinna Thata for them :). Thank u for ur love &amp; affection. Love you &amp; your family always.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12592908", "title": "Madhuri Dixit the desi Kidman?", "text": "Hollywood filmmaker Baz Luhrmann had openly acknowledged Bollywood's thematic contribution to his 2001 musical Moulin Rouge.He had even used Anu Malik's famous number Chamma Chamma in the Nicole Kidman starrer. And now, it is payback time. Mirror has learnt that choregrapher-turned-director Remo D'Souza is all set to make a film on the lines of the international classic with Madhuri Dixit in the lead.When contacted, Remo said, \"Yes, I am doing a period dance film with Madhuri. It is going to be the Indian version of a very famous Hollywood musical. However, it is a little early to talk about my next project.\"Though the filmmaker refrained from giving out the details of his ambitious project, a source close to him told Mirror, \"Madhuri will play the desi counterpart of Nicole Kidman. There won't be any major difference in the characterisation or plot. The treatment and content of the songs would be a mix of Indian and modern.\"Mirror learnt that Prabhu Deva may play the male lead and Madhuri may voice her own songs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12588533", "title": "'Sarpanch crucial in spreading awareness'", "text": "NASHIK: Lamenting that welfare schemes of the government did not reach the intended beneficiaries, Union agriculture minister and NCP chief Sharad Pawar asked sarpanches to do their bit and told them that a seat in the state legislative council has been proposed to be reserved for their representative.Addressing a gathering of over 1,500 sarpanches from across the state at a meet organized by 'Agrowon', a Marathi agriculture daily of the Sakaal group on Saturday,Pawar appealed to them to work for the development of their respective villages, since they were in the position of implementing different programmes of the Centre and state governments in their respective villages. He said that their efforts in doing good work would ensure their chances of getting re-elected on the post in times of cut-throat politics.Pawar further said that despite the fact that many regions in the country were reeling under drought, India was a country known for its production of wheat, sugar, rice and cotton. While states like Chhatisgarh, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar , Punjab, Haryana are helping the country meet its requirement of foodgrains, if other states too join in producing foodgrains on a larger scale, the state of the nation will change in no time.He added that in a country of a population of 110 crore, 56% people were into farming and agriculture, while 82% of the farmers among them had less than five acres of land and were surviving on the water from the monsoon months. In this context, it was necessary that such farmers also take up other joint businesses like milk production, fisheries, etc.\"Farmers in other states are doing extremely well in milk production, fisheries, etc. The same can be done here. The role of the sarpanch is important in this regard in spreading awareness among the farmers regarding such schemes of the state and Centre,\" said union agriculture minister Pawar.He also appealed to the sarpanches to study how different crops can be taken up by farmers to bring out maximum crops out of minimum water. The government also has different schemes for production of fruits, which the sarpanch should bring to his or her village and implement.Pawar, meanwhile, also said that the practice of drawing water with the help of electric pumps from water resources by some farmers was not good and that the sarpanch should ensure that there is equal distribution of water among the farmers.Meanwhile, the union agriculture minister said that he was happy that a large number of sarpanches in the state were graduates, post-graduates and diploma holders, which was a reflection of education reaching the grassroot level in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593411", "title": "Screen Savers", "text": "Tuberculosis affects a third of the worlds population and claims 1.8 million lives annually, most of them in Asia and Africa. Karim S Karim, who was born in Pakistan and moved to Canada almost 20 years ago, has seen the devastation that tuberculosis can cause. As a child in Pakistan, he vividly recalls seeing patients with tuberculosis cough up blood. Both his parents were doctors and he heard a lot about the disease at home.Tuberculosis is something that I have seen, and its bad. In fact, its more prevalent than heart disease. It cuts across age, but the worst segment affected is young children, he says.Karim is developing a low-cost digital X-ray detector that will screen for tuberculosis only. He is using existing detectors and modifying them so that they are smaller since the detector will only be used to examine the lungs, not the full chest. Then they can be used in tuberculosis screening clinics in developing countries.We plan to identify suitable partners in government, NGOs and the private sector and work with them to enable widespread adoption of this technology in developing countries, he says.As a scientist, Karim made a key discovery that led him to challenge the disease. Innovation in the process of discovery is just as important as innovation in the process of translation of that discovery towards a useful purpose, he adds.Karim studied his undergraduate (1999) and doctoral degrees (2002) in electrical and computer engineering from the University of Waterloo, Canada. In September 2009,he enrolled for a part-time MBA (morning MBA) with the University of Torontos Rotman School of Management.On why he felt the need to pursue an MBA after a PhD, Karim opines, My engineering background gave me an insight into the process of creativity and knowledge creation. I am pursuing an MBA to get a deeper insight into the process of knowledge and technology transfer.Being a student of the morning MBA programme helps him to juggle his different roles. Its very convenient; classes take place from 7am to 9am twice a week. Moreover, my evenings and weekends are free to spend with my family. I am thankful to the faculty and administrative staff at Rotman to have the foresight and commitment to offer the morning part-time MBA programme. Karim will complete his MBA programme in April. A typical day when he attends the MBA class twice a week is I get to bed by 10pm the night before, wake up at 4am, leave the house by 5am, get to Rotman by 6.30am, have breakfast and attend class, leave Rotman at 9am, get to work by 10.30am, carry on with research, teaching and administrative matters until 5pm, pick up the children from school, get home for dinner by 6pm, and wrap up any unfinished work between 7.30pm to 9pm. It is streamlined and I am grateful for my wifes support.Karim was named one of 15 'rising star' researchers by Grand Challenges Canada, an independent not-for-profit organisation funded through a federal government programme that urges the best minds to find solutions to the worlds health problems. He received a $100,000 seed grant to further develop his digital X-ray detector.WHO INFLUENCED METhere have been many over time such as my parents, both doctors and my paternal grandmother who lived with us during my childhood and was a woman full of love and kindness. I have always enjoyed reading biographies particularly Gandhi, Mandela, Keller, Curie, Edison, Jobs, Welch and Gerstner. The Aga Khan Foundation is an example of an institution that is focused on positive change through health and education, often forgotten in parts of the world. More recently, I was inspired by the Gates Foundation and Warren Buffet and their contribution towards improving global health. The common thread between these diverse set of people and institutions is that they are all driven by the desire to make peoples lives better in some way or the other.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12588923", "title": "CM for strict action against 'culprits'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy directed DGP V Dinesh Reddy to take stringent action against miscreants responsible for the Madannapet incident. On Sunday, the CM held a review meeting with home department officials headed by minister Sabita Indra Reddy and directed the police to see that the situation in the area becomes normal immediately.Meanwhile, Hyderabad collector Natarajan Gulzar said compensation has been given to the family members of eight victims injured in the communal clashes. \"Among the injured, four persons were given Rs 5,000 as compensation and those who suffered minor injuries were given Rs 250,\" he said in an official release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12592691", "title": "A bus conductor is Akshay Kumar's new best friend", "text": "Walking down Horniman Circle, on Sunday afternoon, our lensman caught a tall, good looking, moustachioed man talking to a bus conductor.It took him a second look to realise that it was none other than Akshay Kumar . On a sultry summer day, the actor was happily chatting up with the BEST employee in fluent Marathi. And that was between the shots of his upcoming heist film Special Chhabees.We took this opportunity to catch a glimpse of the candid Kumar on the sets of the Neeraj Pande directed film. Akki, sporting a blue check shirt, pleated khakis and a tan leather belt, looking dishy. The shot involved a big BEST bus. And needless to say, the bus driver and the conductor had to be a part of it.Akshay, who plays the lead role in this film based on one of the most shocking con jobs in India that happened in 1987 at Zaveri Bazaar, spent no time in befriending his co-actors - bus driver Vasant Goghe and conductor Pandurang Shinde. His other co-star Manoj Bajpai had already finished his day's work and left by then.We spotted Akki talking to the two men in between the shots in rapid Marathi - asking them about their duty timings, life etc. It was an endearing moment. And a memorable one for the two BEST employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12589636", "title": "Girls outshine boys, bag top ranks", "text": "BELGAUM: Girls outshined the boys, bagging the top ranks at the 11th annual convocation of Visvesvaraya Technological University (VTU-Belgaum), held on Sunday.Girls won 13 first ranks in 19 streams of Bachelor of Engineering (BE)/Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech). Girls also bagged first ranks in Bachelor of Architecture (B.Arch), Master of Business Administration (MBA), Master of Business Administration (MBA- credit system) and Master of Computer Application (MCA-credit system). Besides, they bagged 14 out 39 ranks in Master of Technology (M.Tech) courses.Chancellor of the varsity Governor H R Bhardwaj and pro-chancellor chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda bestowed medals to the 69 first rank holders in different streams of BE/B.Tech and M.Tech and 100 PhD degrees on the occasion. Deepashri K R, a native of Sagar and student of Adichunchanagiri Institute of Technology, Chikmagalur, received 11 gold medals for securing first rank with highest marks in BE Civil Engineering. Gargy Ganguly from Jamshedpur and student of Sir M Visvesvaraya Institute of Technology, Bangalore, received 7 gold medals for securing first rank with highest marks in BE Electrical and Electronics Engineering.'Doctor of Science' degreesKumar Mangalam Birla , chief of Aditya Birla Group , Mumbai, S S Mantha, chairman of All Indian Council for Technical Education, New Delhi, H C Visvesvaraya, former V-C of Roorkee University and late M S Ramaiah, founder president of Gokul Education Foundation, Bangalore, were conferred with the 'Doctor of Science' degrees. Pranab, who was chosen for the degree last year, received the certificate on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587754", "title": "ECR transported record cement, coal in 2011-12", "text": "PATNA: The East Central Railway (ECR) carried about 94.68 million tonne of freight from April, 2011 to March, 2012, an increase of about 7.43 % over 2010-2011 during which it had transported about 88.14 million tonne of freight.According to ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha, during the month of March 2012 alone, railways carried a record loading of 9.02 million tonne registering an increase of about 4.57 per cent compared to March 2011. He said the ECR loaded about 86.21 million tonne of coal during 2011-12, an increase of about 7.65 per cent compared to 2010-2011.The CPRO said the ECR made a record loading, particularly in coal and cement segments.While 86.21 million tonne of coal was loaded between April, 2011 and March, 2012, 2.22 million tonne of cement was loaded during this period. It was an increase of about 44.16 per cent, compared to the 2010-11 figure, he said, adding that the ECR was all set to achieve its freight loading target in the current fiscal. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12588092", "title": "Fire destroys 20 shops in vegetable market", "text": "KANPUR: A major fire broke out at Nabipur Sabzi Mandi in Akbarpur Kotwali police area in Ramabai Nagar district on Sunday. Several fire tenders were pressed into service to douse the flames. As many as 20 shops were reduced to ashes.Senior district officials said that the situation has been brought under control. The cause of the fire was under investigation.\"The market is a major business hub for rural folks who come here from the interior parts of the district and even outside. Now, it will take some time to rebuild it,\" said Nafees, who owns a vegetable shop.The affected shop owners and locals staged a protest on the highway and demanded compensation for the affected shopkeepers.Tehsildar KK Pandey and circle officer Subhash Shakya visited the market and assured the traders of help. Pandey asked for a list of traders who suffered losses.Shakya said that the cause of fire is still not known. The police do not suspect foul play. \"The fire may have been caused either by short circuit or a spark due to a grinding shop in the vicinity. We have no evidence to suspect foul play but investigations are on,\" he said. No injuries were reported. As many as 20 shops have been gutted. Some people trapped inside the market were rescued.Shops selling meat, fish, vegetables, fruits and grocery items in the sprawling market have been affected, Pandey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12589424", "title": "Team Anna launches campaign in Mumbai in support of Arvind Kejriwal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Challenging parliamentarians to issue privilege notices, Mumbai members of India Against Corruption (IAC) have initiated a 'referendum' to gauge support for Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal. The campaign started on Sunday and raised the issue of Kejriwal's stand on criminal charges against 162 sitting parliamentarians. Kejriwal has been slapped with privilege notices for \"insulting\" parliamentarians.The survey is expected to target 50,000 people at public places like train stations, malls and parks. IAC Mumbai head Mayank Gandhi said, \"We have put a mirror to the people and are trying to see if people support Arvind's stand.\"Mumbaikars will be asked to text the answer to the query - \"Who has insulted Parliament? The 162 MPs who have serious charges of murder, rape etc and MPs who throw chairs on each other, watch blue films, tear bills, display cash or Arvind Kejriwal who stated the above facts.\"Kejriwal has in recent speeches raised the issue of pending criminal charges against 162 sitting parliamentarians. When asked if the referendum could work against Kejriwal, Gandhi said, \"We are not afraid of privilege notices. In fact we welcome them. Parliamentarians are just shooting the messenger by issuing privilege notices.\"Gandhi said about 300 IAC members will be part of the campaign. The campaign could spread to other parts of the country but no decision had been taken on that.The move is expected to build pressure on Parliament whose ethics committee is currently considering Kejriwal's response to the notices sent by MPs. Team Anna and activist Anna Hazare have been consistently raising the point that pending charges should be settled in fast-track courts, even giving a deadline of August for this. Hazare has said that he would wait till the end of the budget session in May to chalk out future strategy but would travel across the country to campaign for the Lokpal Bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12590339", "title": "Coop sugar mill workers to intensify strike", "text": "COIMBATORE: Nearly 6,000 workers of cooperative sugar mills who have been on strike since April 4, plan to intensify their struggle if the government does not accept their demand for higher pay.\"For the past three years, we have been asking the government to fix the wages and other benefits for staff and workers working in the mills on par with government employees,\" said PL Subbiah, vice president, All India National Trade Union Congress. \"Salaries of officers, nearly 600 in the category of group one and two, are on par with government employees, while the staff and workers in lower categories continues to be paid far less wages,\" he added.There are 17 sugar mills in the cooperative sector located in places including Thanjavur, Salem, Coimbatore, Tirutani and Karaikudi. Five of them are in the red, while the others make money for the government. But the revenue is not shared with the staff and workers, Subbiah said.The factories produce 4,500 quintals of sugar daily and 47,000 tonnes of processed sugar. Due to the ongoing strike, the government is losing revenue of Rs 20crore every day. Three of the mills used to generate 15MW of electricity which is no more produced. Besides, sugarcane is not lifted from farms due to the strike.A majority of the workers participating in the strike belong to INTUC, the trade union affiliated to the Congress.Subbiah said the workers are paid about Rs 8,000 and even if the government accepts the demand it is going to increase the wages by Rs 1,700 to Rs 2,300. R Subramanian, an employee of Tanjavur Arignar Anna Sugar Mill, said until 1989 all had uniform pay as per the wage board, but in 1990 some employees started getting paid more than others. \"The government should give reasonable pay hike or common cadre wages,\" he said.The state government had earlier formed a committee to look into the wage disparity issue. However, the government is yet to take a decision. A dozen meetings have been held, the last one on April 3, which was attended by the labour minister, industries minister as well as secretaries of the two departments.\"During the meeting they agree that our demands were just and assure us of some solution. Later, we come to know that the finance secretary is not in favour of accepting the demands, as he fears that other cooperative departments will raise similar demands,\" Subbiah said.An all-party meeting is scheduled to be held in Chennai on Monday to decide the future course of the strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pakhowal road", "code": "12589956", "title": "Gursimran makes bugs look pretty", "text": "PAKHOWAL ROAD: Gursimran Singh's sharp eyes have a way of spotting butterflies and tiny insects, finding beauty in them and then capturing it on camera. A post-graduation student of processing and food engineering from Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), the 22-year-old started following his eyes' command seriously in 2008.''I had only a regular point and shoot camera at the time but it was good enough for me. After about one year I borrowed a friend's camera that could take better pictures and finally I also invested in a Canon 500D camera,'' said Gursimran, who stays in Pakhowal Road.The shutterbug said he has always focussed on nature. ''I observe nature closely and feel she is a teacher conveying vital messages to us. I enjoy clicking butterflies and tiny insects. It is a tough job too because they flitter and fly away before one can bat an eyelid. Capturing them is a test of patience,'' he said.His talent has made him popular among friends and staff in the university and he has been asked to click pictures at youth festivals. ''Many of my friends also ask me to click them and sometimes I get too engaged in doing just that,'' said Gursimran, who will exhibit his work at the PAU art gallery on Monday.Making a case for his hobby, Gursimran said, ''Photography is one of the best hobbies ever and through this art a person can depict his thoughts and ideas. It may be only a hobby but it will be a part of me no matter what I end up doing professionally.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12591424", "title": "Soften visa rules to promote people-to-people contact: Pakistan leader", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Emphasizing the need to soften visa rules to encourage the people-to-people contact, Pakistan's former federal minister for law, justice and parliamentary affair Zaheer-ud-din Babar Awan said that unless it was done, the differences between India and Pakistan are bound to remain.Felicitated by the Bar Council of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh, Awan, who was in city on Sunday, highlighted the dire need for a dialogue on all vexed issues between Delhi and Islamabad . \"The two countries do not have a choice to change their neighbours and both are nuclear states, hence dialogue is the only way to resolve all contentious issues. Under the prevailing circumstances, there is no point in boycotting talks or showing resentment. The need of the hour is to have a constructive dialogue,\" said Awan, a senator in Pakistan's Upper House of parliament.Questioned about several restrictions on Pakistan by the United States of America in the past over issues like terrorism, he replied, \"Such contentious issues that come up between countries must be dealt with at through discussion and dialogue.\"Taking about the Indian prisoners in Pakistan, he said, \"Those who have completed their sentence in Pakistan will be freed.\" When asked about the issue of Sarabjit Singh , an Indian national on the death row in Pakistan, Awan said that courts decision has to be respected. \"The decision of the courts cannot be overturned by the executive,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12590517", "title": "Food poisoning at school: 120 kids discharged from hospitals", "text": "PUNE: Barring 12 children, 120 students of the municipal school at Janata Vasahat in Parvati, who suffered food poisoning on Saturday, were discharged on Sunday. A total of 132 students were admitted to different hospitals on Saturday after they complained of vomiting and nausea after they ate food served under the mid-day meal scheme.\"Children who are still in the hospital are likely to be discharged on Monday,\" said city health chief S T Pardeshi of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).The Poona Hospital had admitted 85 students. \"Barring three students, all the 82 children were discharged on Sunday,\" said paediatrician Lalit Rawal of the Poona Hospital and Research Centre.The three children who are still under observation at hospital are likely to be discharged early on Monday, Rawal added.\"Two of the three students vomited even after they were administered medicines. Hence, they have been kept under observation for extended period. One student complained of nausea and vomiting on Sunday, hence he was admitted to the hospital. He will be discharged tomorrow,\" Rawal said.Total 29 students were admitted to the Deenanath Mangeshkar Hospital and 18 to the Global Hospital.Service provider didn't have FDA registrationThe Sai Vyvasayik Gat, a self-help group that had been acting as a service provider to the civic-run school for mid-day meal, was found to be running the business without seeking the mandatory registration from the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).\"We are going to issue a notice to the Sai Vyvasayik Gat for not seeking the mandatory registration. A penalty up to Rs 2 lakh can be slapped for this violation under Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006,\" said Chandrashekhar Salunke, joint commissioner (food), FDA. Besides, a fine up to Rs 1 lakh can be separately imposed for not adhering to the hygiene standards laid down in the Act for preparing food.\"The idlis, which were served to students, were prepared in unhygienic conditions,\" Salunke said. According to inspection report, the food was prepared under a tin-shed in a congested 8x12 room, which had less ventilation.The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) has suspended its contract with the Sai Vyvasayik Gat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596328", "title": "Anjum Farooki denies engagement rumours!", "text": "Looks like controversies and rumours are following actor Anjum Farooki these days. The actor, who plays the immensely popular Gauri in the show Balika Vadhuon Colors, was suddenly in the news recently when her Facebook status read that she was in a relationship with co-star Shashank Vyas. Later, it turned out that it was a fake id in her name. But what has got the actor surprised are recent reports in certain sections of the media that she has got engaged to a merchant navy officer. In Vadodara for promoting her show, the actor fumes, \"Well, this is news to me! I haven't got engaged. I have been so busy with shooting and promotions that I haven't got a chance to go through what has been written about me in the last one week or so. But these are completely baseless rumours.\"She adds, \"I guess these are the pitfalls of being in the limelight, but actors are used to things like fake profiles and false stories by now. I think people shouldn't give any importance to these pranksters.\"Talking of Balika Vadhu, she says, \"Gauri had a pretty positive role initially, but slowly, the grey shades have come in, which gives me more scope to perform. Sometimes, people come up and ask why I am such a bad person, referring to my on-screen character (laughs)! That means I am playing the character well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12588913", "title": "Ballygunge shares woes with cops", "text": "KOLKATA: I M Asthana recalls a near-vacant Sunny Park, when driving down the road would be a pleasure and parking child's play. A stroll down the pavement was something morning-walkers eagerly looked forward to. \"You didn't have to pay to park and be hassled by aggressive fee collectors who fleece you regularly. Our pavements had not been taken up by parked cars either. The area was out of bounds for hawkers and traffic was disciplined. It's a different place now and sadly the police have been doing nothing to stop this,\" complained the 65-year-old architect at an interactive session between Sunny Park residents and the police on Sunday.Traffic problems remained the focus of the session. \"Ballygunge, particularly Queen's Park, Sunny Park and Ballygunge Circular Road, was dotted with old bungalows. Majority of them have been replaced by highrises. The place is now inhabited by a far bigger population. Each family has at least two cars, if not more. So traffic has become a big headache for us,\" said Kishore Bhimani, well-known sports journalist and a Sunny Park resident.Around a hundred residents of Ballygunge, Gariahat, Karaya, Roland Road and Tivoli Court gathered at Sunny Park to voice their grievances and demands to a team of senior police officers, which included the assistant commissioner (traffic) D B Bose, officer-in-charge (OC) of Ballygunge Police Station Sukumar Ghosh and East Traffic Guard OC Aloke Sanyal. The interactive session - the second one under a unique initiative by Kolkata Police commissioner R K Pachnanda to improve communication with citizens - turned out to be a lively interface that brought several issues to the fore. While residents urged the police to take note of the problems, the latter suggested ways to make sure these can be addressed quickly and better through a more collaborated effort.Sukumar Ghosh, for instance, urged residents to \"play the police\". \"We get calls from you complaining that microphones are being played late at night. I assure you that action is taken within 5 to 7 minutes of a complaint. So, make sure you call us and let us know,\" said Ghosh.But what about illegal parking and encroachments, some asked. The pavement along La Martiniere School remains blocked by a tree, several electric boxes and a garbage dump, pointed out Ramesh Munshi, a Tivoli Court resident. \"You have to get off and walk on the road which is dangerous considering the volume of traffic. Aren't pavements meant for pedestrians to walk,\" asked Munshi. The tree and the garbage dump will be taken care of, he was assured.Ghosh assured them that they would implement the government policy of not allowing new hawkers in any area.\"There is an attempt to cap the upper limit of hawkers being allowed in a particular area. This would clear off a lot of encroachment from the pavements,\" he said.But that wasn't enough, interjected Sunny Park resident Arvind Bhorilal. \"Even 10 years ago, parking was allowed only on one side of the road. Now, you have two rows of cars parked on either side with barely any space to walk. We have children and elderly people living here who have to risk their lives and walk on the road. Rash driving is now a norm and all this happens right under the nose of the police,\" fumed Bhorilal.Inexperienced traffic policemen were adding to the problem, alleged Bharat Saxena. \"Make sure they are trained adequately to handle traffic at busy intersections. It's quite apparent that most are not competent enough to be posted at places like Ballygunge or Gariahat,\" said Saxena.Lack of adequate manpower often forced them to compromise, admitted the policemen. \"If you keep us informed, we can prioritize depending on the urgency of the complaint. It's not possible to have policemen posted at every nook and corner. If we know what's happening in the area, we can deploy our men better,\" said Aloke Sanyal, OC East Traffic Guard.Residents voiced their concern about the narrow lane at Tivoli Court, cramped further by parked cars. Locals were to be partly blamed for this, admitted Sunny Park resident Devendra Pal Singh Gujral. \"Each household owns two to three cars and when they hit the road, congestion is bound to happen. But better traffic management can help improve things,\" he said. Following the parking regulations can solve half the problems, felt policemen. \"Don't park just about anywhere. And in case of a fire, don't take chances by trying to douse it. Call the fire brigade and the police,\" advised Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589254", "title": "Revival mode: Party gives a 'Come to Congress' call", "text": "BANGALORE: The Congress put up a united face on Sunday ahead of Congress president Sonia Gandhi's visit to Tumkur on April 28 to participate in the 105th birthday celebrations of Siddaganga mutt seer Shivakumar Swamiji.This was crucial in the wake of reports of a rift in the party. Most of the prominent leaders of the state were present at the launch of their much-touted campaign -- \"Congress ge banni. Badalavane Thanni (Come to Congress, Usher in a Change) held on the outskirts of the city.Dissension has raised its ugly head in Congress following differences between KPCC president G Parameshwara and leader of the opposition in the state legislative assembly Siddaramaiah. Siddaramaiah was reportedly miffed after he was allegedly neglected by Parameshwara in planning the party's new campaign and also that he was ignored while taking crucial decisions. Siddaramaiah had also planned to embark on a parallel tour and skip the launch of the new initiative as a mark of protest.The duo, however, buried their differences following the intervention of senior leaders.On Sunday, Congress general secretary Madusudan Mistry, also in charge of Karnataka, launched the campaign with a call to people to oust the BJP government. He ridiculed the BJP by drawing similarities between Gujarat and Karnataka. ``While two MLAs viewed blue film in Karnataka, three MLAs did it in Gujarat. Here Yeddyurappa is facing corruption. In Gujarat, Modi is accused of corruption which has been brought out by a CAG report,\" he said.Slamming the ruling BJP for neglecting drought, Siddaramaiah promised that if the Congress returned to power it would revive the distribution of rice to poor at Rs 3 per kg, a programme shelved by BJP.The campaign will continue from Monday and extended across the state. Meetings would be held with workers, discussions with the local leaders on subjects, including preparation for election and selection of candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bapora (bhiwani)", "code": "12590194", "title": "General\u2019s village still swears by honest Singh", "text": "BAPORA (BHIWANI): In Bapora, General VK Singh's ancestral village, almost every house has either a serving soldier or a retired one. The village had a big celebration when Gen Singh became the Army chief in April 2010. Today, locals here including all the retired soldiers feel proud of the general for blowing the whistle against corruption and they allege he is being targeted for taking graft and malpractices head on.People from all age groups in this village of over 20,000 people start attacking the government and sections of arm equipment suppliers and the Army the moment you raise the issue of recent controversies, whether it's his date of birth row or alleged movement of troops towards Delhi. \"They can't fix him since he is a clean officer. One tiger is enough for all those are making allegations,\" said Parambir, a banker.Ninety-year-old subedar major (honorary captian) Gugan Singh, a close relative of the general, recalls him as a gentlemen with keen interest in studies. \"There is huge corruption in the Army - we know about the Bofors scam. None had the courage to raise voice. He has done it. All retired soldiers are with him. Had there been an iota of corruption against him, government would have fixed him by now. He never even favoured any local for getting a job in the Army,\" he added.The Army chief had visited the village in the last week of March when he participated in an exhibition held at the village government school. Yashpal Tanwar, a young businessman, said he touched the general's feet and also shook hands with him.Villagers said they would host a grand party for the general when he retires. Satbir Singh, who had played a key role in the April 2010 celebration, said people looked up to the Army chief as an inspiration. \"We had never heard anything against him until the smear campaign started against him recently. People don't believe anything spoken or written against him. We have seen how his mother led a simple life here,\" he said.The general's ailing mother is now in Delhi undergoing treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588319", "title": "BJP repeats old promises", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP, unlike its archrival Congress, has come out with a common poll manifesto for the three corporations. While releasing it on Sunday, the party leadership focused on \"holistic development\" of the city but the manifesto itself has little to support their grand plan. Besides social security card for underprivileged, master plan for drainage, more waste-to-energy projects, holiday on Chhath and a medical college, it is a repeat of the party's 2007 municipal election promises.In its 2007 manifesto, BJP had promised a multi-purpose identity card for the residents of Delhi. This time, it is offering this card to the underprivileged who have been neglected for long by the state government. \"This card is for domestic helps, industrial labour, rickshaw pullers, taxi drivers etc. This will help them utilize facilities like insurance, medical care and education,\" said Vijender Gupta, president, Delhi BJP.Keeping in mind the increasing number of Poorvanchali voters in the city, the party has promised to declare Chhath puja a holiday along with proper arrangement for the celebration.Claiming the Okhla waste-to-energy plant, a Delhi government project, as an MCD achievement, the ruling BJP also promises to start more such projects to make the city \"garbage free\" and reclaim the landfill sites. \"We want to use the reclaimed land for remunerative projects. We will also explore ways to manufacture vitrified tiles from solid waste,\" said Gupta. After the success of e-governance project, the party has promised to bring more services under the system to ensure more transparency in the functioning of the civic agencies.Optimistic about its return to power in all three corporations, BJP has proposed a master plan for drainage throughout the city. \"We will ensure that all three corporations work together in preparing the plan,\" said Gupta.Besides these, the eight-page manifesto has nothing new to offer. It promises free public toilets for all, especially for women, a promise it has failed to keep in the past five years. Despite allocating Rs 3 crore every year for the project, not a single toilet for women has been constructed. None of the major markets under MCD has public conveniences.BJP's fancy toilet-cum-cafe projects also boomeranged after residents opposed its construction. BJP had to drop the project and buy out all eight complexes constructed in various parts of the city.The 2012 manifesto includes some more forgotten pledges: special rebates in all municipal taxes for ex-servicemen, regularization of weekly markets, special scheme for rehri-patri vendors, identifying dangerous buildings and allowing the owner to reconstruct it, multi-purpose haats, improvement of cremation and burial grounds, and providing basic civic services in slums, JJ colonies, resettlement colonies etc.The manifesto also makes a brief mention of BJP's achievements at MCD. Claiming e-governance as its major achievement, the party has promised to make the new corporations completely transparent.While releasing the manifesto, BJP vice president M Venkaiah Naidu alleged that Congress had not been able to fulfill its promise to regularize the unauthorized colonies in the city. \"The provisional certificates were given by UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi, still the government did little to honour its promise. They are yet to allot 60,000 flats to poor people. Congress does not have the moral right to seek votes. They are destroying the country,\" said Naidu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12589067", "title": "Child spends 9 hours in police lockup", "text": "KOLKATA: After more promises of rehabilitation, the administration again cracked down on Nonadanga settlers protesting against their eviction. Police rounded up 69 agitators, including a nine-year-old girl, and locked them up at Lalbazar for nine hours on Sunday.At night, 62 of them were released, while seven leaders of the anti-eviction movement were booked on non-bailable charges. Three days ago, urban development minister Firhad Hakim had promised to review the rehabilitation scope for Nonadanga evictees.The seven leaders include Debolina Chakraborty, Sidhartha Gupta, Debjani Ghosh, Abhigyan Sarkar, Partha Sarathi Roy, Shamik Chakraborty and Amal Chatterjee. While Shamik and Amal are activists of Mazdoor Kranti Parishad, the others belong to different mass organizations.On Sunday morning, shanty dwellers of Nonadanga assembled near Ruby crossing off EM Bypass to demand rehabilitation of the evicted squatters. \"It was a scheduled programme and we had informed Kolkata Police well in advance,\" said Shamik Chakraborty, one of the leaders of Nonadanga Uchhed Birodhi Committee - the anti-eviction forum fighting for rehabilitation of the squatters.The demonstration began around 10am. It was being held away from the main thoroughfare, so there was no chance of traffic disruption, claimed the organizers.Shortly before noon, a large police force, led by deputy commissioner Basab Dasgupta, visited the spot and reportedly asked the agitators to leave at once.\"We refused to give in. But they forced us to stop. They pushed us into the prison van and dispersed the gathering by chasing the protesters,\" said Abhay, another leader of the forum.Debolina Chakraborty, one of the organizers, said that initially they were taken to Tiljala police station and then to the central lockup at the Lalbazar police headquarters.\"Police arrested 69 of us including 39 women and a child of nine years,\" said Parag Banerjee, one of the agitators. Police denied detaining the child and said 61 people had been held.Confusion has taken place over the number of the arrest as DC SSD Sujay Chanda said, \"We have arrested 61 persons under 151 IPC (considered as preventive arrest) and the case was registered at Kasba police station.\" He denied that nine-year-old Monika Kumari Shaw was arrested. TOI, however, confirmed that the child was in the lockup with her mother till 9pm with all other arrested agitators.At night, police released 62 of the detainees on personal release bond, but they booked seven leaders in connection with a case registered at Tiljala police station on Wednesday.On that afternoon, six persons - including an 18-month-old infant - were injured in a lathicharge on a rally of the evictees. \"These seven persons have been arrested under Sections 143,149,332,341,342 353 of IPC which suggests that they had provoked people in wrongful activity, assembled illegally, and wrongfully restrained and resisted policemen,\" said a senior officer. The forum however claimed that Sarkar, Debjani and Partha Sarathi Roy were not present in Wednesday's rally.Amitava Bhattacharya, secretary of Mazdoor Kranti Parishad, condemned the arrest. \"It was a peaceful assembly and it was an announced programme. It's a fascist step taken by the government to gag the voice of democratic protest,\" said Bhattacharya.The forum has decided to march from College Square to Writers' Buildings on Monday. Rights organizations like APDR and Bandi Mukti Committee and USDF have said they will join the rally. \"We strongly condemn the arrest,\" said Choton Das, secretary Bandi Mukti Committee.State government perhaps in a bid to take strong arm policy against the Nonadanga anti-eviction movement. Despite an assurance from state urban development minister Firhad Hakim on Thursday to review the rehabilitation scope of the evictees, on Sunday once again police operation was conducted against the agitating evictees. Cops rounded up 69 agitators including a nine-year-old girl and put them in Lalbazar Central lock up till late evening since noon.Later at night cops released 62 among them but rounded up seven leaders of the movement in stringent non-bailable charges.latter two are known activists of Mazdoor Kranti Parishad then previous five are from different mass organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588292", "title": "Cycle rickshaws: SC verdict gets mixed response", "text": "NEW DELHI: The city has been fighting a losing battle against private vehicles but it had chosen to clamp down on the most eco-friendly mode of transport - cycle rickshaws - to prevent congestion. However, tri-cycles finally got some respite on Monday after the Supreme Court upheld their right to ply in the city without facing harassment. The judgment has been welcomed by many who felt that it addressed two necessary issues - providing clean public transport and protecting human rights of the migrant population. But a certain segment says that absence of regulations would not only compound congestion on roads but also worsen Delhi's population problem.The Municipal Corporation of Delhi had placed a cap of 99,000 on the number of rickshaws in the city, colour coding them zone wise for easy identification. Under the municipal bylaws, the authority had the power to confiscate, crush and sell for crap any rickshaw found violating rules. In 2007, the then prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee had asked the government to end licensing for rickshaw pullers and have them registered. Though MCD took the first part of the order seriously, no policy on registration has been formulated till now. Consequently, no license has been renewed or issued since then.\"The government found it easy to target poor migrant workers who were trying to earn an honest living. Unlike private vehicles, rickshaws did not have licenses on demand,\" said Madhu Kishwar of NGO Manushi. \"The licensing procedure itself was arbitrary, first trapping the puller in criminality and then taking away most of his money in the form of fees and bribes. The law was equally absurd, making it mandatory for the puller to also be the owner of the rickshaw. If one can own and rent out several cabs or trucks, why can't rickshaw pullers. Many of them are also migrant labourers who rent rickshaws when they are in the city,\" she added.Anumita Roychowdhury, executive director of Centre for Science and Environment says that 45% of all daily trips undertaken in the city are for distances less than 5 km, making them ideal for walking or use of rickshaws. \"We have to devise a way of integrating these vehicles in urban planning. Many arterial roads will have dedicated corridors for cycles and cycle rickshaws and they will play a huge role in providing the last mile connectivity from your door step to other modes of public transport,\" she says.However, Sanjeev Bhargava, general secretary of the Chandni Chowk Sarva Vyapar Mandal, says that an unbridled increase in number of rickshaws will only add to chaos on city roads. \"In Mayur Vihar, there are more rickshaws than the actual demand. They do not follow rules, cannot be trained - since rickshaw pullers are a floating population - and are safe for only small distances. Even the master plan says that they should be permitted on arterial roads only where 'feasible'. If private vehicles are a problem, let the court issue orders against them too. A Central Road Research Institute study said that rickshaws were the main cause of congestion in Chandni Chowk after which they were banned. We want there number to be capped,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12592948", "title": "Deshmukh credit writers for Jannat 2", "text": "Kunal Deshmukh, who's been an assistant director with Vishesh Films for many years, is a busy man these days, what with his film Jannat 2 starring Esha Gupta and Emraan Hashmi slated for a May 4 release.Asked how difficult it was researching subjects like match fixing or illegal arms trafficking, he tells Mirror, \"Meeting bookies in Mumbai was easy as they are all star struck but illegal arms dealing is quite another story. Finally, we got all the information from Mangesh Kashyap, Deputy Commissioner of Delhi; Navneet Sikera, an encounter specialist from UP and a legal dealer in arms.\"Explaining why his films explore such subjects, he says, \"I have seen friends partying with the money they won from match fixing. My writer Sanjay Masoom is from UP and he has seen people dealing in guns. So I know a little more about this.\"Deshmukh shares an anecdote. While shooting a particular scene, they were waiting for guns that were loaded in a tempo from Mumbai. However, the consignment was held up at the Haryana border and the shooting had to be stopped. The crowd was disappointed and started jeering. When they came to know the cast and crew were waiting for the guns to arrive, a group of locals came forward and offered the guns they owned. That was scary, he remembers.Ribbed about Esha Gupta having replaced Prachi Desai as lead, the director explains around a fortnight before going on floor, the producers decided they wanted to up the sensual quotient of Jannat 2. Prachi was very clear she hadn't signed up for more love making. That's how Esha was signed on.Deshmukh gives all credit to his writers, who he says have done a phenomenal job.So isn't he nervous now that Jannat 2 is slowly and steadily inching towards release? \"It would be unnatural to say I am not. It is a year of work which boils down to Friday morning. So on Saturday, you are either written off, or you go party,\" he laughs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12589285", "title": "Chicken pox hits Raisen village", "text": "BHOPAL: Chandoriya village in Raisen district of Madhya Pradesh is down with chicken pox. Over the past 10 days, the virus has spread through the dalit-dominated hamlet situated about 120km north of the state capital.The district administration on Sunday morning rushed a medical team to Chandoriya. The team of doctors, nurses and paramedics was taken to the spot by sub-divisional magistrate Buta Singh Ebena and block medical officer Dr J P Patel.The situation went out of control as villagers had more faith in local quacks than the state government hospital and health centres. Villagers believed the disease came as the blessing of a goddess and the health workers preferred to look away.Every house in the village, with a population of about a thousand, has someone infected with symptoms including high fever, headache and itchy blisters all over the body. No one in the village knows if the children were administered the chicken pox vaccine.Residents of the village claimed that at least 450 people including 60 children were affected by the disease. Going from house to house, the medical team spent more than four hours checking every patient and identified the condition of 19 including five infants as critical.Hamraj Lariya, teacher of a village primary school, said: \"People here are not aware of the risks of chicken pox. They refused to isolate the infected children from others. ''The school teacher said that the situation worsened after children came to appear for the year ending tests with chicken pox. The virus spread through the school. SDM Ebena claimed that the situation was under control. \"There is no such emergency at the moment. We took a team of doctors and paramedics and the patients are being given appropriate medical attention. Two to three families are seriously affected. Eighteen children are under observation. But there is nothing to panic,'' the SDM said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12580330", "title": "Akshay Kumar stumps the IPL", "text": "Akshay Kumar has proved how star power can win over anything - even the extremely popular IPL. His latest film, \" Housefull 2\", triumphed over cricket mania when it broke records on the first day of release.An industry analyst explains, \"No actor dares to release his film during the first and last week of the IPL, which are considered the most significant weeks of the tournament. But Akshay and producer Sajid Nadiadwala took a chance and it has paid off.\"The film took a strong opening in both multiplexes as well as single screen theatres, thanks to a mega-cast, aggressive promotion, a popular soundtrack and of course, the presence of Akki.Nadiadwala is all smiles, \"\"Housefull 2\" has taken the biggest opening for Akshay Kumar and my production house, Nadiadwala Grandsons. It is also Akshay's biggest hit overseas. In India the IPL hasn't affected it at all. As of now, it's among big openers like \"Bodyguard\" and \"3 Idiots\", but these films released during festive periods (Eid or Christmas).\"In the overseas market, Akshay's new release is all set to rewrite history. \"Housefull 2\" is his biggest opener in the UAE so far. In the UK, the film topped the charts over the weekend. Not just that, his performance in the film too has been lauded. So this time, it's a double whammy for AK.Director Sajid Khan is also ecstatic about the response to his film. \"All screens are going housefull,\" he says. \"I attribute a major part of its success to Akshay. He's been a superstar for the last eight years or so and will be one for many more years to go. The best thing about the film is that Akshay's work has been appreciated a lot. As far as the IPL is concerned, I have always maintained that if it's an entertaining film, it doesn't matter when it comes - the audience will accept it and that's precisely what's happened with this film.\" Akshay Kumar is on a roll. Now, all eyes are on his next release, \"Rowdy Rathore\". The film will see him returning to hard-core action and its promo is already a rage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12588812", "title": "Government hospital staff seek job security", "text": "MADURAI: Frustrated over the severe staff crunch of basic workers in government hospitals, and the government intending to fill vacancies through private contractors, the basic staff and sanitation workers of Tamil Nadu government hospitals across the state have decided to send telegraphs to the chief minister pleading her intervention in this regard.Addressing media persons here on Sunday, M Venkatachalam, state president of the Tamil Nadu Government Medical Basic Staff and Sanitation Workers Association, said there were more than 7,000 vacancies in the cadre of basic staff like male nursing assistants, female nursing assistants, cook, barbers, dhobis, office assistants, sanitation workers etc. \"After 1982, there were no new appointments in this cadre and the present condition is too stressful as there are no workers even to carry out work for one shift in the hospitals,\" he said. The association also expressed the plight of the present basic staff and sanitation workers who had to work for more than 12 hours in hospitals against the norm of eight hours. Lack of sanitation workers left the hospitals in very unhygienic conditions as government hospitals are visited by thousands of poor people in a day alone, they added.During the previous AIADMK regime, around 3,000 workers were appointed on contract and they are yet to be made permanent. \"For a meagre Rs 1,200 per month, these contract workers toil in the hospitals. The low income is forcing those workers to seek money from patients and in a way, the corruption in government hospitals is forced,\" Venkatachalam said. Recently, the government announced 15,000 vacancies in government hospitals which will be filled. However, the association expressed its fears that they too will be posted as contract workers. \"While the 3,000 odd contract workers are unsure of their future, government appointing basic workers on contract basis will only help private contractors and not the workers, who, again will be forced to work for paltry sums,\" It will only worsen the situation and corruption will be rampant in the hospitals,\"he stressed.\"The association has decided to send telegraphs to the chief minister, urging her intervention to fill the vacancies of basic and sanitation workers in government hospitals. We also urge the government to appoint these staff as permanent employees. All the hospital staff of basic and sanitation cadre will send out the telegraphs from Monday,\" Venkatachalam said.The association had also proposed to the government to form a housing corporation for government hospital staff on the line of the Tamil Nadu Police Housing Corporation. The Housing Corporation can take up construction works in the hospitals as well as maintain present government hospital buildings. Besides, the association has also urged the government to construct houses for hospital staff like the ones by the police department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12589466", "title": "Supreme Court seeks balance between fair trial and press freedom", "text": "Human beings across civilizations have always strove to strike a balance between working and resting, reporting and judging, befriending and avoiding, warmth and coldness, speech and expression, joy and frustration ... and many intermingled aspects of daily and social life.What is the right balance? It cannot be constant as it depends as much on the time and age as on a person's temperament, attitude and disposition. No one has found it and nobody can claim that he or she did everything right in life without displeasing anyone.In the era of 24x7 television and internet sweeping information across the world in a matter of milliseconds, the Supreme Court of India is attempting to strike a balance between the rights of the accused to a fair trial, protection of witnesses, public's right to know and media's right to freedom of speech and expression by exploring the possibility of laying down guidelines for reporting trials of criminal cases.A five-judge constitution bench has already put the debate cauldron on the hearth. It intends to fill the legal vacuum with a studied and debated guideline to prevent media's foray into the right to life domain of an accused, prejudicing him during the trial.Will it be law-making or just finding the law to fill the vacuum? The Supreme Court in the epic 'Keshavananda Bharati' judgment [1973 (4) SCC 225] had said, \"It is somewhat strange that judicial process which involves law-making should be called 'finding of law'.\"In India, the Supreme Court alone can interpret the law. English clergyman Bishop Benjamin Hoadley's 1717 sermon said, \"Whoever has absolute power to interpret the law, it is he who is the law giver, not the one who originally wrote it.\"American jurist Benjamin N Cardozo had in his book 'The Nature of Judicial Process' said, \"The law which is the resulting product is not made, but found. The process being legislative, (it) demands legislator's wisdom.\"It reminds M R Cohen's golden lines in the book 'Law and the Social Order' - \"Some simple hearted people believe that the names we give to things do not matter. But though rose by any other name might smell as sweet, the history of civilization bears ample testimony to the momentous influence of names. At any rate, whether the process of judicial legislation should be called finding or making law is undoubtedly of great practical moment.\"Given the complexities of the judicial law-making process intended to fill the legal vacuum, the Supreme Court would surely lay emphasis on the crucial balancing aspect.Mahabharat's Yudhisthir, who set supreme standards in balancing his speech and action, had passed his surrogate father Dharmaraj's two tough tests. On a hot day while in exile, the Pandavas were very thirsty. Sahadev, Nakul, Arjun and Bhim went in search of water one after the other. They found a lake but failed to answer lake-guard Yaksha's philosophical puzzles.Defiantly, they drank water and fell dead. Yudhisthir answered the questions. The Yaksha promised life only to one of his brothers. Yudhisthir chose Nakula and justified that since one of Kunti's son was alive, a son of Madri must live.Yudhisthir faced the other test during the Pandavas bodily journey to heaven. After his brothers fell on the wayside, a dog joined Yudhisthir and kept pace with him till the gates of heaven. Indra came with a chariot to take Yudhisthir but told him to leave the dog behind. Yudhisthir said he would rather spurn heaven to stay with his companion.In between these two incidents, Yudhisthir donned the role of a journalist when Kaurava general Drona was on a rampage on the 15th day of the Great War. The Pandavas killed an elephant named Ashwathama, which was also Drona's son's name. A rumour was floated that the enemy army chief's son was dead. Drona confronted Yudhisthir, who reported aloud that Ashwathama was killed while muttering under his breath that he was not sure whether it was a man or an elephant.It is difficult to explain why Yudhisthir, who perfected the art of balancing his speech and action, failed when it came to reporting correctly!Coming to the Supreme Court's guidelines exercise, a question arises - is it born out of over-sensitiveness? We hope it is not. For the court had in Rajesh Kumar Singh case [2007 (7) SCR 869] warned, \"Of late, a perception that is slowly gaining ground among public is that sometimes, some judges are showing over-sensitiveness with a tendency to treat even technical violations or unintended acts as contempt.\"It is possible that it is done to uphold the majesty of the courts, and to command respect. But judges, like everyone else, will have to earn respect. They cannot demand respect by demonstration of 'power'. Nearly two centuries ago, Justice John Marshall , the Chief Justice of American Supreme Court, warned that the power of judiciary lies, not in deciding cases, nor in imposing sentences, nor in punishing for contempt, but in trust, confidence and faith of the common man.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12590030", "title": "Brace up for flooded streets again", "text": "LUDHIANA: The sight of flooded streets and caved in roads of last year's monsoon seems to have escaped the memory of municipal authorities who have not yet proposed the installing of storm sewerage even in the worst affected areas. While they claim that scarcity of funds is preventing the work, residents are dreading the thought of suffering again and demanding to know how the MC plans to deal with water logging without storm sewerage.Even posh areas like BRS Nagar, Model Town, Model Town Extension, Dugri and other adjoining parts were flooded by the rain. Though MC officials admit that the existing domestic sewerage lines are unable to handle rain water and only 11% of the city has storm sewerage lines, they have done nothing about the situation yet.Sources revealed that the storm sewerage projects that were passed last year have not been commissioned till date. The MC authorities had decided to install storm sewerage in Dholewal Chowk that was to be connected with the sewage line passing through Gurdwara Dukhniwaran. It was to cost Rs 85 lakh but the project has not yet taken off. Similarly, in BRS Nagar there was a proposal for installing storm sewerage near Laxmi Narayan Temple.Residents rue that the problem lies in lack of planning. ''During rainy season, roads turn into lakes and instead of driving people should start boating. Last year too we had faced a very tough time due to water logging and it looks like we will have another year of the misery,'' said Amandeep Singh, a businessman staying in Dugri.SBS Nagar-resident Uma Sharma said, ''In our area three roads had caved in and all other roads were damaged a lot. The authorities have not been able to repair that damage yet and even now there is no proposal for changing things.''Trying to pacify residents, joint commissioner and head of operation and maintenance cell A S Sekhon said, ''There are several plans in the pipelines but all the plans cannot materialise at one time. We would install storm sewerages across the city one by one.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590548", "title": "CM to meet people every Wednesday", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will be meeting people at his official residence every Wednesday from April 18 onwards. Samajwadi Party in a statement on Sunday said that the CM will be attending people and will give directions to the officials accordingly.The party said that the state government should be given six-month time before any assessment of its work could be done. But that has not been the case with the opposition, which is hell bent on maligning the image of the party, SP spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said. He said the SP government has not been following the policy of political vendetta.The party stand comes a day after BSP leaders Naseemuddin Siddiqui and Swami Prasad Maurya accused the SP of maligning their image. Chaudhary said that the opposition leaders are finding it hard to survive as their unauthorised and illegal source of income has been blocked by the state government.He said that chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has already taken various pro-people decisions ever since he took oath as CM. That includes unemployment allowances, safeguarding graveyards, restoration of student unions and cut in government over-spending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12588661", "title": "Brother-in-law behind extortion bid", "text": "GURGAON: Records of mobile phone call details helped Gurgaon police nab a book shop-owner who had made an extortion call demanding Rs 20 lakh from his brother-in-law two days back. Police officers said that the accused was in debt and thought that he could pull off the trick and get cash to repay the loan.On Friday, the city police had lodged an FIR against an unknown person for making an extortion call to the victim, Shailendra Kumar , who also runs a book shop in Sadar Bazar in old city.Kumar had told the police that the caller had threatened to harm him and his family members if he did not give in to his demand. Shailendra lives at Mianwali Colony, one of the poshest blocks in the old city.He had told the police that the accused had called him on Thursday. Shailendra had also told investigators that when he tried to ask the caller who he was and why he was doing so, the accused disconnected his phone.Police officers investigating the case zeroed in on the mobile phone records to identify the caller and the details pointed to the fact that someone known to Kumar had made the call.Finally, they traced the call to a mobile number and found that the SIM card was issued to one Kamal Batra. The 30-year-old Batra is a resident of Krishna Colony in east Delhi and he owns a book depot in Gandhi Nagar locality.\"When we brought this to the notice of Kumar, we came to know that Batra is his brother-in-law. He has confessed that he resorted to this plan as he was in urgent need of money. We are awaiting further details. Batra is being interrogated,\" said an officer.He said that the accused had thrown the SIM card immediately after making the extortion call to Shailendra. \"We are trying to trace the SIM card. We expect he will reveal more during the investigation,\" said an investigator.This is not the first such case when a businessman took to desperate measures to deal with his financial crisis. On Saturday, Delhi Police had arrested a young businessman, who also later claimed that he was under huge debt, from Rohini when he was trying to rob cash from an ATM booth in his neighbourhood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bapora (bhiwani)", "code": "12588478", "title": "In Gen V K Singh's village, he can do no wrong", "text": "BAPORA (Bhiwani): In Bapora, General V K Singh's ancestral village, almost every house has either a serving soldier or a retired one. The village had a big celebration when Gen Singh became the Army chief in April 2010. Today, locals here including all the retired soldiers feel proud of the general for blowing the whistle against corruption and they allege he is being targeted for taking graft and malpractices head on.People from all age groups in this village of over 20,000 people start attacking the government and sections of arm equipment suppliers and the Army the moment you raise the issue of recent controversies, whether it's his date of birth row or alleged movement of troops towards Delhi. \"They can't fix him since he is a clean officer. One tiger is enough for all those are making allegations,\" said Parambir, a banker.Ninety-year-old subedar major (honorary captian) Gugan Singh, a close relative of the general, recalls him as a gentlemen with keen interest in studies. \"There is huge corruption in the Army - we know about the Bofors scam. None had the courage to raise voice. He has done it. All retired soldiers are with him. Had there been an iota of corruption against him, government would have fixed him by now. He never even favoured any local for getting a job in the Army,\" he added.The Army chief had visited the village in the last week of March when he participated in an exhibition held at the village government school. Yashpal Tanwar, a young businessman, said he touched the general's feet and also shook hands with him.Villagers said they would host a grand party for the general when he retires. Satbir Singh, who had played a key role in the April 2010 celebration, said people looked up to the Army chief as an inspiration. \"We had never heard anything against him until the smear campaign started against him recently. People don't believe anything spoken or written against him. We have seen how his mother led a simple life here,\" he said.The general's ailing mother is now in Delhi undergoing treatment.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589328", "title": "'State Bar Council chief was passive'", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka State Bar Council member Y R Sadashiv Reddy on Sunday said the council chairman Anandkumar A Magadum's passiveness had resulted in advocates staying away from court proceedings for 21 days after the March 2 violence. Magadum was voted out at a meeting here on Sunday.\"As a chairman, Magadum should have directed the advocates' association office-bearers to attend court proceedings. Instead, he became inactive and the agitation took the turn for worse,\" he alleged.\"We will be forwarding our resolution copy to the advocate-general, the ex-officio member of KSBC,\" said Reddy, a former KSBC chairman.What is KSBC?The Karnataka State Bar Council is a statutory body, constituted under the Advocates Act, 1961. Its functions include enrolling persons as advocates, prepare and maintaining the list of enrolled advocates, entertain and determine cases of misconduct against advocates on its roll, safeguard the rights, privileges and interests of advocates on its roll, promote and support law reform and provide financial assistance to needy advocates. A bar council can suspend or dismiss its member, preventing him from practising as a lawyer.A bar association is formed by lawyers practising in a court. The Advocates' Association of Bangalore (AAB) is a bar association formed by lawyers of the city. It is a body of advocates registered under the Societies' Registration Act. A bar association can dismiss its member but not take away his or her right from practising as a lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588266", "title": "Will change MCD on lines of government: Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress released its manifestos for the three new corporations on Saturday, promising rapid improvement in civic conditions and terming the trifurcation of MCD as the answer to \"BJP's misrule and corruption\" in the civic body.Riding high on her success in effecting the trifurcation, chief minister Sheila Dikshit took centre stage at the ceremony to release the manifestos laying out the party's vision and commitments to the entire city, and specific promises to residents under each of the three new corporations.Nearly half of each 20-page manifesto is devoted to the city government's achievements over three terms in sectors ranging from Bhagidari to environment, right to information, e-governance, education, health, transport and social welfare. The manifestos declare that Congress is seeking the mandate in the municipal polls on the basis of its track record at the helm of the city's government.Surprisingly, the documents list issuance of provisional certificates to unauthorised colonies as one of the government's achievements even when irregularities in the process have put the government in a spot and the promise of regularization has not materialized. They even claim that mapping and fixation of colony boundaries was done in a month when the process is still on.The manifestos' vision statement stresses that Congress will try to \"restore\" the common man's faith in MCD that has been shaken by large scale corruption under BJP. Holding up a copy, Dikshit promised a clean and corruption free municipal governance framework.The manifestos talk of trifurcation as the route to \"better governance, faster growth, greater transparency, accountability in administration, all-round development and an attempt to bring the corporations closer to people\". They describe the 50% quota for women in the polls as a \"revolutionary step\" for women's empowerment.While the government has harped on its performance, leaders refused to take questions on the many allegations of corruption against it. Replying to a question on corruption in her government, Dikshit said, \"When we will fight the assembly polls you will not ask us about MCD. There we will be asked about the state. Thus raising issues of corruption in government is BJP's ploy to shift attention from their misrule in MCD.\"All three manifestos end with an expression of the government's gratitude to residents. \"The trust you reposed in us in the assembly elections is the source of our strength. The result shows Congress government is changing the face of Delhi. The lack of control over basic municipal services administered by the BJP led MCD has been the main limiting factor in bringing about all round improvement in civic services.\"Later, asked about Congress' own poor record at the helm of MCD during 2002-2007, Dikshit admitted that their performance was certainly lacking. \"The problem was in the system. I don't say that we have a magic wand but with trifurcation we have at least taken a step in the right direction to effect change,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595137", "title": "Parvathy Omanakuttan at a Kochi fashion do", "text": "Kochi' s tryst with fashion continues with a five-day extravaganza. And welcoming that are Kochiites, who we've spotted shopping a lot more, probably to ensure that they are in their best too .Former Miss India Parvathy Omanakuttan was the show stealer at the pre-event. She looked swell and chic in a crimson red sari, edged with gold with red sequenced embroidery, and bikini blouse. The event also saw designer Hari Anand showcasing a bit of what to expect over the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588391", "title": "Youth held for mowing down one, injuring 11", "text": "MUMBAI: A 27-year-old man was arrested on Sunday morning for ramming his car into 12 persons and killing one of them in Kandivli (E) on Saturday night.Manoj Kushwaha was produced before a holiday court on Sunday and released on a cash bail of Rs 15,000.\"A bhoomipuja was organized at an open ground at Hanuman Nagar by Ruchipriya Developers for an SRA project. Many locals had attended it. The accident took place around 10.20pm when the guests were heading home after the puja,\" said an officer from the Samta Nagar police.The car, an Indigo, is owned by a contractor, Satish Tate, and Kushwaha works as a driver for him. Tate had attended the bhoomipuja and went home on his bike after instructing Kushwaha to bring the Indigo to his house.The Indigo was parked on one side of the dais. While steering the car out of the venue, Kushwaha lost control and rammed it into 12 people. Following the mishap, Kushwaha fled the spot.The deceased has been identified as Mallikarjun Unchali (48). The injured are Ankush Lotekar, Rajkumar Gupta, Mangalaprasad Chavan, Rahul Tarange, Sandeep Yadav, Lipnesh Tomar, Akhilesh Singh, Anil Yadav, Vasim Potna, Kanaram Prajapati and Anand Makhdum.Tarange, who recently appeared for his SSC exams, suffered severe head injuries and is in the ICCU. Prajapati and Makhdum sustained thigh fractures. The car's registration number led the cops to Tate as it is registered in his name. Officials then nabbed Kushwaha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12596642", "title": "Facebook fever: Tech startups spurn home turf", "text": "LONDON: After years lamenting their local technology scene, Europe's startups and their venture capital backers are finally bullish about building businesses on their home continent. They just don't want to list their shares there.Instead, companies including Irish communications software developer Openet and Prague-based antivirus firm Avast Software are headed for initial public offerings in New York, spurred in part by mounting investor interest in Facebook's $5 billion share sale.While cities like London, Dublin, and Stockholm have proven fertile ground for nurturing startups, listing in the US may gradually drive operations there, too, depriving Europe of the full fruits of its tech boom, Bloomberg Businessweek reports in its April 9 issue.\"Ten years ago, we would have expected that the majority of the companies we backed would go public in Europe, with a minority in the US. It's been completely the reverse,\" said Barry Maloney, founding partner of London-based venture capital firm Balderton Capital. \"There's huge opportunity that's being missed by European economies because most of the value in these companies is created after they go public.\"Last year, four European technology companies led by the Russian search engine Yandex raised a record $1.8 billion in New York IPOs, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The companies are fleeing their domestic bourses as US markets, less affected by Europe's debt crisis, offer higher valuations and greater liquidity.The average ratio of price-to-book value for companies in the MSCI US. Information Technology Index is 3.7, compared with 2.3 for tech companies in the Stoxx Europe 600 Index, as of April 4.Investing publicThe investing public in the US \"understands the sector better and is more willing to pay for growth,\" said Craig Coben, the London-based head of equity capital markets for Europe, the Middle East, and Africa at Bank of America.The value of tech IPOs in the US last year was $4.5 billion, compared with $389 million in Europe, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.Zynga, the San Francisco-based developer of games for Facebook, raised $1 billion in December and has seen its shares climb 19% as of April 5. LinkedIn raised $389 million in its May IPO. The last large-scale Internet IPO in Europe was in 2010, when Russia's Mail.ru Group raised $912 million in London.While the European markets have shown some signs of recovery this year, with Dutch cable operator Ziggo and Swiss marketing group DKSH Holding raising a combined $2 billion, the total amount raised in Europe still lags the US by a third.Tech lagEven with some successes, such as online jukebox Spotify , Europe's tech industry continues to lag the US. Total venture capital investment in the third quarter of 2011 in the US outstripped that in Europe by almost eight times, according to the European Private Equity and Venture Capital Association and the National Venture Capital Association.Only one of the 10 largest global technology companies by market value, Germany's SAP, is European. The value of tech companies in the US is $3 trillion, according to Bloomberg data, almost nine times the $351 billion in Western Europe.Balderton, whose investments have included stakes in British online loan provider Wonga.com, is planning US share sales for Openet, based in Dublin, and Globoforce, a provider of employee-recognition systems also founded in the Irish capital that's now based near Boston, Maloney said.NXP Semiconductor, the Eindhoven, Netherlands-based company that held a 2010 IPO in New York, now has more offices in the US than any other country.Xyratex, a data storage and network provider based in the UK, has four offices in the US and only one in Europe after its 2004 New York IPO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12590383", "title": "Community parking lot for citya s south", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first community parking in the southern part of the city could soon be a reality, as Chandigarh municipal corporation submitted a detailed feasibility plan of the project to the UT architect department for approval. The community parking lot expanding over around 25,000 square metre area involves both surface and underground parking facility which will accommodate 180 to 200 vehicles at a time.The authority, in its plan, mentioned it would save the 20 green trees on the site. Executive engineer Vishal Gupta said, \"As per initial feasibility plan, the site is perfect to construct the project of community parking. Once the architect wing of UT approves the project, we can construct the parking while accommodating the trees at their original spot.\"The architect wing had cleared the project site around two months ago and had asked the MC to submit to a feasibility report on it. Southern part\"s first community parking lot would be UT's second after the one at Sector 19. But, this would be first parking lot to have both surface and underground parking facility. The southern part, being densely populated, had been facing the problem of parking on the road and in parks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596294", "title": "Ekta started making TV serials like YRF: Sudha Chandran", "text": "Sudha Chandran was an inspiration already before she forayed in the glam biz. Since her first Bollywood release 'Nache Mayuri', a film based on her real-life story and how she braved out of a tragic accident and started dancing again; Sudha has never looked back and it's been almost three decades that this versatile artist has been entertaining the nation and globe via various mediums.Interestingly, she doesn't mind being recognized as a TV actor. Pleasantly honest and grounded, Sudha says, \"TV is what made me a star. It rescued me when I had no work and gave me recognition.\" Sudha says, \"Mostly we are addicted to television shows for two reasons; whether it's because we get to connect with the story-line as somewhat similar is faced by all of us, or otherwise it gives you something which is totally fictional, unrealistic but catchy. But then, Ekta changed all the rules. She started making television like Yash Raj films; her serials were lavish and larger than life. It was time of gloss and plastic.\" But she also says that, the plastic phase is over.\"TV is changing for good. I'm glad that the leveling is happening when we are blending the fiction with real-life treatment. Actors were also ridiculously overpaid in that era. Seldom, I used to ask myself 'Sudha, do you even deserve this much'. But we all went with the flow. Now, we all are paid for what we deliver and it feels good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12590292", "title": "Barking dogs drive biker to cops; owner booked", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 45-year-old woman advocate was booked after her two pet dogs suddenly started barking at a 24-year-old biker Gurmail Singh, causing him to lose balance and as a result sustain injuries. A case against the pet owner was registered in police station in Sector 36 on Sunday.According to sources in police, the incident took place on Friday night when motorcyclist Gurmail was returning from a gurudwara in Sector 38 along with his family. Gurmail was near the house of Kulwant Kaur in Sector 35 when her dogs, who were unleashed, suddenly started barking at the complainant. The biker got scared and lost balance. Cops came into the picture when heated arguments were exchanged between Gurmail and Kaur. Sukhdev Singh, father of injured and his sister were on another scooter behind Gurmail when the incident took place. Injured Gurmail added that when he confronted Kaur, she threatened him. He was taken to GMSH-16 and discharged after treatment.Investigating officer ASI Baldev Singh said, \"When I went to Kaur\"s house for verifying facts and rang the doorbell, two dogs suddenly came out barking at me. It scared me too.\" He added, Kaur was not home, but her family was informed about the criminal case registered against her.A case under Section 289 (negligent conduct with respect of animal) of the IPC was registered following the medical report of the injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12589355", "title": "Chasing a wild dream to strike eco balance", "text": "Unless there is predator-prey balance, it's difficult to ensure eco-balance.\" This philosophy, has, in fact, made a motley group of seven wildlife enthusiasts to do their bit for wild animals and their habitat.What triggered their interest is a talk by wildlife activist Sanjay Gubbi some years ago. Inspired, some of the group members volunteered for Wildlife Conservation Society in its activities. In the process, they met other like-minded people and set a common goal - to work at the ground level to create awareness among villagers and tribals about the importance of forests and its inmates. To harness their efforts, seven of them, in 20's and 30's, set up a trust Aranya Wildlife Trust in 2009.Speaking about his idea of conservation, trustee Anand S K, a techie, said: \"Nothing should be extinct, like the Indian cheetah. We must ensure this.\" Fellow green buddies Prashant Yavagal, accounts manager at a media house, and Harish N S, a mechanical engineer, said: \"That's what made us work towards creating awareness among villagers.\"Aranya has taken out poster campaigns in 150 villages bordering Nagarahole and Bandipur national parks, Nugu wildlife sanctuary and other forest belts. They have also screened documentaries on the forest intricacies and lifestyle of animals, in 15 villages.The other trustees are Praveen Mahajan, accounts manager, Anupama Kadam, lab researcher with a pharma company, Jayachandra Sharma, entrepreneur, and Vasudevan R, CA. Knowing that only sustained campaigns yield results, they have pledged their weekends for the cause. Recognizing their efforts, The Kumble Foundation recently conferred Wildlife Leadership Award on Aranya. The award comprises Rs 1 lakh and a citation.Recalling their days in the forest, the trustees said they often find the interaction \"wild\" with ignorant tourists and public, than with the beasts as the latter \"won't harm unless provoked\". \"Also, taking animal behaviour for granted is wrong. It is unpredictable,\" said Anand, adding that he has survived three \"wild chases\".At times, the trustees find themselves in piquant spots, especially when villagers bordering the forests air their grievances on loss of life and crop because of man-animal conflicts. \"Besides consoling them, the challenge lies in making them aware of the importance of woods,\" said Prashant, adding how they convinced people on how they are blessed with Western Ghats, the source of many a river and water stream.The team is clear about the season's requirement too. During summer, they help forest department either prevent wildfires (by keeping vigil) or contain them during emergency. Such work calls for compromise with regard to food and the place for sleep. \"It won't matter,\" said Harish, speaking about the importance of protected forests \"which is less than 5% of total land area in India. We have to ensure forests are safe, only then wild animals can live in peace.\"Last year, Aranya launched an annual programme for the benefit of forest watchers, the \"foot soldiers\" who otherwise are neglected. Ahead of monsoon last year, they collected contributions and donated 90 raincoats for watchers toiling in rain forests like Brahmagiri, Pushpagiri and Thalacauvery forests.Mentored by Gubbi and supported by Mysore-based Nature Conservation Foundation, Aranya trustees often fund their projects on their own. Their buzzword: \"Live and let live\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12589061", "title": "Farmers make a splash in water trade", "text": "HYDERABAD: The mineral water business in Hyderabad is being supported by an unlikely section__ that of farmers. With land prices crashing, farmers on the city outskirts who had lost hope of eking out a livelihood from farming have now found a solace in water trade. Realising the acute demand for water, these farmers, big and small, have in large number started venturing into packaged drinking water business in areas where their farmland is endowed with abundant ground water. As most of the land they own already has an agricultural borewell, the initial investment is minimal and conducive for the farmers to get into the water business. Needless to say, all these units are unregulated but do brisk business.That precious agricultural water is being commercially exploited is not their concern, they say. B Bal Reddy, a paddy farmer from Tellapur village, which is located close to Gachibowli has been a farmer for as long as he remembers but decided to venture into packaged drinking water business about two years ago. With an initial investment of around Rs 1.5 lakh, he set up a mineral water unit on a 100 sq yard piece of land on his three-acre agricultural land. \"There is no dearth of ground water in our village and also have a bore pump. Seeing the high demand for water, I had set up this plant for my son who now looks after it,\" said Bal Reddy.Bal Reddy, who has a reverse osmosis plant, sells close to 50 to 60 20-litre cans to the nearby water-starved localities everyday. However, Reddy's once lucrative business is now facing stiff competition. \"When I had setup this plant, it was the only one in the whole village. Now things have changed as many in the village and nearby areas are into the same business.\"Indeed, various villages that fall on the Gachibowli-Patancheru stretch have taken to this business on a largescale. The villages of Aminpur, Kollur, Nagulapalli and many others now have a thriving small scale industry of the packaged drinking water with each of them boasting of at least three to five such units.K Srisailam, a 36-year-old peasant from one of these villages had set up Royal Blue mineral water, about six months back. \"My family and I have faced many hardships in farming and even suffered losses. That is when I decided to set up this mineral water packaging unit along with my friend since I could see the demand for water. Now I am financially better placed, thanks to this business\" he said.These small-time farmers turned entrepreneurs sell their mineral water cans for anywhere between Rs 20 and Rs 30. There are also those who are making the most of the water crisis to make some quick money. A farmer at a small tract of land in Bolarum has tied up with a tanker operator for selling bore water as well as his open well water. \"Since I have not been doing farming since the last two seasons, I have decided to earn through selling water. I sell the open well water to the tankers for household purposes and the groundwater to the mineral water units.\" He says that this business is limited only to summer months and he earns close to Rs 1 lakh to 2 lakh in this season.\"The land rates have come down and there are hardly any buyers for our land. What we earn out of farming is also very less and hence, I felt water manufacturing business is the best option to keep us going financially,\" said G Ramulu, who now runs a unit on his land located on the LB Nagar highway.S Govardhan Reddy, president, AP packaged drinking water Manufacturers Association said, \"Such is the need for water that many small packaged drinking water units have mushroomed in the city and outskirts. This situation is not just limited to city as even in villages across the state there are many farmers getting into this business.\" He however feels that it is not easy for these small units to sustain for longer duration as most of them lack proper manpower and knowledge of the business.(This is the second in a series of reports on the business of mineral water in Hyderabad)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594504", "title": "Item songs go bad", "text": "The lyrics have gone from bad to worse with every item number becoming more suggestiveWords have a mysterious power in them they say, but what happens when those very words turn sour and vulgar? This is the state of current songs in Bollywood . With each item song becoming more blatant with suggestive connotations, the era of poetic lyrics seems to on the verge of a steep decline. So, what does a lyricist do in a situation like this? What is their plight in the time when the demand is based on sales and not aesthetics? Mayur Puri, who recently penned the item song 'Fan Ho Gayi' from the film Tere Naal Love Ho Gaya shares his viewpoints.Mayur says, \"This is the era where everyone wants a product that sells. And whoever claims to bring back the poetry in lyrics is just superficial because art is not perceived and received as art. It is all about the money and the opening (the opening collections for a film) one aims for.\" He adds, \"If you want art to be received as art then shut piracy, stop the misuse of music that is so openly being done these days, only then can you think of something constructive.\"These are the words of someone who feels the buzz about things going crass is pointless as the commercialization is so dominant that one will have to work according to what the market demands and not what you want to produce. But the flip side of the coin is that the very same commercialization and the pressure to produce within strict deadlines have opened gates for many others. He says, \"The market these days is open to the new comers. There are more new faces these days than ever before. Whoever says the market is monopolized or closed have no talent. They need to realize that and make way for those who deserve it.\"Well, one straight talker is this lyricist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12590341", "title": "Christians mark Easter celebrations in full swing", "text": "COIMBATORE: Christians in the city celebrated Easter with great fervour and devotion in the city on Sunday. Midnight mass was held at various churches and devotional houses where residents offered prayers and attended the holy sermon.Holy feast was arranged for the community members in some of the churches while majority of the churches in the city opted for distribution of boiled egg and black tea.\"The main message given to the believers at the Easter special mass and sermon was that of love and brotherhood. We also remembered the greatness and suffering of Jesus Christ and took pledge to try and abide by his principles in life,\" said rev, Prince Calvin of CSI Christ church near Gandhipuram.Most of the residents, who celebrated Easter after observing Monty Thursday and Good Friday opted to have a feast with close family members at their residence.Churches were decorated on late Saturday night and all arrangements were done to conduct the midnight mass as Easter dawned in the city. The timings of the special Easter Mass was organised between 12.30am and 2.30am in most of the city churches.Easter is observed after a 40 day Lenten period during which Christians observe fast and moderation before they rejoice on Easter to mark the resurrection of Jesus Christ three days after his crucification.\"Easter is one of the most important days in the year as it is a day of hope, faith and goodness which are missed by most of us in our daily busy schedules,\" said Leena Jacob, housewife, Gandhipuram.As most of the city residents preferred to celebrate the festival with their families at their homes, the city streets and shopping centres wore a deserted look unlike normal holidays. Some residents claimed the extremely hot weather as another reason for most preferring to stay indoors.\"Easter is not like normal festivals as the message of the day is more important than celebration and revelry,\" said SC Jeyakumar, chief pastor, Immanuel Church, Uppilipalayam, Coimbatore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587815", "title": "Farmers in state urged to use zero tillage machine for better yield", "text": "PATNA: New to Bihar, Zero Tillage Machine, operates in small farms easily after being tied to power tillers ( mini tractors). It enhances farm yield by drilling the soil and at the same time sowing the seeds while being driven by a power tiller by the small and marginal farmers.In 2011, agriculture scientists had goaded around 800 small and marginal farmers to purchase this machine and use them in their small farms to get higher yield, said director, agriculture, Arvinder Singh, adding that farm yield due to use of this machine has enhanced by 25 percent to 30 percent. This led the state to encourage these farmers to purchase the machine at the recently concluded Farm Mechanization Fair, he said.The machine drills and sow seeds between the stubbles of the previously harvested crops. There is no ploughing of the agriculture field and so the moisture in the soil remains intact which promotes fast germination of the plants from the seeds. This machine saves energy and time of the farmers and help conserve moisture in the soil as there is no ploughing which normally dries the moisture of the soil, Singh said.For the last few years, the machines were being used successfully by the farmers in Gujarat and Punjab. The manufacturers had approached the state government last year by displaying their use, he said.The purpose of the fair this year was to goad small and marginal farmers to buy these machines. These firms sold over 1,500 machines at the four-day fair and booked demands of other farmers for their supply through the local distributors. The state government is providing 50 per cent subsidy to the farmers who purchase the machine.The encouraging sign came from Rohtas district where such farmers, who have formed a cluster, purchased 1,000 such machines. Singh said at present the supply of the machines by the Gujarat and Punjab-based manufacturers has been delayed. An official said if farmers use the machines, Bihar's agriculture yield would increase substantially.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12590417", "title": "2 held for robbery at wine shop", "text": "PUNE: Two people were arrested on Saturday by the Pune crime branch for allegedly robbing Rs 72,000 at gun point from a wine shop on Pune-Satara road on Friday night.The suspects have been identified as Wasim Salim Patel (28) of Dandekar bridge slums and Salim Pathan (21) of Lohiynagar. The police have recovered Rs 69,860 and an air gun from the suspects.On Friday around 9.30 pm, Patel and Pathan had barged into a wine shop on the Pune-Satara road and looted Rs 72,000 by threatening the shop employees with the air gun. The duo had then fled from the spot on a motorcycle.Govekar said he had received a tip-off that Patel and Pathan were in possession of a gun and a large amount of money, and would be reaching a theatre near Dandekar bridge. He said the police laid a trap and nabbed the duo.Investigations revealed that Patil is a criminal on police record. He has cases of robberies and body offences registered against him. \"Pathan had recently shifted to Pune from Mumbai,\" Govekar said. \"We are investigating whether they were involved in other crimes.\"The investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Yashwant Phulawade, police constables Gurudas Naik, Namdev Gunjwate, Nasir Patel, Pradip Shitole and Chetan Mundhe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594797", "title": "Arjun\u2019s Anjaneyar reaches the temple", "text": "Action King Arjun had the 35-feet Anjaneya idol weighing about 140 tonnes installed at Girugambakkam in Chennai recently. The star is an ardent Anjaneya devotee and had ordered for the idol to be made particularly for the purpose.He attended the pooja along with his wife and daughter and performed all the rights on the advice of the purohits present at the venue.The idol has been made in a single stone by the artisans in Koira district in Karnataka. The star is extremely happy over the idol being placed at the temple and has said that work of building the temple will be completed in a year's time.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12594412", "title": "Movement of Army units routine drill: Defence secretary", "text": "NEW DELHI: Terming the movement of two Army units towards Delhi in mid-January as a routine drill, defence secretary Shashi Kant Sharma on Monday said no permission was required for the same from the government.Appearing before the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Defence, Sharma said the movement of the troops towards Delhi was a routine drill and no standard operating procedures were violated as it did not require permission from the Government, sources said.It is learnt that some MPs were of the opinion that after the clarification of the defence ministry and the Army on the issue, the matter should be treated as closed.This is for the second time that Sharma, along with Vice Chief of Army Staff Lt Gen S K Singh, appeared before the panel on the issue.Both were quizzed by the MPs in the standing committee on April 4 after the media report of suspicious movement of troops near the capital. Then they had dismissed it as baseless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12588552", "title": "Double delight for Shivaji Nagar cagers", "text": "NAGPUR: Shivaji Nagar Gymkhana (SNG) cagers are back with a bang. Having dominated the scene from Day 1, favourites in both the boys and girls section reigned supreme in the 39th edition of the Sub-Junior District Basketball tourney that concluded at the NASA courts of Surendra Nagar here on Sunday.While SNG boys thrashed Centre Point School (CPS) by a 38-point (51-13) margin, their girls' counterparts crushed Navyuwak Krida Mandal with an even bigger, 49-point (60-11) margin.Confident of sweeping the titles, an elated secretary and coach of SNG Shatrughna Gokhale said, \"I'm proud of my teams to have dominated the U-13 scene. In fact, we were a strong outfit and were without doubt the champion side.\" Elaborating further on his girls' victory, he said, \"Today's 11 points scored by NKM was the highest total recorded against us by any of our opponent in the tournament, so I can say all our 12 players were much more than deserving.\"Jay Dokey and Rucha Aurangabadkar, playing as point guards for SNG, were named tournament's best players.The one-sided girls' title clash saw Tanvi Patel (13), Rucha (12) and Siddha Deshmukh (11) combining well early on as SNG took a match-winning 30-point half-time lead to take complete control of the proceedings.Similar skills were on display in the boys' final. Shivansh Gupta (12) and Varun Barabdhe (8), Sarthak Vij (6) and Jay Dokey (6) gelled well, giving SNG a thumping win.The double delight for SNG in the U-13 category, however, came after four years with both their teams giving a similar display during the championship held at the Bajaj Nagar courts of NBYS in 2008.Last year both their teams finished runners-up. The year-long strict schedule and rigorous match practice helped them emerge triumphant, only to get a big round of applauds and loud three-cheers at the end. tnn.RESULTSBoys (final): SNG (Shivansh Gupta 12, Varun Barabdhe 8) bt CPS (Tejveer Singh Puni 8) 51-13 (17-6, 14-2, 10-4, 10-1)Semifinals: SNG (Varun Barabdhe 13, Jay Dokey 9) bt NBYS (Yash Jivtode 11) 42-17 (14-3, 5-3, 13-6, 10-6); CPS (Tejveer Singh 6, Kenneth Daniel 4) bt DKM (Amit Chaurasia 6, Ajinkya Pande 3) 15-12 (2-4, 2-4, 6-1, 5-3).Girls (final): SNG (Tanvi Patel 13, Rucha Aurangabadkar 12, Siddha Deshmukh 11) bt NKM (Rasika Pandey 4) 60-11 (18-4, 16-0, 10-5, 16-2).Semifinals: SNG (Tanvi Patel 10, Pritha Mukherjee 10) bt NBYS (Sneha Tembre 4) 42-4 (18-2, 12-2, 6-0, 7-0); NKM (Mrunali Sherkure 18, Rasika Pandey 12) bt PLSC 'A' (Sanjana Chopkar 4) 36-13 (13-6, 10-5, 7-0, 6-2).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588147", "title": "Squabble over bomb disposal suit scam", "text": "MUMBAI: Home minister R R Patil and his rural development counterpart Jayant Patil seem to be on collision course over allegations of corruption in the home department.A week ago, when the issue of the multi-crore bomb disposal suit scam was raised in the legislative council, R R Patil quickly admitted that there were large scale irregularities in the deal and a criminal case for forgery and cheating had been registered against the supplier. Surprisingly, a day after the statement, Jayant Patil jumped into the fray, saying R R Patil must take the probe to its logical end. Significantly, both had maintained complete silence till the Times of India exposed the scam.After 26/11, the home department had floated a tender for supply of high quality bomb disposal suits. After scrutiny of tenders by a committee headed by an additional director general of police, the contract was awarded to a Mumbai-based trader for 84 bomb disposal suits. Shockingly, the entire Rs 6.54 crore was paid to the trader on March 31, 2009, though he did not supply even a single suit. Since Jayant Patil was the home minister when the tenders were floated and payment made, it is assumed that R R Patil admitted to fraud in the deal as it gave him an opportunity to settle scores with his political rival. Incidentally, both R R Patil and Jayant Patil are from Sangli district.Drought of appreciationChief minister Prithviraj Chavan's luncheon meeting with farmers from drought-affected villages in his hometown Karad, Satara district, has boomeranged on him.Following critical media reports saying administration in the drought-affected western Maharashtra had collapsed, Chavan with some cabinet colleagues and officials visited a few villages. Apparently, Chavan was keen to know the preparedness of the district administration to tackle the drought. After a tour of the worst-affected villages, Chavan had lunch with the farmers.But a day after the tour he was at the centre of criticism. Not only opposition leaders, even Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar criticized him, saying lunch with farmers would not help tackle the drought and the government would have to take stern measures to address the farmers' plight. Even forest minister Patangrao Kadam and home minister R R Patil criticized the government for inept handling of the situation. A former chief secretary says if standing orders on tackling droughts are followed in letter and spirit, then farmers will get relief.Breathe easyAfter the Adarsh scam, revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat is the most relieved cabinet member as neither bureaucrats nor IPS officers come to him for government land. Under existing procedure, if a cooperative society is keen on securing government land at a nominal rate, it has to approach the revenue department for the purpose.Before the Adarsh scam rocked the country, well over 1,000 applications of proposed cooperative housing societies had been submitted to the revenue minister's office. Of these, 15 to 20 belonged to housing societies comprising leading politicians, bureaucrats and IPS officers. The societies promoted by babus and IPS officers had staked claim to prime land in the metropolis.Unfortunately, post-Adarsh, their dream of securing a flat in prime areas has been temporarily shattered. Thorat has made it clear that his office will not process any such proposal till chief minister Prithviraj Chavan takes a policy decision on allotment of government land. Chavan is unlikely to frame such a policy in the near future, as he fears that it will tarnish his clean image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12592642", "title": "Chef Sanjeev Kapoor takes tour of White House kitchen", "text": "WASHINGTON: India's celebrated chef Sanjeev Kapoor was given a rare insight into the historic kitchen of the White House, which prepares the food for US President Barack Obama, his family and the large number of guests invited to the resident of the first family every day.Kapoor was not only given the tour of the historic kitchen, but also had an intensive discussion with the team of White House chefs led by its executive chef, William 'Bill' Yosses, for several hours yesterday.He was accompanied by K N Vinod, an eminent Indian-American chef from Washington who runs three popular Indian restaurant in the nation's capital.Yosses, said to be a great lover of Indian food himself, took Kapoor and Vinod around the White House kitchen, but also gave him a tour of the kitchen garden of the First Lady Mitchell Obama.A frequent visitor to Indique and Indique Heights - the two popular Indian restaurants in the nation's capital - Yosses discussed at length of the growing popularity of Indian food in the US and at the white house.Kapoor presented his latest encyclopedic work on Indian food, 'How To Cook Indian' to Yosses and submitted copies of it for the President and the First Lady.\"It was a great experience,\" Kapoor told PTI after his, what he termed as - once-in-a-life experience.\"It is great to see how interest in India food is growing. When (Prime Minister) Manmohan Singh Comes (to the White House) Indian food being on the menu is quite understandable. But Indian food is being introduced in other ways also,\" he said.Kapoor said, a trip to the White House Sunday, on the eve of Easter when it is expecting 30,000 visitors and the kitchen is making preparations for them, reflects the gaining importance and recognition of Indian food in the White House.Yosses took them around and shared behind the scene preparations for the Easter.Before visiting a White House kitchen, one would expect a fairly large, but that's not the case, he said.\"Being a chef I can tell you that cooking 4,000 people from that kitchen is not an easy thing, which can be very very challenging,\" Kapoor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12588375", "title": "Cops blame insufficient manpower, lack of infrastructure for spiralling crime rate", "text": "NOIDA: Even as the city is braving a surge in criminal activities, police say that they are left helpless in not being able to improve law and order due to insufficient manpower and infrastructure. Crime has reached such limits that let alone late night, they are even being committed during the day. Senior police officers admit this, but have assured that they will soon overhaul the system to improve policing.Crime against women has gone up and women are forced to stay indoors. The Noida police recorded more than 200 chain snatching incidents in the last eight months. \"The conditions in and around my sector does not allow me to go out after 6pm. I became a victim of chain snatching just outside my house. The sector 39 police station is a few metres away, but even then my gold chain was snatched in broad daylight,\" said Sudha Sachdeva, a resident of sector 39.The crime rate has gone up in upscale areas like sectors 39, 37, 27, 52, 26 and 19. Residents of housing societies falling along Noida-Greater Noida expressway feel a step-motherly treatment is being meted to them by police. Sectors like 74-79, 82, 93, 112-119, 129 and 168 are most crime prone due to close proximity to Ghaziabad and Surajpur. Criminals easily find a way to escape after carrying out their activities.\"We admit that police patrolling is deplorable in the city. But we have chalked out an extensive plan to beef up the security, especially in sectors that fall along the expressway. We are working on a visible policing concept and soon residents will feel a sense of security in the city,\" said SP (City), Yogesh Kumar, adding that the best officers have been appointed for several squads to control crime.Though Noida has emerged as a hub for industry and international business, series of abductions have showed the shocking condition of law and order in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12590176", "title": "Stern action against misuse of funds", "text": "ALLAHABAD: PWD minister Shivpal Singh Yadav said here on Sunday that stern action would be taken against those who were found guilty of misusing public money in the name of building parks and memorials on Lucknow and Noida. \"The state government has already ordered a probe into the alleged misuse of public funds,\" he said.\"We will not hesitate in sending the culprits to jail, no matter how highly-placed they had been. If the former chief minister Mayawati and members of her cabinet are found to be at fault, we will not think twice before acting against them,\" the minister said.\"During the assembly elections, the Samajwadi Party had promised the people of UP that if voted to power it would bring to book all those responsible for the large-scale misuse of public funds in the name of building parks and memorials in places like Lucknow and Noida,\" Shivpal said, adding \"We have started acting in this direction by getting the matter investigated.\"He claimed that the repair of roads was taking place at a very brisk pace and \"in the next two-three months potholes will vanish from the state\".Expressing concern over the rape of three minor girls at a city-based juvenile home, the minister said \"strongest possible action will be taken against those who are found responsible for such a lapse\".He, however, declined to comment on the spat between cabinet colleague Mohd Azam Khan and the Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid Syed Bukhari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588272", "title": "Delhi Daredevils bat for Delhi Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: This IPL season, you will be seeing cricket stars on the Delhi Metro too. As part of its efforts to create awareness among Metro passengers, the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has tied up with the Delhi Daredevils. \"Virender Sehwag and Umesh Yadav will feature in a number of audio and video awareness messages pertaining to issues like passenger safety, not obstructing the closing of Metro train doors, not crossing the yellow line at platforms and so on ladies coach,\" said the DMRC spokesman, Anuj Dayal.Apart from Sehwag and Yadav, the GMR group owned Delhi Daredevils' coach Eric Simmons and Robin Bisht have also appeared in these awareness films and a few more national and international players are expected to feature in these films in the days to come, added the Metro official. \"Delhi Metro in association with Delhi Daredevils will also attempt to display social messages related to passenger behaviour at different locations inside Metro stations and trains during the IPL-2012 period,\" said Dayal.As a number of people are expected to come to watch IPL matches to be held at Delhi's Feroz Shah Kotla stadium, an exclusive kiosk will also be made operational inside the facility during match days, where spectators will be able to purchase Delhi Metro's \"Tourist Smart Card\" for unlimited ride on the Metro. Delhi Metro has also permitted GMR group to sell IPL match tickets from its five prominent Metro stations like Rajiv Chowk, Kashmere Gate, Pragati Maidan, Janakpuri West and Netaji Subhash Place, added Dayal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593613", "title": "MBA in urban management", "text": "A two-year MBA in urban management has been launched by The Energy and Resource Institute (TERI) University. Rapid urbanisation and expansion of our cities has brought in new challenges in management and governance. These challenges require a radical change in the way we have been managing urban development in our country.\"There is a severe shortage of trained manpower to manage urban development in the country, which has resulted in haphazard and non-inclusive growth, deficient basic services and weak and fragmented institutions in urban centres. This course has been launched to fulfil the increasing demand for urban development professionals with managerial skills,\" says Rajiv Seth, registrar and professor of finance, at the university.The subjects that will be taught over the four semesters include managerial economics, urban policies, urban legislation, municipal accounting and financial management, project development, management and financing and SEZ and township development, among others.The programme will be taught by the faculty from TERI University, professionals from TERI and other research and consultancy-based development organisations and practitioners from public and private sectors engaged with urban development. \"A significant emphasis has been laid on the principle of 'active learning based on strong conceptual understanding' through academics and professionals delivering the course. Students would have to undertake an eight-week summer internship as well as a research project to show their understanding of real-world urban management problems,\" says Seth.On employment opportunities, he says that the university has a placement cell to assist, both for projects and for final placements. \"Students can join government organisations or private sector firms engaged in urban and real estate development and management and infrastructure, consulting firms, financial institutions, non-governmental organisations and community-based organisations participating in urban development activities, and institutions conducting urban research, training and capacity building activities,\" he adds.Aspirants must hold a Bachelor's degree with minimum 50% aggregate marks or an equivalent CGPA and English as a subject at least till the +2 level. Those appearing for the final year of Bachelor's degree/awaiting results can also apply. Candidates will be shortlisted based on GMAT/ CAT/ MAT scores and marks obtained in the qualifying degree.Selection from shortlisted candidates will be on the basis of group discussions and interviews conducted by the university in Delhi. The total numbers of seats for the programme are 30. For more information, visit, www.teriuniversity.ac.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12590321", "title": "Infant's body found in dustbin at Sindhi Camp", "text": "JAIPUR: The dead body of an infant boy, born at the Janana Hospital, was dumped in a dustbin near Pareek College in the Sindhi Camp police station area by a couple belonging to Alwar district.Police said that to avoid the hassle of burying the body, the couple left it in the bin before leaving the city. After police registered a case in the matter and made enquiries about the newborn children at Janana Hospital, the child's parents were identified. However, action is yet to be taken against the couple.According to the police, the body of an infant boy was found in a dustbin on the Pareek College Road on Saturday. \"Some passers-by informed the police following which a team from Sindhi Camp police station was rushed there. An FIR was registered against unidentified couple for dumping the body,\" said a police officer.During investigation, it was found the boy had been born to the wife of one Rajesh Sharma who works at a chartered accountant's office in Jaipur, the officer added.\"He had brought his wife from Alwar and admitted her to Janana Hospital for delivery. However, when the boy was declared dead on birth, Rajesh dumped his body in the dustbin,\" said Bhanwar Randheer Singh, in charge of Sindhi Camp police station. Police said that Rajesh is being quizzed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "supaul ( bihar )", "code": "12588043", "title": "8 killed as bus falls into ditch in Bihar's Supaul district", "text": "SUPAUL ( BIHAR ): Eight persons were killed and 20 others injured when a bus in which they were travelling fell into a roadside ditch in Bihar's Supaul district today, police said.The bus was on its way to Raniganj in Araria district from Triwaniganj in Supaul when the driver lost control over the vehicle.Eight persons were killed on the spot in the accident while the injured were admitted to a government hospital, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12589284", "title": "Online fraud was committed through phishing", "text": "KOCHI: The cyber police suspect that fraudsters might have used phishing technique to collect the online banking details of the city-based doctor whose account was hacked. Fraudsters siphoned off Rs 11.14 lakh from the account in a single day.A police official said that the fraudsters had managed to host a fake website in the name of a leading new generation bank and the doctor might have logged into this website. \"He might have used the fake website to conduct an online transaction enabling the fraudsters to get his password and other login details,\" the official said.The cyber wing conducted a check on the doctor's laptop, which he has been extensively using to conduct online transactions. \"We completed the cyber forensic examination of his laptop. Hackers have hosted a lot of lookalike websites of private banks. Once a person enters his or her login and password details, they use it to operate the person's account,\" the official added.On March 30, the cyber criminals accessed the online bank account of Dr Shabeer Khan, and transferred money to 20 accounts situated in different bank branches in the country. They obtained a duplicate SIM card of the victim's mobile number from Andhra Pradesh and used it to activate the online transaction.\"We will probe, on what grounds the mobile telecom operators issued the duplicate SIM card to them, while the registered customer of that mobile number was using it in Kerala,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12587930", "title": "Power shift in island city", "text": "MUMBAI: Over 10 lakh power consumers in the island city will have a second choice of supplier. The appellate tribunal for electricity (ATE) on Saturday upheld the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC)'s decision to allow Tata Power to supply electricity to consumers in the island city within a year by laying its own supply network.While suburban consumers could choose between two power suppliers, Reliance and Tata, users in the island city were, till now, dependent on Brihanmumbai Electric Supply &amp; Transport (BEST) Undertaking's supply.ATE's order, said experts, will facilitate competition among suppliers and benefit consumers by way of cheaper power tariffs. BEST had challenged MERC's order before the ATE a year ago. After ATE favoured MERC's decision, BEST approached the Supreme Court, which asked ATE to hear all parties involved.BEST, while challenging MERC's order, had contended that its jurisdiction could not be intruded upon by any other supplier as it is an autonomous body controlled by the municipal corporation, and that its network cannot be offered to other utilities to supply power to its consumers. The ATE, in its judgment, said BEST's status as a local authority cannot hinder consumers' right to a choice of supplier.The original MERC judgment had made it clear that Tata will have to lay a network where it doesn't have one within a year to supply power to consumers. In areas where Tata has a sub-station, it must provide connections within three months of the receipt of consumers' applications and within one month in areas where it has a network, said the MERC order, adding that failure to do so would result in Tata being slapped with a penalty.MERC gave its judgment in 2009 on a plea filed by a BEST consumer, Guruprasad Shetty, seeking to switch to Tata. Shetty had applied to Tata for a connection to avail of cheaper tariff for his restaurant, but his application was rejected. MERC ruled in his favour.Sources said Tata could supply power to thoseconsumers in SoBo where it has a sub-station nearby, but such areas are limited. It will take time for Tata to lay its network and supply power to consumers who are nowhere near its network. Tata may face hurdles while setting up its network as there is very little space to lay wires and set up new sub-stations and transformers.Recently, MERC allowed BEST to increase its tariff to compensate for losses in its transport division. This is expected to fuel a large-scale move of BEST consumers to Tata Power if this order is implemented in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12590538", "title": "Political hand behind Christian divide?", "text": "MAPUSA: Tension gripped Sodiem-Siolim when some Catholic parishioners clashed with 5 Pillars Christian Church pastors Domnic D'Souza and Jo-an D'Souza on Saturday night. Police later arrested the couple. Fearing \"communal violence\", the Bardez mamlatdar also locked the premises of the protestant church.Villagers claimed 'Domnic D'Souza and Jo-an D'Souza Ministries' is \"destroying communal harmony\" in the village. In a letter to the Bardez sub divisional magistrate (SDM), Sodiem resident Philomena Fernandes and others alleged that D'Souza and his wife was disturbing the \"peace and tranquility and hurting the religious sentiments and social endeavour in the village.\" Tension began when parishioners alleged that D'Souza began burning fire crackers at about 11.35pm on Saturday while the mass was on.\"It was purposefully done to hurt our sentiments, disturb peace and unity. As it was objectionable to them, all the people gathered after the mass and decided to demand arrest of both Domnic and his wife,\" said Francis Fernandes, former sarpanch, who joined the BJP before the March 3 assembly polls. Villagers went to the Mapusa police station demanding D'Souza's arrest.Police arrested the couple early Sunday morning under several sections of the IPC and Madhya Pradesh Noise Pollution Control Act. Some villagers claimed tension was prevalent again on Sunday. Bardez mamlatdar Brijesh Manerkar visited the site. \"We resolved the law and order situation and locked the premises as there was no manager at the premises,\" Manerkar said. The couple had applied for bail which was rejected. Police have also registered D'Souza's counter complaint against some parishioners for threatening, rioting and damaging property. A large police posse from Mapusa, Pernem , Anjuna, and India Reserve Battalion were stationed at the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587541", "title": "Patna zoo to have a pair of chimpanzees soon", "text": "PATNA: The Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park here will soon have a pair of chimpanzees from the Nandan Kanan Zoo in Orissa, in exchange of a female giraffe. The paper work has been completed and the new guests will arrive once the weather is suitable for their transportation.\"We are waiting for suitable weather condition as summer is not ideal for transportation of animals,\" said Abhay Kumar, director, Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park. A ten-month-old female giraffe will be exchanged with the pair of chimpanzees, he said.In the last eight months, several animals have been brought from other zoos to the park, spread over 153 acre of land. It has completed the pairing of its cat family and expects good breeding in 2012-13 season.\"The Patna zoo has a good strength of cat family. For the first time, we have got a pair of Asiatic lions from Hyderabad zoo,\" Abhay said, adding that a giraffe was expected to deliver a baby in June.\"While bringing new animals, we focus on checking their health and age. We try to bring to our zoo the animals approaching adulthood. All the animals we have brought in the last four exchange programmes are from 2.5 to 5 years of age. Animals of this age can easily adapt to change in surroundings,\" explained the director.Rhinoceros, hippopotamus and crocodiles from Patna zoo are mostly in demand in the exchange programmes.Earlier, there was imbalance in the number of male and female tigers and lions, which resulted in poor breeding in the cat family. Now, the zoo has about 1200 guests, which include different species of birds, reptiles and mammals.Veterinary doctor of the Patna zoo, Ajit Kumar , said, \"Animals are sensitive by nature and require proper care during their transportation from one zoo to another. We collect their diet list and a detailed report about their daily routine.\"Following is the list of animals brought to Patna zoo recently:MonthFromTo Patna zooIn exchangeTo arriveNandan Kanan (Orissa)One pair of chimpanzeesOne female giraffeMarch, 2012Sephahizala Zoo (Tripura)One pair of leopard catsOne pair of hippopotamusMarch, 2012Guwahati ZooOne male leopard catTwo female jungle catsOne pair of LeopardOne pair of peacocksOne pair of langursOne pair of JackalsAugust, 2011Hyderabad ZooOne pair of Asiatic LionOne pair of White TigerOne male Royal Bengal tigerOne pair of Rhinoceroses - Indian one horned*Data provided byzoo director", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12590278", "title": "Illegal liquor worth Rs 62 lakh seized", "text": "JAIPUR: Kanota police on Sunday seized a huge consignment of liquor of premier brands worth Rs 62 lakh and arrested two Haryana-based men. Police said the consignment was being smuggled to Gujarat from Haryana's Bulandshahar.According to SHO, Kanota Vijaypal Singh, police got a tip-off that a truck carrying illegal liquor was on its way to Gujarat.\"The truck was intercepted and checked. The police recovered about 1,022 cartons of Indian made foreign liquor. The liquor included whiskey and vodka of premium brands and is worth about Rs 62 lakh,\" said Singh.He added that two men, Shahab Singh (45), a resident of Jamuna Nagar in Haryana and Sher Singh (25) belonging to Karnal, were rounded up.\"The documents with them showed that they were carrying rice bags,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12589159", "title": "Tsunami atlas to help combat disasters", "text": "KOLKATA: The killer Tsunami or undersea megathrust earthquake that jolted India and several South Asian countries on December 26, 2004, can bare its fangs any moment again, say experts at IIT Kharagpur. According to studies, the earliest records of the lethal natural phenomenon date back to the time of Alexander the Great. To cite a more recent instance, a Tsunami had its epicentre in the Arabian Sea in 1945.Though for the world, Tsunami happened on December 26, 2004, according to experts at IIT Kharagpur, this was not the first time that the lethal natural phenomenon happened. Also, the deadly occurrence can happen again, at any moment. According to studies that these experts are now dealing with, the earliest records of Tsunami can perhaps be found during the time of Alexander the Great and again, more recently, in 1945 when it had happened at the Arabian Sea.A team of experts from the institute is studying the trends of Tsunami so that the country isn't caught unawares like the last time. The institute, under the aegis of the union ministry of human resources development, has tied up with the University of Massachusetts , Dartmouth, and has set up a Centre for Oceans, Rivers, Atmosphere and Land (CORAL) that will eventually build a Tsunami warning system for the Indian Ocean. This system will help to undertake better disaster management lest the killer strikes again in that ocean. Experts feel that the loss was massive last time as the country had been taken unawares. the country will not be caught unawares like last time.A noted oceanographer from the university and also an alumnus, Avijit Gangopadhyay, who has done a lot of related studies for the Pacific Ocean , will be guiding CORAL in this project. Incidentally, Gangopadhyay, belongs to the 1979 batch of the institute.\"What is first needed is a travel time atlas. This will help one to gauge know how long it will take for the earthquake to travel from its epicentre in the ocean to a particular coastal location. Thus, for example, the shock waves will not reach Port Blair and Chennai at the same time. We will also try to predict the height of the waves in the different coastal locations. Once these are known, post disaster operations can be better planned and many more lives can be saved,\" said a faculty member and a scientist at CORAL.The atlas will map the impact of Tsunami shock waves in 250 stations and at least 40 countries surrounding the Indian Ocean will benefit from it, he added. \"Such studies have already been done for the Pacific Ocean. It has covered more than 1000 stations and hence countries surrounding it are prepared to handle Tsunami much better,\" said director of the institute, Damodar Acharya.But CORAL will not be taking note only of Tsunami. The projects that have been designed will study other disasters like the Gujarat earthquake, Orissa cyclone and floods of 1978.\"Our aim is to mitigate post hazard effects of earthquakes, floods and storm surges and design what evacuation strategiescan be adopted. A large part of our study will primarily focus on West Bengal and the east coast because a large number of cyclones develop over the Bay of Bengal and have the potential to be extremely destructive,\" said a scientist. We will develop high resolution three dimensional cyclones, storm surge and wave forecasting models which will be used to forecast these disasters,\" a scientist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12588133", "title": "Help improve life of people, Neeri urged", "text": "NAGPUR: The 55th foundation day of National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) on Sunday was for the first time marked by many novel and added attractions than the usual anniversary lecture by a guest and prize distributions. Its premises had more hustle bustle than any other institute day programme. There were students from all over the city. There were academicians from the university and water engineers and experts.Besides the Neeri scientists and other staff members they all were there to be part of the Neeri celebrations and also for some unique interactive sessions and exhibitions organized for the first time on the occasion thanks to innovative celebration ideas by, Satish Wate, director of the institute.Students from ten different schools and research scholars as well as post-graduate students were called in for model exhibitions and poster competitions. The director also added another dimension to the programme. He initiated nine awards for the first time for excellence in different fields for his staff. Beginning from best scientist to young researcher to administrator, he announced awards to encourage work atmosphere and provide incentive to deserving persons.The programme was inaugurated by professor Asit Biswas, a world renowned water expert. Biswas said Neeri had immense potential and ability to work for solving societal problems and should use this capability for improving the lives of the common man. Professor Kasturi Datta, chairperson, Neeri Research Council, asked the scientists to continue their work towards excellence. Wate gave the welcome address.To mark the occasion, awards were presented to environmental materials division for the highest number of publications and highest filed patents, EIRA division for maximum external cash flow and Mumbai zonal lab for the highest number of technology transfers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589283", "title": "CM has not done enough to tackle drought: B S Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa who recently embarked on a visit to drought-hit areas has submitted his report card. He feels chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda has not done enough to tackle drought in the state and partly blamed the Centre for the lacunae.\"Immediately release Rs 200 crore for providing employment to people in drought-hit areas and provide Rs 25 lakh to every drought-prone taluk for sinking new borewell, repair of borewells and other relief works,'' Yeddyurappa wrote in his six-page letter addressed to Gowda on Sunday.Yeddyurappa, who had undertaken a four-day tour in the districts of Koppal, Gadag, Bijapur, Raichur and Yadgir to study the drought conditions in the North Karnataka region, said the MNREGA programme has come to a halt as the Centre has not released Rs 400 crore due to Karnataka. He also said the state should provide Rs 200 crore to ensure employment to people.He also asked Gowda to lead an all-party delegation and seek Rs 1,000 crore immediate assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593588", "title": "Global engineers", "text": "From June 2013, finding a job in any part of the world may become simpler for Indian undergraduate students of engineering. This will be possible when the National Board of Accreditation (NBA) in India, under the aegis of All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), becomes a permanent member of the Washington Accord.The NBA has decided to invite the WA to audit its accreditation system in 2013, which is crucial to become a permanent member. If India becomes a permanent member of the WA, Indian UG engineering degrees will be on a par with similar degrees provided by countries like the US, UK, Australia, Canada, Singapore, Japan, South Africa , Ireland, New Zealand, Hong Kong, Chinese Taipei , Korea, Malaysia and Turkey who are already permanent members of the WA.Elaborating further, Dinesh K Paliwal, member-secretary, NBA, says, The impact of globalisation in the current world scenario has necessitated trans-border migration of technologies, technicians and professionals to various countries at a much rapid pace than ever before. Therefore, it is imperative to evolve a quality assurance framework to bring the quality of technical and professional education imparted by institutions /universities of international repute to meet the global standards. The WA is an international agreement among bodies responsible for accrediting engineering degree programmes. Its membership facilitates the mobility of engineering graduates and professionals globally for employment and career advancement.So, how does it work? Only after NBA accredits a particular programme being taught in a particular institution or university after a thorough inspection (checking whether the course falls into the parameters as required by the WA), the course will be recognised globally easing mobility for Indian engineers, says Paliwal.According to Paliwal, for example,once NBA becomes permanent signatory of Washington Accord, if a student after obtaining a degree in any programme that is accredited by the NBA, in future decides to work abroad, s/he will not be required to prove his/her credentials by doing another course and duplicating efforts. The students degree will be accepted internationally and s/he will be eligible for the global job market.To acquire full signatory status to the WA,NBA has started work on creating international benchmarking for Indian institutes. There is still a lot of work that needs to be done on outcome assessment and accreditation before applying for a permanent status. As of now around 140 institutes have applied for accreditation under the new framework, says Paliwal.Every member country needs to undergo regular monitoring for five years. India is currently under the status of a provisional member of the Washington Accord.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12589012", "title": "'PVNR flyover unsafe for commuters'", "text": "HYDERABAD: The country's longest flyover, PVNR elevated expressway, is unsafe for road users. This startling fact came to light when the National Institute of Technology (NIT), Warangal, conducted a study on road safety and submitted its report to the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) recently.The report also exposed poor maintenance of the 11.71-km flyover which starts at Mehdipatnam and ends at Aramgarh junction.The PVNR elevated expressway was opened to traffic in October 2009.An expert team led by NIT professor Dr CSRK Prasad, who heads the transportation division of the department of civil engineering, inspected the flyover last December and submitted a detailed report, including suggesting a few remedial measures.The team observed that dirt was getting deposited all along the expressway on either side. As a result, the pavement edge markings were not clearly visible to road users. Moreover, the carriageway width has been reduced due to branches of trees on some stretches causing inconvenience to commuters.\"Cleaning the carriageway at regular intervals to prevent accumulation of dust and cutting branches regularly have to be taken up,\" the report said.\"Damaged electric poles were observed on some stretches of the expressway and this reduces visibility of road users at night. For safety reasons, the damaged poles have to be replaced immediately. Streetlights on some locations were not glowing and there was a need to provide lighting all along the expressway for safe driving especially at night,\" the report added.\"The setback distance of a building near Mehdipatnam entrance ramp is very less. The noise disturbance caused to occupants of the building is very high as the structure is located very close to the flyover. The team suggested installing noise barriers near the building to reduce noise effect and a mesh to cover the entire building,\" they suggested.The team also found that two-wheelers were plying on the expressway despite restrictions. \"A signboard has been put up near the entry point of Aramgarh junction but is not visible. Some signboards have also been found to be damaged,\" the report said.\"We have sent the report to M/s Simplex Infrastructure Limited, Hyderabad, which constructed the flyover, to respond to the observations. Based on their comments, we will issue notices to the firm to take up remedial measures,\" HMDA sources told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590327", "title": "Couple nabbed for frauds worth Rs 9 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A couple that had disappeared in July 2009 after duping 30 persons of Rs 9 lakh was arrested by Amraiwadi police from Naroda on Sunday. Police are now questioning the duo whether they were involved in any similar incidents in the past.According to Amraiwadi police, Heeraben Leuva, a resident of Amraiwadi, had filed a complaint against Monika Barot and her husband Chandresh - founders and volunteers of Sahyog Apang Mandal - for cheating of Rs 50,000 in August 2009.In her complaint, she had mentioned that the couple had told local residents that the AUDA had come up with a new housing scheme for the poor in Anandnagar. As they were working in the social service sector, they had been asked to identify such beneficiaries who would get Rs 90,000 off in Rs 4 lakh to Rs 5 lakh dwelling.\"People believed them and started coaxing them to get them a house in western part of the city for better living and investment purpose. On a few occasions, Chandresh also accompanied the interested persons to the site and told them that they would surely get the flat. We have so far got 30 complaints where the complainant had paid money for the flats to the duo. The duo disappeared in July 2009 after pressure started mounting on them to deliver,\" said an Amraiwadi police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12590350", "title": "Deadlock continues as PSG nurses' strike enters third day", "text": "COIMBATORE: The stand-off between the nursing staff and management of the PSG Hospital here is snowballing into a major issue with both sides remaining adamant on their stand on day two of the flash strike. As many as 450 nurses are abstaining from hospital duty since Saturday.Meanwhile, the protest took a political hue on Sunday after Valparai MLA and CPI district secretary M Arumugam gave full patronage to the protesting staff on behalf of his party. He is also expected to raise the issue in the state assembly on Monday, seeking government's intervention to sort out the matter.\"The nurse strike at PSG Hospital was discussed at the state committee meeting of our party on Saturday. It has been decided to raise the issue in the assembly and seek a quick solution to the grievances of the nursing staff,\" Arumugam said.The nursing staff remained outside the hospital and carried on with their sit-in protest on Sunday. They claimed that the hospital management has not responded to their demand to ensure minimum wage of Rs 15,000 and also to end the alleged arm-twisting tactics of the authorities against some of them inside the hospital.The protesters were joined by Dr GR Ravindranath, president, Tamil Nadu Medical Workers Association on Sunday. He is expected to meet district collector M Karunagaran on Monday and take up the issue with him.\"We demand the government to form a committee and look into the matter immediately. The hospital management is not responding to us at the moment. We are demanding them to ensure that the medical council guidelines and parameters are followed,\" Ravindranath said.The PSG Nurses Welfare Association Members, which is spearheading the strike, have sought police permission to take out a protest rally on Tuesday against the hospital management.According to hospital authorities, they were willing to negotiate with the protesters only if they return to duty. However, an informal agreement has been arrived between the private hospitals in the city. As per the agreement, some of the hospitals in the city have agreed to temporarily feed PSG hospital with their medical staff until the crisis is resolved. However, the protesters claimed that it should not be allowed as it was against the medical council norms.\"Around five staff members from another hospital were to be deputed here but the striking nurses refused to allow them to enter the hospital. We are trying to ensure that the patients admitted in critical state gets proper medical care,\" said Dr Vimal Kumar Govindan, medical director, PSG Hospital.The hospital has not been admitting fresh cases since Saturday and is attending to only critical patients. Rest of the patients have either been discharged or referred to other hospitals. The medical facility, with a total capacity of 900 patients, has only about 300 patients admitted for treatment. Some of the nursing supervisors, medicos, junior doctors and rest of the hospital staff are attending to the patients at the moment.\"My father-in-law is recovering from a bypass cardiac surgery and is presently at the intensive care unit here. Some of the hospital staff and doctors are taking care of him at the moment,\" said K Arumugam from Erode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12588956", "title": "Government must learn a lesson or two from High Court verdict", "text": "Last week's judgment of the high court, dismissing a batch of civil revision petitions and writ petitions relating to wakf lands of Dargah Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali at Manikonda, has a lesson or two for the state government and its agencies that have been claiming and treating wakf lands as their own.Incidentally, this is the second time in a little over 14 years that a landmark judgment has been pronounced in cases relating to wakf lands. On January 28, 1998, a Supreme Court bench comprising Justices A S Anand and V N Khare had dismissed a civil appeal against AP State Wakf Board in the case relating to 5,385 acres of wakf land of Dargah Hazrath Syed Ali Ishaq Madani Aulia at Devada Mokhasa village in Visakhapatnam district.The Supreme Court had observed that \"a wakf is a permanent dedication of property for purposes recognized by Muslim law as pious, religious or charitable and the property having been found as wakf would always retain its character as a wakf. In other words, once a wakf, always a wakf.\"Incidentally, in both the cases relating to wakf lands of Dargah Ishaq Madani Aulia and Dargah Hussain Shah Wali, the state government was one of the petitioners/appellants against AP State Wakf Board. Another petitioner/appellant in the Manikonda case was AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation, a state government undertaking incorporated under the Companies Act. And their claim was that the lands at Devada Mokhasa and Manikonda belonged to the government and these were not wakf lands.Not surprisingly, the Joint Parliamentary Committee on wakf chaired by K Rahman Khan, in its ninth report tabled in Parliament noted: \"The AP Wakf Board has the largest number of wakf properties in the country. The major dispute about the large extent of land is between the government and the Wakf Board.\"The JPC report further said, \"During the rule of Nizams and other Muslim rulers, a large area of land was given to the dargahs and khankhas for their maintenance. The intention behind the grant of land by the rulers was to make permanent arrangements for maintaining the dargahs and the khankhas and to carry out the religious obligations attached to these institutions. The Mutawallis or Sajjadas who used to manage the dargahs and khankhas were allotted or granted land. Even if the land was granted in the name of an individual Sajjada or Mutawalli, the grant was for the maintenance of the institution and not for personal use of the individual Mutawalli or Sajjada.\"\"So, all the lands granted are of a permanent nature and dedicated for the dargahs and khankhas in perpetuity, whereas the state governments, wherever such grants were given for maintenance, have treated such lands as Inam lands or jagirs given to the Mutawallis. After the demise of the Mutawallis or after the introduction of the Inam or Jagir Abolition Act, the states have held that the property would be reverted to the state.\" The JPC further pointed out that \"on the basis of this assumption, several thousands of acres of land in Andhra Pradesh has been taken over by the government which, in the view of the committee, is not correct...The stand of the government that the grant is not to the dargah but to the Sajjada or to the Mutawalli is not correct.\"Terming the case of Dargah Ishaq Madani Aulia as a classic case where the government had to transfer back the land to the wakf, the JPC noted that there are similar wakf properties throughout AP, including the properties belonging to Dargah Hazrath Baba Sharfuddin at Pahadi Sharief, Dargah Hussain Shah Wali at Manikonda and Dargah Hazrath Maqdoom Biyabani at Alur (all in Rangareddy district). The government has assumed possession of these properties and allotted or sold the land to various parties.The JPC asked the AP government to reconsider its decision to treat such wakf lands as its own and restore these lands to the wakf. \"The committee urges the state government not to deprive the wakf of such large extents of land. It strongly recommends that the state government should amicably settle other similar disputed cases in the spirit of the judgment of the Supreme Court and not to prolong the litigations.\"Instead of receiving setback after setback at the courts, the state government should sit up and review the position of all lands/properties that are claimed by the State Wakf Board. There has to be a rapprochement between the government and the board and the two have to work in tandem to save themselves from unnecessary bitter public spats.(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12589729", "title": "Forest department rules out role of syndicate", "text": "MYSORE: The poachers who felled a tiger on the Mysore-Kodagu border are not part of any syndicate involved in illegal trade of wildlife. Investigations have revealed that they didn't go into the woods looking for the big cat, but killed it when they came across one and decided to make a quick buck.\"There is no network and it is a one-off case,\" field director (Project Tiger) B J Hosmath said on Sunday, armed with the materials they have recovered from the five accused who were arrested by the police. \"Except the five arrested others are not involved. We have a solid case,\" he told TOI.With the accused telling police that they poached the tiger at Dubare, the officials in the reserve forest area, known for elephant safari, have come under the scanner. The killers illegally entered into the Dubare reserve forest, exposing the lack of anti-poaching measures in the buffer zone surrounding the tiger reserve.But a source said the field staff at Dubare have no information of the incident, raising questions about the poachers' claim. \"Unlike at tiger reserves of Nagarahole and Bandipur, where patrolling is strong, the borders of territorial forests are vulnerable. But the local staff at Dubare don't know anything about the incident,\" the source added. The poachers are suspected to have gained entry through Maldare at Dubare reserve. Maldare is located between Periyapatna and Siddapura in Kodagu district and is porous with human habitation located on the fringes of the forests. There is no much protection here. A wildlife activist, who didn't wish to be named, said: \"The habitation at Dubare is crucial. It supports the tiger population like at the tiger reserves in the area. But there is hardly any attention to extend the support base and there is no patrolling in this area. This has led to the casualty.\"Meanwhile, the forest department is trying to locate the tiger's territory and why it came out from the core area. The big cat's territory can be located based on the database obtained through camera-trapping technique. Expert tiger biologists have prepared the database during a study. \"If the killed tiger's stripes can be run through the database, its location can be tracked,\" a wildlife activist, who has worked in Nagarahole, Bandipur and BR Hills tiger reserves, said. When asked, Hosmath said: \"We are doing that. But what if the tiger has not been trapped in the camera?\" He said they will look into it nonetheless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "12589906", "title": "'Ad', a common thread that binds Gulatis", "text": "MODEL TOWN: If there was one thing which Adity and Aditya Gulati, residents of Model Town, were sure of when pondering over a suitable name for their baby, it was that the first two alphabets of his or her name would be 'AD'. This, because both their names have a similar spelling and they wanted the child's name to sound similar. Adhiraj, their son, is five-month-old now.Adity, 26, a homemaker, had been looking up the internet for suitable names much before her son's birth and had short listed two names each for a girl and a boy.Adity says, ''We were particular about the name to start with 'Ad', so the short listed names before my delivery were Adhrit, Adhiruyaan, Adhiraj and Adhishwar if it was a boy and Adhvika and Adhira if it was a girl. We even consulted a priest to find out how would the short listed names suit him.'' ''Once my son was born, my father-in-law Dharamvir Gulati and mother-in-law Neeru Gulati decided to name him Ahiraj out of the short listed names,'' she adds.Adhiraj's grand mother Neeru Gulati says, ''Of all the names suggested by my daughter-in-law, we liked Adhiraj the most.''''The name means king of kings. After his birth, Aditya surprised us with a tattoo of his name on his arm,'' says Adity. Adhiraj's father Aditya says, ''I didn't interfere much in deciding my son's name as my wife short listed the good ones and my parents decided the best one for him. I am sure he will stand tall to what his name means.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590142", "title": "Good policing portends good governance, says Bangalore police chief", "text": "The state's new DG &amp; IG of police, AR Infant , has taken charge under extraordinary circumstances. Given charge of the office after a brief but surcharged court battle, Infant makes it clear though he is an ordinary man he prefers to live up to his responsibilities whatever it takes.Drawing inspiration from his grandfather who joined Mahatma Gandhi's non-cooperation movement in 1920s by quitting government service , Infant had dreamt of wearing khaki as a kid. \"I am not a hero or a man of great achievement, but I do my job with utmost satisfaction to my conscience and for the benefit of people,\" Infant told The Times of India during an interview.What do you think is the right way for police?There are umpteen problems people face. Prevention of crime is one of the main ones. Sadly, police never took proper initiatives in this regard. Crime inflicts a lot of pain on its victims and ironically, there is a lot of pain in procedures that follow, like retrieving stolen things. Once police prevent crime, people need not harbour any fear of being mugged, robbed or attacked . Criminals should be dealt with iron hand and not with kid gloves.What is your plan for extremist elements like Naxals?As an additional DGP in charge of law and order, I had, to some extent, implemented certain plans including tackling problems of local population . We visited households of tribals and farmers in Naxal-affected areas, heard their grievances and tried to solve their problems within a stipulated time. By solving their problems we prevented locals from being swayed by Naxal propaganda.How can this strategy work in urban areas like Bangalore where there is a rise in crime?Most troubles have their roots in socio-economic issues like the gap between the haves and have-nots . Good policing portends good governance. Crimes can be curbed to an extent by addressing people's socio-economic problems.You have a high regard for human rights. How do you fulfill your commitment to this cause as a police officer?I feel police is the place where every individual can uphold the rule of law, the basis of human rights. I have dealt with several law and order situations while serving in Bangalore and elsewhere in the state. The success rate in handling riots and arson is very high when we deal with such situations tactfully rather than go for confrontation. We have to win the confidence of people and tackle troublemakers among them.Your most memorable case?The case relating to the missing artefacts from Roerich estate of Devika Rani and great Russian painter Svetoslav Roerich. I did justice by bringing back the stolen property whose worth cannot be measured .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12589208", "title": "Keep Naxalites from Andhra, Chattisgarh out of Odisha: Splinter Maoist group", "text": "KORAPUT: Police found some posters in Odisha's Rayagada district on Sunday, purportedly written by a splinter Maoist group, cautioning villagers against allowing Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh cadre Maoists into their territory.It came close on the heels of the alleged faction feud between Sabyasachi Panda-led Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC) and Telugu cadre-dominated Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) following the twin abductions of the two Italians (by the Panda group) and BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka recently.\"Maoists from Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh torture Odisha cadres. They come to your villages for their own benefit and not to listen to your problems. They are outsiders, don't allow them in your villages,\" the posters read.The posters recovered by police from Telengapadar area under Muniguda police limit were signed by Maoist leader Nikhil, secretary of Bansadhara division.\"The posters allege an apathetic attitude by Andhra and Chhattisgarh Maoist leaders towards Odisha Maoists. We are verifying the authenticity of the letter and keeping a watch on the developments,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12589773", "title": "3 kids win cycles in Sikh history quiz competition", "text": "LUDHIANA: It is often felt that ''history'' is just a made-up word for the present generation, sans any significance. However, this is not the case when referring to Amandeep Kaur, 15; Amanjot, 8; and Balkaran Singh, 4; who won the first position in a quiz on Sikh history at Gurdwara Dashmesh Singh Sabha in BRS Nagar.Questions poured on 300 participants and the winners were gifted bicycles by the Dashmesh Singh Sabha Society.Amandeep, who lives in BRS Nagar, remarked, ''I learnt it all from my mother who narrated stories of the Sikh religion to me. It feels so good to have won the contest. Every one in my family showered praises on me.'' Amanjot and Balkaran were also excited for their win and were praised by devotees at the gurdwara and the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594129", "title": "The Forest to hit the screens", "text": "Director Asvin Kumar's next, The Forest, is gearing up for a May release.Asvin Kumar, one of the youngest Indian writer/directors, whose Little Terrorist won an Oscar nomination, is all set to release his ecological thriller, The Forest, on May 4. The Forest is a thriller with an ecological message, and is a chilling tale of a man-eating leopard set in the jungles of North India. The star cast includes Javed Jaffrey, Nandana Sen , Ankur Vikal ( Slumdog Millionaire ) and Salim Ali Zaidi (Little Terrorist).In order to create realism and authenticity to the film, Ashvin assembled an international Hollywood technical crew. The leopards were specially flown from Paris . The story also revolves around a wounded leopard, which is the only choice for survival to hunt humans and this story is inspired by one such attack.The Forest was premiered at the Cinequest Film Festival in San Jose in February 2009 and had another premiere at Cannes. The film was also a part of the official competition at the Montreal Film Festival, Canada and the Sitges International Film Festival, Spain.Ashvin was introduced to the jungles when he went on a trip to Jim Corbett National Park in 1998. Since then, he has been a regular visitor to the national parks all over India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588357", "title": "Expect few autos on roads today and tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: After a four-day weekend, get set to sweat it out and leg it to work. With two big auto unions planning morchas early this week, several autos are expected to stay off roads on Monday and Tuesday. Passengers can expect a shortage of autos in certain areas, especially in the western suburbs, sources said.Said union leader Thampy Kurian, \"We will take out a morcha to the office of the state transport commissioner in Bandra (E) on Monday morning. Our protest will continue till evening.\" Autos participating in the morcha will sport black flags and the drivers will wear black bands.\"We will submit a memorandum to the commissioner to highlight our demand for a fare hike,\" said Kurian. \"The recent introduction of e-meters in autos should be taken into account while deciding the fare hike. In comparison to mechanical meters which have a long life, e-meters have to be replaced every three years and their batteries need to be changed every two years. This means incurring an expense of Rs 5,000 every two to three years,\" he said.\"Also, the maintenance cost of an e-meter and CNG engine are high,\" said Kurian, adding that drivers incur losses while waiting in long queues for CNG.Another union leader Sharad Rao has declared a morcha to the transport commissioner's office on Tuesday. \"Our primary demand is that permits should be given to auto drivers who are badge holders.\" Pointing out that the state government was planning to release new permits in four months, Rao said, \"Priority should be given to our drivers who have been plying autos on rent.\"Hundreds of auto drivers are expected to participate in Tuesday's morcha and this could result in a significant percentage (at least 30%) staying off roads.Rao has also called for an indefinite strike of autos across Maharashtra from April 16 to demand a fare hike of Rs 5 in basic fare and Rs 2 for every subsequent km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12589170", "title": "Admission fee reimbursed for SC students", "text": "BHOPAL: The Scheduled Caste Welfare Department has made reimbursement worth Rs 2 crore 25 lakh against the fees of 242 scheduled caste students who had got admission to private schools in the state last year, stated an official release.Under the scheme, scheduled caste students were admitted to Sainik School, Rewa, Delhi Public School and Scindia School.The admissions were made according to a provision under the scheme to get students belonging to families with an annual income of up to Rs 1.5 lakh admitted to prestigious schools on merit basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12590457", "title": "Rajasthan pre-medical entrance exam to be conducted online from this session", "text": "JAIPUR: It would be a different experience for MBBS aspirants appearing in the upcoming Rajasthan pre-medical entrance exam (RPMT) as the Rajasthan University of Health Services (RUHS) has decided to conduct the test online for the first time.In the previous RPMT, the mode of examination was 'paper and pencil mode' but from this year, the RPMT-2012 will be conducted online. A high-powered committee of the RUHS has already decided on it, an RUHS official said.The official said the RPMT would be conducted online and added that a common merit list would be prepared on the basis of percentile equalization just like in CET and railway recruitment examinations.Besides, a meeting of the core committee of the RUHS on RPMT will be held soon to discuss other related issues of the online examination. Also, the date of the RPMT would be fixed in the meeting.The RUHS had invited suggestions on March 6 for online RPMT. In the notice, the RUHS had mentioned that the RPMT is conducted in the Rajasthan state by RUHS, Jaipur, every year. The RPMT is usually conducted in the month of May every year to select the students for admission to the MBBS/BDS courses at different medical/ dental affiliated colleges of RUHS, Jaipur.The online test will be conducted on multiple days in seven centres of the state. These centres would be the government's medical colleges in Bikaner, Udaipur, Jodhpur, Kota, Ajmer and Jaipur, the official said.The university has also mentioned that for familiarization with the online exam and convenience of students, a demo version of th online exam will be made available over the university website prior to the date of the examination. For confirmation of proper functioning of computers and servers, a demo online exam will also be conducted on the day of exam before the start of the online exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12589309", "title": "Corp to test milk quality before Vishu", "text": "KOCHI: Ahead of the upcoming Vishu festival, the corporation has come up with a drive against the sale of adulterated milk in the city.From Monday, health inspectors from the local body will collect milk samples from across Kochi and send them to government-run laboratories, to identify the presence of hazardous chemicals and other harmful substances.Chairman of health standing committee T K Asharaf said the corporation, which has so far been concentrating on raiding hotels and restaurants for sale of stale food, has decided to check milk samples considering its high demand during the festive season.It is pointed out that about 40% of the milk sold in the state comes from neighbouring states like Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Maharashtra. During Onam and Vishu, there is an increased demand for milk.A data released by the diary development department shows that daily about 6.5 lakh litres passes through Valayar and Meenakshipuram check-posts in Palakkad. \"We will check for presence of preservatives, starch and other antibiotics used for increasing the shelf-life and quality of milk, and publish details of the marketer or producer along with the particulars of the substances identified,\" said Asharaf. He also said the results would be forwarded to the state commissioner of food safety. The corporation can test the milk samples at the regional analytical laboratory or opt for the laboratory with the dairy development department.The chief food safety officer for Ernakulam Mohammed Rafi said that he had not received any complaints regarding sale of adulterated milk. According to him, the food safety officer of the corporation can initiate action against culprits.\"The corporation can impose a temporary ban on products which are found to be adulterated. The product can be completely banned only after conducting further tests. The methods of conducting the test and the procedures followed should be acceptable to the court of law,\" he said.From Monday, health inspectors from the local body will collect milk samples from across Kochi and send them to government-run laboratories, to identify the presence of hazardous chemicals and other harmful substances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12589571", "title": "Father, sons injured in acid attack", "text": "MANGALORE: Unknown miscreants threw acid on a person and his two sons - both goldsmiths - when they were returning home to Sullia on a motorcycle at Sampya under Puttur rural police station limits late on Saturday.The miscreants who came in an auto stopped the trio on the pretext of making some inquiries, threw acid and fled. Amruthesh one of the sons of Seetharam, fruit trader, who sustained severe injuries has been admitted to the ICU.While Rajkumar, the other son sustained burn injuries to his hand, Seetharam sustained similar injuries said to be superficial to his right hand and chest. Amrutesh on the other hand who sustained injuries to his eyes, neck, face and chest was shifted to a private hospital in the city for treatment. Rajkumar and Seetharam are undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Puttur itself, Puttur, assistant superintendent of police MN Anucheth told TOI.Noting that police have positive leads on the identity of the miscreants, Anucheth said Amrutesh had received a call from an unknown number on his cell making inquiries if they would clean up some gold jewellery for a marriage. The miscreants had called up the number on the name display board outside the jewellery shop at Puttur; ASP said adding that the miscreants had come to the shop a little after they had closed it for the day.Seetharam and Rajkumar have told police that they had no idea about why they were attacked, ASP said adding that reasons and motive for this attack would become clear once the attackers were nabbed. A case under section 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means), 307 (attempt to murder) read with 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention) has been registered in Puttur rural PS, ASP added.Teenager stabbedA person late on Saturday stabbed a teenager over what Mangalore City Police said were personal difference between the accused and the victim.The incident took place around 10pm when Sohan Prasad, 44, owner of an apartment in which the victim Nischal, a student of a PU college here resides, stabbed the latter. Sohan was operating a shop that offered multifaceted services including bus ticket booking services in the flat.Tilakchandra, Police Inspector, Mangalore South Police Station said the accused, who was nabbed from his house on Sunday, and the victim were not on good terms. The impish behaviour of the teenager reportedly got on to the nerves of Sohan who resorted to this drastic step, he said adding Nischal is recovering and out of danger.A case has been registered in Mangalore South PS .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12589072", "title": "Jilted lover kills girl", "text": "KOLKATA: A young jilted lover stabbed a girl to death in front of her father in East Midnapore's Tamluk, police said Sunday. Manisha Metiya, a Class XII student, was repeatedly stabbed in broad daylight on her way back to home from school killing her on the spot. Her father stood dumbstruck, while the youth from a nearby village managed to flee, said an officer.The youth had been trying to woo the girl for over a year now but in vain. Irritated by the repeated approaches, the girl and her father registered a police complaint against the boy, following which he was severely reprimanded by the police.The man with the motive to teach a lesson, stabbed her to death in broad daylight.The police is on the look out for the offender.In another incident, the father of a girl was allegedly beaten to death in Birbhum's Labhpur after he protested against the youths who were repeatedly teasing his daughter. No arrest were made so far, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12589774", "title": "Central bounty fails to cheer OUAT students", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The recent announcement of a monetary grant of Rs 50 crore by the Centre during the Union Budget 2012 for Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology ( OUAT) has come as a much-needed respite for the cash-strapped varsity. The money is hoped to help improve quality of education, infrastructure and research work at the agri-campus.The special grant offer, however, failed to lift the spirits of students who have been struggling to get jobs either in government or private sectors. While students of forestry and agriculture engineering are still continuing their strike demanding jobs, veterinary students called off their strike recently after a government assurance to create job opportunities for them.\"The monetary grant is good for the university but it would not help the students much. Along with focusing on research and development the varsity should also give emphasis on the placement of students,\" said Deepak Mishra, a student of College of Agricultural and Technology, a constituent college of the varsity. The students alleged that the placement cell of the varsity has been lying defunct and has not been able to organize any successful campus recruitment drives.\"Being a technical university, there should be an active placement cell, which would organize more and more campus recruitment drives. But most of our students are getting jobs by their own efforts and clearing various competitive examinations,\" said Madhulita Das, a student pursuing BSc (Ag).Vice-chancellor of the university D P Ray said final decision on spending the money is yet to be taken but major focus will be on developing research work and creating better infrastructure. \"We are thankful to the Centre for providing this special grant, though we have been demanding funds for the past several years,\" he said.On the grievances of students, the VC said, \"It is true that there is no scope for employment in government sector but in comparison to students of other universities, our students are more successful as a large number of them are hired by different banks and financial institutions. Forestry and veterinary students who venture out of the state are also getting good jobs.\"Set up in 1966, the university has nine constituent colleges including three college of agriculture, college of veterinary, college of forestry, college of agricultural engineering and technology, college of horticulture, college of home science, college of basic science and college of fishery. The colleges churn out nearly 800 graduates each year.According to Santosh Kumar Rout, professor of agriculture, there is an acute shortage of skilled manpower in these fields. \"For the past three years all our students from college of agriculture are getting engaged in various banks and private sectors. But things are not the same for other branches,\" he maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593554", "title": "The right skills", "text": "Nick Petford, vice-chancellor, University of Northampton, UK, was in India recently to explore opportunities for collaborations in vocational education. Diptiman Dewan finds out moreThe trend of universities overseas expanding their reach in India and collaborating with Indian universities continues. Nick Petford, vice-chancellor, University of Northampton, was in India recently to explore opportunities in collaborating with universities as well as the government on vocational education and environment management.\"Vocational education is the strength of our university which has about 15,000 students on campus. We specialise in skill development and making people job ready,and are exploring opportunities for collaboration with educational institutions in India to ensure that students are equipped with the right skills, have industry inputs and can align with the industry,\" says Petford.With the Union budget 2012-13 doubling allocation of funds under the National Skill Development Fund (NSDF) and the launch of a credit guarantee fund for skills development in India, the university is looking at using its expertise in vocational skills development to work with organisations like the NSDC and government.In terms of research, the university specialises in areas like history (hate crime, terrorism, soldiers and soldiering ), leather technology, environment and sustainable waste management, English literature, special needs, and in maths and science for students in the primary education level in the UK.The university has also signed an MoU with the University of Madras to conduct its online MSc programme in international environmental management from January 2013. \"University of Northampton has specifically designed this course jointly with the University of Madras to meet the needs and ever growing sustainability demands of India and other such developing countries,\" said Petford.Petford says that out of the 12 University Technical Colleges (UCTs) to be set up in the UK, the University of Northampton has been awarded two of the 12 UCTs. The UCTs will offer 14-19-year-olds an opportunity to take a highly regarded, full-time, technicallyoriented course of study sponsored by a university and offer clear progression routes into higher education or further learning at work.With an eligibility criteria of 70% marks and above for the Master's level and between 65% and 70% marks and above for the UG level with proficiency in English and an excellent academic track record, the university seeks top talent for its programmes on campus.www.northampton.ac.ukCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593873", "title": "Eega team impresses RGV", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma is might impressed with Rajamouli and Sudeep.RGV sung praises for Eega through a social networking site. He said, \"Eega trailer is superb. I have no doubts that it will be the best vfx film to come out of India.\" Impressed by director Rajamouli he wrote, \"The max life span of EEGA is a week but director RAJAMOULI for sure will extend it to 25 weeks. In sheer conceptual originality Eega looks like its miles ahead of Rajamoulis earlier blockbuster Magadheera.\"Sudeep plays an important role in the film. RGV couldn't stop himself from writing about Sudeep too. \"Sudeep in the trailer is truly remarkable. I always knew that he was a great actor but looks like Rajamouli made him outreach himself by leaps and bounds,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593367", "title": "Gujaratis are very hospitable: Pratyusha Banerjee", "text": "For someone who is barely in her 20s, Pratyusha Banerjee, who plays Anandi in the immensely popular Balika Vadhu, comes across as someone who is mature way beyond her years.But this softspoken Bengali beauty from Jamshedpur, who was in Vadodara to promote her show, surprises us when she says, \"Contrary to what people think, I am a very short-tempered person in real life. That's definitely something that I want to change about myself. I want to stay calm in all kinds of situations.\"Ask her about her relationship with businessman and aspiring actor Makrand Malhotra, and the shy smile is back, \"Arre aap ko un ka naam bhi maluum hai?\" she blushes, the happiness pretty evident on her face, before adding, \"Makrand is someone I can look up to in any kind of situation.I have rarely come across someone as loving and caring as him. It has been just eight months since we started seeing each other, but I hope everything goes well and we can tie the knot in the future.Was she nervous before taking up the role of the grown-up Anandi (she won a nationwide SMS poll to get selected) when the show took a five year leap, considering that Avika Gor had already made it such a popular character? \"I wasn't nervous, but it took me a while to relate to the character. But the love and affection that I have received from the fans because of this show is unbelievable. When the content is strong, everything else falls into place automatically. Besides, I am a blessed main lead, who gets leaves whenever she wants!\" she smiles.While she never thought of acting as a career, the fascination for the glamour world was there. She laughs, \"As a kid, I wanted to become a model. But my height was an issue, and my parents weren't very thrilled with the idea.\" She adds, \"I was into Kathak, and used to do plays in school. At the age of 17, after I did a p l ay c a l l e d Kalidas, I realized that I could act. I told my parents about my desire to get into acting, and they agreed.The hectic schedule meant that she couldn't complete her graduation. \"I completed my first year, but had to leave college once Balika Vadhu happened. But I want to complete it soon,\" she tells us.While not facing the camera, Pratyusha loves \"listening to music and spending time with close friends.\"Ask her about her Gujarat connect and she says, \"This is my first visit to Vadodara, I have been to Ahmedabad and enjoyed the hospitality. My best friend is from Gujarat so, I feel special whenever I come here. I have enjoyed Gujarati food so much that now, I often look for places that serve Gujarati thaali in Mumbai.\"She then shares a longcherished dream, \"I would love to do a film in my mother tongue, and it's good to see that meaningful Bengali films are being made these days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12590127", "title": "Lawyer moves consumer court, turned away", "text": "BANGALORE: A city-based lawyer faced a double blow when the Central Excise Commission, for whom he fought a case, refused to pay his fee and a consumer court recently ruled that 'he is a service provider and not a consumer' . The forum also pulled up the Central Excise Commission for not clearing the dues of the advocate due to 'insufficient funds' .M T Vasanth Kumar, a standing counsel for the central government, had moved the 3rd Additional District Consumer Dispute Redressal Forum last year after the office of the Commissioner, Central Excise Department , refused to pay his fee worth Rs.20,520 for a case he fought in 2007. He also sought compensation of Rs.50,000 from the department for facing inconvenience in getting his dues cleared. He also had issued a legal notice to the department on November 11, 2011, which was ignored.The forum observed: \"In our opinion , the complainant cannot be said to be a consumer for the reason that he himself was providing service to the opposite party (Central Excise Commission) and he has not purchased any goods or availed any service from the opposite party.\"It further added: \"Hence, u/s 2 (d) of the Consumer Protection Act, 1986, the complainant cannot be said to be a consumer. The amount payable by the Opposite Party to the complainant, relating to service rendered by him, is an amount payable under the contract and the relationship between the parties cannot be said to be a consumer and the service provider.\"Criticising the commission, the court observed: \"In our opinion, there is no justification for withholding the payment of the advocate's fee for such a long time. Making provision for necessary allotment to honour the advocate's bill is the responsibility of the opposite party and it cannot say that it has no funds. When the opposite party has entrusted the work to the advocates, it is its duty to make arrangement for the necessary funds to pay the legal fee, immediately after the work is completed. Hence, the reason given by the opposite party for not paying the amount is patently is not acceptable.\"The forum also expressed its hope that the commission would clear the dues of the advocate without any further delay and disposed of the complaint on March 26, 2012.A Double WhammyThe lawyer was a service provider and not a consumer as he was providing service to excise commission and has not purchased goods from it - Consumer court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590907", "title": "Placement trend: Jobs at hand", "text": "The placement trend for 2011-12 for DU colleges has been good despite the economic slowdown, with an increased number of students placed although on lesser pay packages than last year.Delhi University colleges are wrapping up the academic year with a bounce of good placements despite the economic slump. Most colleges had their last round of placement drives during February-March with a few colleges still winding up the process. Unlike last year, the packages offered this year were not as high yet, though the number of placements was good across all colleges.Even this year, Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC) bagged the highest offer of Rs 30 lakh per annum as against Rs 39 lakh last year in the university. Deutsche Bank, which offered Rs 39 lakh per annum package with an international placement did not offer the same this year. However, Rio Tinto, first-time recruiter on campus offered Rs 30-lakh pay packet with an international placement in Australia. The company has made the offer to two students of BCom (Hons) in the college for the profile of an assistant project manager.\"The placement trend was good this year despite the slowdown, overall 250 students were placed. The remuneration offered is low as compared to last year yet the number of companies coming to campus to recruit was good with first-time recruiter's such as Rio Tinto, Baring Private Equity International and D E Shaw India Financial Services,\" said Aditya Narain, pursuing BCom (Hons) and placement-in-charge, SRCC.Kirori Mal College (KMC), Hindu, Hansraj, Miranda House, Lady Shri Ram (LSR) and Gargi have had a good season of placements with 30-40% students being placed. According to Seema Parihar, associate professor, department of geography, and head of placement cell, KMC, \"We are not affected by the global recession. The placement scenario has been good with more than 150 students placed. The highest package offered in the college is Rs 9.3 lakh by FuturesFirst, an accounts company. However, unlike past years when mostly commerce students bagged the highest pay packets, this time a physics students has got the highest.\"While LSR has got more than 30% students placed, Gargi has placed more than 70 students. According to faculty members, the placement scenario has been good in terms of the number of students placed. Besides, they claim students from social sciences, languages, and even disciplines like Hindi (Hons) have been placed.\"The volume of placements made this year was good with Rs 5.5 lakh per annum being the average offer at LSR. Surprisingly, a number of students from humanities including Hindi (Hons) have been selected by reputed companies and media organisations both print and television,\" said Arvind Kumar, department of commerce, LSR college.The companies that visited DU campus included Google, Citibank, McKinsey Knowledge Centre, Delloite, KPMG, Viacom 18, Wipro, HCL, Grail Research, Ernst and Young, Trident Hotels, Infinity Business School, Accenture, Capital IQ, Jabong.com among others.GOOD NUMBERSAccording to faculty members, placement scenario has been good in terms of the number of students recruitedStudents from social sciences, languages, and Hindi (Hons) too have been placedLSR, KMC, Hindu, Hansraj have got more than 30% students placed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12590109", "title": "Government insider played mischief over Army movement, minister says", "text": "NEW DELHI: Someone within the government could have tried to play mischief over the movement of a mechanized infantry unit and elements of a Para Brigade towards Delhi in mid-January, minister of state for defence MM Pallam Raju has admitted.In a television interview on Sunday, Raju said the mischief makers may have exaggerated reports about what were routine troop movements -- which as per a newspaper report \"spooked'' the government during its legal tussle with Army chief General VK Singh over the latter's age -- to create confusion in already trying times.On the government's response to the situation , he said, \"I would not put it that the government reacted. It's probably somebody down the line who might have read too much into it. I don't think we must react too much to these things. We know what our national interests are and what has to be done to protect our national interests and I think we are acting in accordance.\"This comes after both PM Manmohan Singh and defence minister AK Antony dismissed the newspaper report by dubbing it as \"alarmist\" and \"absolutely baseless\". Antony went ahead to hold that the government \"endorsed\" the Army explanation that the troop movements concerned were part of its usual exercises. \"We are absolutely confident of the patriotism of our armed forces,'' he said.Army chief Gen VK Singh has also dismissed as \"absolutely stupid'' the newspaper report of April 4, which insinuated that the government got \"spooked\" by the \"unusual\" troop movements since it thought a coup could be in the offing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588882", "title": "Manmohan Singh talks terror, Asif Ali Zardari harps on K-word", "text": "NEW DELHI: While Prime Minister Manmohan Singh raised the issue of terrorism and the need to expedite the trial of Mumbai attacks accused with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , government sources said Zardari focused on Kashmir, Sir Creek and Siachen issues saying it was high time these were resolved.That Zardari managed to raise these issues focusing on their early settlement, even though he did not give any categorical assurance on either reining in India-specific terror groups or handing over LeT chief Hafiz Saeed to India, is likely to help him cater to his domestic constituency of which many had demanded until Saturday that he call off his visit. \"Both felt that we need to move forward step-by-step,\" foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said.While Zardari was expected to mention Kashmir to allay fears in Pakistan that its government was ignoring this \"core issue'' as it rebuilds ties with India, the president also took up Sir Creek and Siachen saying these issues could be solved in quick time with the two countries narrowing down the trust deficit.Both leaders mourned the fact that more than 100 Pakistani soldiers had gone missing after an avalanche at Siachen.After the path-breaking meet between Singh and his Pakistani counterpart Yousuf Raza Gilani in 2010, the defence secretaries resumed dialogue on Siachen last year but despite the two sides agreeing to demilitarize the glacier, things have not moved forward.India insists that Pakistan recognize and authenticate the Actual Ground Position Line passing through Soltoro Ridge and Siachen. It believes that the ceasefire line travels northward from where the current demarcation ends. Pakistan, however, insists that the line from this point moves in the north-east direction towards Karakoram Pass.The two countries last year also resumed dialogue after a gap of four years on delimitation of the disputed maritime boundary at the Sir Creek estuary, separating Gujarat from Sindh, which is rich in oil and gas. Pakistan complained to the UN in December 2011, that the geographical coordinates notified by India of the estuary were \"inconsistent\" with international law and \"impinge\" upon Islamabad's territorial limits in the disputed area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12592773", "title": "NRI body to felicitate five Indian Americans", "text": "WASHINGTON: Five Indian Americans will be felicitated by the Connecticut chapter of the Global Organization of People of Indian Origin ( GOPIO) for their achievements and contributions at an awards banquet April 28.They are Vivek Maru (entrepreneur), Faquir Jain (applied science and research), Chandra Prasad (arts and letters), Neena Singh (community service) and Malika Bhandarkar (young person award). William \"Vijay\" Pinch will be honoured with a Friend of India award at the banquet in Stamford.\"The award selection is a rigorous process conducted by an independent committee which evaluates all nominations and we are glad we select the best possible candidates every year,\" said GOPIO-CT president Shailesh Naik.Vivek Maru is a CEO of Namati, an international organization that tests the potential of legal empowerment through innovative interventions and research. Namatis' work seeks a better understanding of the impacts of legal empowerment and to create the most effective mechanisms for achieving them.Faquir Jain, professor in the Electrical and Computer Engineering Department at the University of Connecticut , has collaborated to form Biorasis Inc to commercialize a minimally invasive glucose sensor for real time, continuous glucose monitoring.Chandra Prasad, a multi-talented writer whose work has received praise in Booklist and USA Today , created the popular career guide \"Outwitting the Job Market\" and has written scores of articles on diversity and the workplace.Neena Singh, co-president of the PTA of the Greens Farms Academy and co-leader of the Girls' Scout Troop and is active in community building activities in Wilton and Stamford.Malika Bhandarkar, an accountability expert who influences decision makers at all levels to amplify the message \"Women Count for Peace\", and her team work in post-conflict countries to build responsive accountability systems that monitor and enhance gender equality and women's empowerment.Pinch, professor of History and Chair of the History Department at Wesleyan University . Pinch's principal areas of research and teaching are South Asian history, religion and history, and maritime world history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588188", "title": "Cancer patient wins case against insurance firm", "text": "MUMBAI: A three-year ordeal for a Santra Cruz-based cancer patient finally came to an end recently after the South Mumbai District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum ordered an insurance company and the Third Party Administrator (TPA) to pay her the insurance amount and Rs 18,000 as compensation.New India Assurance Co Ltd and TTK Healthcare TPA Private Limited will have to reimburse Sabira Virani Rs 58,049 she incurred during her treatment. The compensation of Rs 18,000 includes 9% interest on the insurance amount from June 2009 until payment and Rs 3,000 towards costs incurred in the complaint.In 1992, Sabira's husband Yusuf Virani had taken a policy from the insurance company, which provided cover for himself, Sabira and their two children. This policy was renewed annually. In 1993, Sabira was diagnosed with cancer in her left breast. In July the same year, she was operated upon following which she underwent chemotherapy and radiation treatment. In 1995, Sabira was hospitalized for treatment and was reimbursed by the insurance company. Following the treatment her health improved and she continued to visit the hospital for regular cancer check-ups. Unfortunately, in 2008, Sabira was once again diagnosed with cancer. She then underwent chemotherapy at a Mazgaon-based hospital from November 12, 2008. On December 27, 2008, Yusuf sent a claim form to the TPA and sought a reimbursement of Rs 58,000.However, there was no response from the company or the TPA. Yusuf made several calls to both the parties and finally the TPA informed him that it did not have Sabira's medical records prior to 2004. It further stated that without the records it was not possible to ascertain if Sabira's illness did not exist before procuring the insurance cover.In June 2009, the TPA sent Sabira a letter saying that the claim was rejected as she suffered from pelvic inflammatory disease since 1993 and it was a pre-existing disease as the policy was taken in 1999. Sabira sent a reply through her lawyer informing them that the policy was taken in 1992 and she never suffered from pelvic inflammatory disease.An aggrieved Sabira filed a complaint in April 2010. The forum sent notices to the insurance company and the TPA. However, since they did not respond, the forum passed an ex parte order. The forum observed that from the documents produced by Sabira, it could be seen that the insurance company had reimbursed the claim in 1995. The forum said that the parties had wrongly repudiated the claim and held them guilty of deficiency in service.The insurance firm and the TPA will have to pay Sabira Virani an insurance amount of Rs 58,049 and Rs 18,000 as compensation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593439", "title": "Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal is not sequel: Priyadashan", "text": "After making serious dramas like Aakrosh (2010) and the upcoming Tezz, director Priyadarshan is all set to tickle your funny bone once again with Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal (KDM) with Nana Patekar, Paresh Rawal , Om Puri , Shakti Kapoor , Asrani and Shreyas Talpade in the casting lineup.The director says that it was a challenge to bring all these actors under one roof. \"With all these talented actors coming together one could expect not only some heavy duty drama, but also action, albeit in a funny way,\" says Priyan.The director, however, does not call this film a sequel to Malamaal Weekly. \"It's a film with an identity of its own. As I said there's more drama, action and of course, comedy. It's high on production values. The Christian village backdrop has a perfect setting for the adventure to unfold.\" The film breaks away from conventional comedy. \"This drama-action-comedy juggernaut is a joyride that the viewer will enjoy taking,\" he muses.Interestingly, this is for the first time Nana Patekar and Priyadarshan are coming together. \"Nana and I have been wanting to work together since a very long time. When I came up with the idea of KDM, I approached him and this time he just could not afford to give it a miss,\" he says.Produced by Shailendra Singh's Percept Pictures, Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal has music by Sajid-Wajid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12588751", "title": "Pet business picks up, dogs remain a favourite", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon might well be one of the cities having the most number of dogs in the country. According to private organizations dealing in the pet business, the ratio of dogs in the city is 1:15 (one dog per 15 persons). This high number of dogs, they add, has also fuelled the demand of food, health products and accessories for the pets.While Euromonitor International, a private researcher, projects India as the fastest growing global pet market with a rise in pet dog parenthood by 2.32 million since 2007, pet dealers say Gurgaon makes for fairly a high share. Urbanization has led to more nuclear families and in turn leads to pet parenthood, says Rana Atheya, co-owner of Dogspot.in, an online shopping website for dog products.Atheya adds that maximum number of orders on his eShop is placed from Gurgaon.\"We are doing marketing on all-India basis and shipping is free throughout India. In the last six months, we have got about 2,000 orders out of which 11% orders have come from Gurgaon.\"Tanmay Sharma, owner of Pets Pash, which deals in pets and their products, informs: \"When we say \"pet\", the first thing that comes to mind is a dog. The most important reason why people prefer a dog is that after a long, tiring and stressful day, one can relax and enjoy with their pet.\"Meanwhile, pet care is expected to register a positive performance. Urban consumers have been trading up to premium products or specialized products, as they gain a better understanding of their pets' needs and get to know about the benefits of various products. Moreover, as the status of pets is elevated (many a time as owner's child), demand for pet care is expected to become more sophisticated, with pet owners buying not just pet food, but also pet products to meet their needs in terms of healthcare, grooming and leisure, says Atheya.Research reports indicate that Indian consumers have been slow to embrace commercial pet foods, opting to feed their pet homemade food but pet ownership is undergoing a tremendous change with better buying power bringing in pet parentage and humanization in the domain of pet care. This means, taking care of pets as one's own human child with readily accessible pet products, Atheya adds.Yet, the market is still in transition period. The demand and supply is not organized and there is deficiency in consistent supply of pet products. Veterinarian Dr Ashok Kumar, who runs a clinic as well as a shop in Gurgaon, confirms this and says competition has increased which in turn is leading to improved practices.According to Sharma, of all dog breeds Labrador breed is being sold the most. At his outlet he sells almost 15-20 puppies per month.The other popular breeds include Pug, St Bernard, Rottweiler and Great Dane, followed by small breeds of dogs.The trend of having large breeds is higher in Gurgaon as compared to many other cities, including Delhi. This is so as Gurgaon has plenty of space in and around in the city. People who have farmhouses or are from nearby villages are keen to keep giant breeds as compared to other toy breeds although toy breeds are more preferred in societies or apartments, says Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12590000", "title": "They are the kings of good times", "text": "LUDHIANA: If one spots Jyoti Bansal, a wholesale garment dealer from Samrala Road, and his group of friends, they would seem like just another bunch of 30-something men cracking a joke and having a whale of a time. Well, that is what they were doing this Sunday at Sarabha Nagar Market, but they boast a special friendship because each of them binds it together with his own unique quality. And their spirit to celebrate life at all times possible is the common thread that keeps them together.Bansal, 35, is treated as the cutest one among the friends and is even nick named ''teddy bear''. He is the one who remains cheerful and doesn't let anyone around stay upset for too long. His pricks of humour relieve his friends' stress in seconds.Manish Maggo, a 32-year-old garment manufacturer from New Shivaji Nagar, is the one who sets off Bansal's whacky side with his seriousness. But he loves to party and spend time with his friends and they vouch that he is pillar who keeps them grounded even when they hit a rough patch. ''If there's any misunderstanding among us, he is the one who sets it right. He is famous among us as Rimple,'' says Bansal.Chander Chopra aka ''Chintoo'', a resident of Shakti Nagar is famous for his naughtiness and knack at pulling pranks.''Whenever he says something all of us take a moment to process it in our brains and then react. At 33, he does not show many signs of adulthood,'' laughs Manish.Thirty six-year-old Manoj Aggarwal, who stays in Harcharan Nagar, is the brainy one. Handling a business of building material, he is most often giving his friends tips on what they should do in a certain situation at home or in their business. His three friends vouch that Manoj is also a voracious reader and keeps a tab on whatever is new around the world.''We make a great bunch as our qualities and personalities compliment each other. A movie, eating together or just killing time in the market - nothing is a waste when we are together,'' says Manoj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12589781", "title": "MLA behind murder of former Ganjam sarpanch?", "text": "BERHAMPUR: the role of Sanakhemundi MLA Ramesh Jena in the murder of former sarpanch Srinibash Rath of Maoulabhanja in Sanakhemundi block has come under the scanner as two persons arrested in the case have told police that the murder was planned by the legislator.Police on Sunday arrested two men in connection with the murder. They have been identified as Kalia Sahu alias Bhairab of Goshaninuagon and Pradeep Sethi of Padmanavpur in Digapahandi.\"We are verifying the role of the MLA in the incident,\" Berhampur SP Shefeen Ahmed K said on Sunday. The MLA was not available for comment.Police attributed the murder to revenge. The killers nurtured a grudge against Rath, who had allegedly assaulted some Congress workers, including the MLA at Sanakhemundi block office on December 3, 2011. Jena was also present there at the time, police added.Police found four swords, three mobile sets and blood-stained dresses from the accused. Four others involved in the murder are still at large. \"They have been identified. We will nab them soon,\" another police officer said.The body of 35-year-old Rath was found near a college at Digapahandi on March 9. His wife had unsuccessfully contested in the panchayat election from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589098", "title": "State holds golf tourneys to woo investors to global investors' meet", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka believes in doing it differently, if the golf tourney it organized last month is any indication. At a time when a slowdown is looming over the economy, the industries department went all out and organized a Global Investors' Meet Golf Tournament in New Delhi, where more than 100 people participated. They included 20 diplomats, secretary level bureaucrats and industrialists.These sporting encounters are a complete departure from the routine methods to woo investors for the third edition of the Global Investors' Meet (GIM) slated in June, and whether the hard cash will flow in remains to be seen. \"This is a new thinking to attract investments. Buoyed by its success, we are organizing a similar golf tournament in May in Bangalore,\" K Jothiramalingam, principal secretary, commerce and industries department told STOI.The tournament was organized at Qutab Golf Club during the department's road show in New Delhi. In each of the 18 holes, a small placard bearing information on Karnataka was placed. The information included Mahatma Gandhi being AICC president at the session held in Belgaum in 1924, Karnataka being the first state to produce electricity in Asia, 45% of the Western Ghats being located in the state, among others.Between putts, golfers had to read up the placards, and face a quiz after the tournament. \"Most of the dignitaries got it right, and bagged the prize money. Prizes were also given for the best longest drive and shortest drive. The Brunei ambassador won the prize in one of the categories,\" Jothiramalingam said.The department is said to have spent around Rs14 lakh on this exercise. The amount given for the golf course was said to be Rs4 lakh. Asked about its success, the principal secretary said diplomats from Singapore , Brunei, Malaysia and Trindad and Tobago have assured they will bring their trade delegations. Besides Mumbai, there is a demand from Chennai and Hyderabad to organize similar golf tourneys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595131", "title": "TITANIC 3D untouched by Housefull at Indian BO!", "text": "James Cameron's epic love story and visual effects extravaganza has marked a triumphant return to the big screen as audiences are rushing to witness the magic of 'Titanic 3D!\"The re-release of the film has garnered a staggering 6.1 crores in its opening weekend, and the film's 3D collections are the highest amongst this year's films' weekend collections (in 3D)! This marks a huge achievement for the Titanic 3D team as its not only a re-release of a film which has already grossed Rs.55 Crores in India previously, but also coincided with the much publicized IPL opening weekend and the huge multi-starrer Housefull 2.Not just in India, but international markets have also been mesmerized with the stunning digital wizardry as Titanic 3D generated outstanding International openings earning $35.5m from 5,579 screens in 84 countries (53 markets) this holiday weekend!For the Indian market, Titanic 3D was dubbed in 3 local languages with a record 70 screens converted to 3D just for this film!With a majority of the multiplexes going house full in cities such as Delhi, Pune, Hyderabad and Chennai, the passion and excitement amongst Indian fans has been reaffirmed with positive reports coming from all centers.Titanic 3D is a commemoration of the 100th anniversary of the sailing of the Titanic, and pays a special tribute to the tragedy that took place in 1912. The most celebrated film in history has been brought in the 3D format by James Cameron , who has once again broken all boundaries and created a visual extravaganza. Starring multiple award winners Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet , \"Titanic\" first released in 1997 and is one of the greatest love stories of all time, winning 11 Oscars that year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590549", "title": "UP government shifts 3 IAS officers", "text": "In a minor administrative reshuffle, the UP government shifted three IAS officers on Sunday. Secretary, science and technology Mohd Mustafa has been relieved from the additional charge of commissioner land consolidation, while L Venkateshwar Loo, divisional commissioner, Mirzapur has been posted as the commissioner, land consolidation department. Manoj Singh, who was on the waiting list, has been posted as commissioner and secretary board of revenue, Lucknow.Conference: The state-level conference of All India Udyog Vyapar Pratinidhi Mandal was held at Sahkarita Bhawan on Sunday. The traders accorded grand welcome to the president of the Pratinidhi Mandal Surendra Mohan Agarwal. The leaders of the vyapar mandal said that Agarwal had played an important role in bringing the Samajwadi Party (SP) government to power in UP by associating a large number of traders with the SP. A resolution was passed in the conference calling upon the trading community to make every effort to ensure victory of maximum number of SP candidates in the 2014 parliamentary elections.CM requested to reduce VAT: UP Petroleum Traders Association at its meeting held on Sunday passed a resolution requesting Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav to reduce value added tax on petrol and diesel and bring it at par with Delhi and Haryana. The resolution also demanded to bring lubricating oil out of vat's ambit, abolition of licence for diesel, payment of pending bills for diesel and petrol supplied during elections etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596120", "title": "Shashank Vyas enjoying stardom!", "text": "He is better known as Jagya, and Shashank Vyas has left no stone unturned to ensure that he portrays the role to perfection in Balika Vadhuon Colors. And the results are showing. The actor, who was in Vadodara to promote his show, got mobbed wherever he went.A happy Shashank tells us, \"I am enjoying all the attention. I got into acting only after I could not get admission in a good B-school, and never thought I would become so popular in such a short span of time. There have been numerous occasions when I would get pretty late night calls from crazy fans. This was my mother's favorite show and I guess her blessings have gone a long way in ensuring that the audiences have accepted me like this.\"With a mischievous smile, he adds, \"My only complaint is that even now, young girls don't seem to notice me and it's only 40 plus women who pamper me.\"This seemingly harmless guy, blessed with chocolate boy looks, is also a big prankster by his own admission. \"I am one of the most mischievous persons around on the sets, and I tease both Anjum Farooki and Pratyusha Banerjee a lot!\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12588018", "title": "Christ's resurrection celebrated with joy", "text": "KANPUR: Easter was celebrated with fun and traditional fervour in the city on Sunday. Christians thronged malls and entertainment spots and exchanged gifts to mark the occasion.Dressed in their best, the people attended mass prayers organized in churches across the city. On this day, Christians commemorate the resurrection of Jesus after his crucifixion. The Catholics also celebrated the day by organizing social get-togethers. Priests led the services and delivered sermons in churches. The revellers were seen shopping for Easter delicacies and cakes.The churches were beautifully decorated with bright lights and a festive atmosphere prevailed.\"Easter signifies hope and salvation. It is celebrated as the victory of good over bad. This is why this day is commemorated with joy,\" said Roselin, a devotee at St Mary's Orthodox Church in Krishnapuram.Father Shaji George of St Mary's Orthodox Church wished people on the occasion and blessed the devotees who had come to the church. Prayers were held in the church. Tales were narrated how the Christ was put on the cross and the pain he suffered.Congregations were also held at St Francis Xavier's Church in Ashok Nagar, Good Shepherd Church near Lal Imli in Prem Nagar, St Thomas Church in K-block of Kidwai Nagar and United Church in Ramadevi.\"The mass prayers and get-togethers at churches were held amid ringing of bells and lighting of special Easter candles. Devotees and members of the churches narrated the story of Christ's resurrection,\" said Anita, who attended a mass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596124", "title": "Indian actors in North American talk show", "text": "Bollywood actors Kareena Kapoor, Rishi and Neetu Kapoor, Neha Dhupia , Boman Irani and Karisma Kapoor will feature in a North American talk show.Five of Indian Cinema's favourite stars will be seen in a talk show series - 'Indian Cinema in Conversation' that will take off in the month May and will go on till month of August this year. The five-part series features in-depth conversations with Bollywood superstars like Kareena Kapoor, Rishi and Neetu Kapoor, Neha Dhupia, Boman Irani and Karisma Kapoor.Talking more about the show, Sudesh Sonawane,founder of Entertainment Synergies elaborates, \"Indian cinema has gained popularity all over the globe. This will be the first of its kind show that will target the North American fans who will get an opportunity to see their favorite stars and ask questions of the stars live from their seats. It will be a different kind of experience for the audience to watch their favourite actors live interacting with them. Also it will be refreshing to see actors sharing talks about their personal lives, rare moments and experiences before the audience. We have just started with five actor and hope to bring in many more Indian actors in future too.\"The talk show begin from May 6 with the legendary actor, director and producer Rishi Kapoor along with his wife Neetu Kapoor speaking about their incredible lives and journey through Indian cinema. The next show on June 16 will feature comedian actor Boman Irani who will regale audiences with his humour and insightful stories, and perhaps even sing a song at the show. On July 28, gorgeous and talented actor Neha Dhupia will take the stage for an intimate evening in conversation with the popular beauty queen as she shares her journey as one of the industry's truly evocative and unconventional actresses. The show will also include the Kapoor khandaan girls - Karisma and Kareena Kapoor. They will engage the audience with stories of their personal lives. Indian Cinema in Conversation is produced by Starvox Entertainment and Stephen A.C. Shinn Productions in association with Entertainment Synergies.Piyali Dasgupta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595366", "title": "Priyanka Chopra plays peacemaker to Gaga, Katy Perry", "text": "There is an interesting connection that has evolved at the recent IPL opening ceremony.Priyanka Chopra , who was performing at the event, is heard to have befriended international singer Kate Perry who also performed LIVE at the event.The two bonded so well that Priyanka played host to the lovely Perry the following day by taking her out to lunch and even helped her with some Indian shopping.Priyanka is known to be good friends with Lady Gaga too. In fact, the two are associating together for an album that'll release sometime this year. It so happens, that only recently, there were reports that Lady Gaga and Katy Perry had indulged in a cat fight and that they couldn't see eye-to-eye.With PC being the common factor between them, is there a possibility that she'll play peacemaker? While Chopra has said nothing on the same, it's Katy Perry who has been clarifying that there is no feud with Lady Gaga whatsoever and that she is but a fan on the international artiste herself.Well, in that case, one could well expect to see PC making merry with both Katy and Gaga some day, some time. That would be one hell of a game of musical chairs in the offing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12589094", "title": "Count on me, says free Tibet martyr in last SMS", "text": "KOLKATA: A Day after the recovery of Tibetan youth Dandhup Phunsak's body, who had jumped off the Howrah bridge to protest the Chinese occupancy of Tibet, TOI managed to access the content of his text message he had sent to Rubi Mukherjee, a member of Ganasamannay, which works with Tibetan refugees.The first SMS sent to Rubi's mobile on March 30 reads: \"I will be going alone as I have not told anyone other than you, whom I trust. I want to tell my people that writing 'free Tibet' at the gate of the consulate is a better way to protest than self immolating oneself.\"The text, however, suggests that Dandhup, who was eager to show protest against Chinese occupation and wanted to mark his protest, was planning to go to the Chinese consulate in the city to write 'free Tibet' on the gate of the consulate. \"He was, earlier, planning self immolation after the Delhi incident, where another Tibetan youth had set himself ablaze. But I resisted him and that might led him to change his plan,\" said Rubi on the first text message.On the evening of April 2, she received another SMS from Dandhup which reads: \"Ruby di sorry. I lied. Actually, I want to do it myself and it is my personal decision, whatever the consequences may be tonight, you don't worry. I m not associating anyone with this act, as this is just me and myself. I will delete all the phone numbers from my cell, so that no one gets disturbed if I am caught in this act. Okay, please don't mind and don't worry because you can count on my words. Free Tibet.\"Soon after receiving this message, Rubi reportedly rang back Dandhup but his cell phone was switched off. On the next morning, Dandhup's mother informed Rubi that his son was missing since April 2 evening. But, he left behind the cell phone, from which he had sent these messages, at his Behala residence.Dendhup was cremated in Keoratala On Sunday. The Tibetan religious leaders and the members of Tibet Youth Congress - an organization of the Tibetan refugees in India - initiated a probe into the incident. \"A two-member delegation team, comprising the president of Darjeeling and Salugara Regional Tibetan Youth Congress, will meet the victim's family on Monday. We have already informed our executive body in Dharamshala,\" said Chung Chung Bhutia, president of North East Tibetan Youth Congress.Police also have reasons to believe that after sending the SMS on April 2, he decided to end his life and went to the Howrah bridge. The initial findings of the post mortem also confirmed his death due to drowning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593187", "title": "Cinema that inspires", "text": "Few films that inspires the cinemaNosferatu: A Symphony Of Horror (1922)Director F. W. MurnauStarring Max Schreck, Gustav von Wangenheim, Greta SchroderTime 94 minutes Nosferatu is the original vampire movie. Director F W Murnau based the film on Bram Stoker's novel Dracula but changed the title and character names - a move that resulted in litigation and a court order that all prints be destroyed. Thankfully, prints in Germany survived. Nosferatu feels like a delirious nightmare. Murnau combines expressionism and realism to create a genuinely chilling portrait of evil. The vampire here has none of the sexual magnetism of later screen interpretations - with bulging eyes, bat ears and rat - like teeth, Nosferatu is definitely not the ancestor of the elegant blood-suckers in the Twilight movies. He is repulsive, a symbol of pestilence and disease. Interestingly, Nosferatu was played by a character actor named Max Schreck, whose surname actually means fright in German.Nosferatu is a 90-year-old film but it still has the power to engage you. I especially enjoyed some of the title cards: when Nosferatu sees the photograph of a lovely young woman, all he notices is her beautiful neck. And early on, a man tells the lead character who is running: \"Do not hurry, my young friend. Nobody can escape his destiny.\" Indeed.Nosferatu: A Symphony Of Horror (1922)Director F. W. MurnauStarring Max Schreck, Gustav von Wangenheim, Greta SchroderTime 94 minutes Nosferatu is the original vampire movie. Director F W Murnau based the film on Bram Stoker's novel Dracula but changed the title and character names - a move that resulted in litigation and a court order that all prints be destroyed. Thankfully, prints in Germany survived. Nosferatu feels like a delirious nightmare. Murnau combines expressionism and realism to create a genuinely chilling portrait of evil. The vampire here has none of the sexual magnetism of later screen interpretations - with bulging eyes, bat ears and rat - like teeth, Nosferatu is definitely not the ancestor of the elegant blood-suckers in the Twilight movies. He is repulsive, a symbol of pestilence and disease. Interestingly, Nosferatu was played by a character actor named Max Schreck, whose surname actually means fright in German.Nosferatu is a 90-year-old film but it still has the power to engage you. I especially enjoyed some of the title cards: when Nosferatu sees the photograph of a lovely young woman, all he notices is her beautiful neck. And early on, a man tells the lead character who is running: \"Do not hurry, my young friend. Nobody can escape his destiny.\" Indeed.Parinda (1989)Director Vidhu Vinod ChopraStarring Anil Kapoor, Jackie Shroff, Madhuri Dixit, Nana PatekarTime 129 minutes Full disclosure: I'm married to the director so this recommendation does toot the family horn but I couldn't resist. Parinda is the original Mumbai gangster noir - a film about two brothers who become embroiled in the city's underworld. The older one sacrifices himself to give his younger brother a better life. The younger brother voluntarily joins the gang to avenge his best friend's death.The story wasn't particularly new but the telling had such urgency and force that the film doesn't seem dated even today. My favourite character is Anna, the psychotic don who may or may not have burned his wife and child to death. Nana Patekar was so effectively vicious that he made subsequent villains seem effete in comparison. The cinematography, by Binod Pradhan, and the editing, by the late Renu Saluja, helped to construct a vividly tragic vision of Mumbai. Incredibly the film wasn't a commercial success - the Punjab distributor complained that viewers believed that the climactic, wedding bed murder was a dream sequence and were angered when they discovered that there wasn't going to be a happy ending. But over the years, viewers discovered Parinda and it endures as a cult film.The Edge Of Heaven (2007)Director Fatih AkinStarring Baki Darvak, Hanna Schygulla, Nurgul YesilcayTime 116 minutes The Edge of Heaven is about six principal characters whose lives crisscross each other's but never connect. Like Amores Perros, Paul Haggis' Crash and Babel, this is a multistrand narrative that moves seamlessly between characters and countries. Fatih Akin, a Turkish-German filmmaker, creates a quietly powerful meditation on family ties, dislocation and the definition of home.The film begins with an old man and a prostitute. He is lonely and asks her to be his full-time companion. But when she becomes friends with his son, he kills her in a fit of jealousy. The murder sets off a chain of events that result in coffins moving from one country to the next. But there is no melodrama here - just a quiet, assured movement toward inevitable tragedy. Akin does not judge his characters. He allows us to see them with all their flaws as people who did the best they could in difficult circumstances. All the performances are firstrate but what stayed with me was the wise and grieving face of Hanna Schygulla, one of Germany's most iconic actresses, best-known for her Fassbinder films. From the first time you see her, you understand that she knows, firsthand, of the frailty of human beings. But there is such serenity and compassion on her face. She embodies this profound film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596182", "title": "Amala Paul at KIFW", "text": "It was the second day at the Kochi International Fashion Week and we spotted many celebrities at the do, some walking the ramp, while some attended the event as guests.Actress Amala Paul was also spotted among the front row of fashionistas. Dressed in a one shoulder white gown, she was pulled to the ramp by designer Hari Anand. She was accompanied by Miss Kerala Elizabeth Thadikaran, Bollywood actor Shawar Ali and Mrs India Jeemol Jaibin. Among the other celebrities who were in attendance at the fashion week were Priyanka Shah, Saiju Kurup and Abhishek of Cassanova fame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12588887", "title": "Indo-US naval exercise begins", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The annual Indo-US naval exercise, Malabar-2012, commenced in the Bay of Bengal at Chennai coast on Saturday. The 10-day long exercise would see the participation of frontline units from both countries.The focus areas of the exercise include air defence, helicopter cross deck operations and anti-submarine warfare.The US Navy is being represented by ships from Carrier Task Force 70 of the Seventh Fleet which is based at Yokosuka in Japan.The Indian Navy is being represented by the indigenously built guided missile frigate INS Satpura, guided missile destroyers INS Ranvijay and INS Ranvir and fleet tanker INS Shakti. Malabar-2012 is the 16th in a series of bilateral exercises since 1992.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12590710", "title": "Over 2,000 study in Konkani medium outside the state", "text": "PANAJI: Goans residing within the state might be choosing Marathi and English as their medium of instruction (MoI) over Konkani, but natives who have migrated to other states have not forgotten their roots. More than 2,000 Goans study in Konkani medium schools in states like Delhi, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra and Kerala.Statistics compiled for the Union human resource development ministry by the National University for Educational Planning and Administration ( NUEPA) in the 2010-11 survey on medium of instruction in schools had revealed that Oriya, Assamese, Kanada, Telugu and Malayalam medium schools are opening up to meet the needs of the migrant population in Goa.That Konkani is increasingly losing out as the medium of preference against Marathi and English primary schools is well-known. But a lesser known and more heartening news for Konkani lovers is the fact that Goans who have migrated to other states have not abandoned their mother tongue as readily as those living within the state.With 483 students studying in Konkani medium primary schools and 402 in Konkani high schools, Uttar Pradesh has the highest number of students opting for the language as MoI outside its home state. Kerala, which has a native Konkani population of its own, has 543 students who have chosen the language as MoI at the school as well as high school level.In Maharashtra, 231 students learn in Konkani medium at the primary level and 90 at the high school level.The country's capital has 307 students studying in Konkani medium schools at the primary level, though none of these opt for the language as a medium in Delhi at the high school level.Close to 60 students have enrolled in Konkani medium schools at the primary level in Jharkhand and another 100 have chosen it as MoI at the high school level. This takes the number of students studying Konkani outside Goa to 2,210.In Goa, 35,565 students have opted for Konkani medium schools from Classes I to V and 15,424 from Classes VI to VIII. When one takes into account the number of students studying in Konkani medium schools outside Goa, the total enrolment in Konkani from Classes I to VIII across the country adds up to 53,199.BOX* GoaI-V - 35,565VI-VIII - 15,424Total - 50,989* Uttar PradeshI-V - 483VI-VIII - 402Total - 885* KeralaI-V - 142VI-VIII - 401Total - 543* MaharashtraI-V - 231VI-VIII - 90Total 321* DelhiI-V - 307VI-VIII - NilTotal - 307* JharkhandI-V - 58VI-VIII - 96Total - 154", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593743", "title": "RTE report reveals a bleak picture", "text": "Slow implementation of the Right to Education Act raises concern as only a year left to fulfil normsUnhappy with the slow progress in implementing the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, a memorandum was submitted to the Prime Minister last week by the RTE Forum. The RTE Act, which came into force on April 1, 2009, guarantees the provision of free and compulsory education to children aged six to 14. To fulfil this right, the Act requires all schools to comply with given norms within three years.Shantha Sinha, National Commission for Protection of Child Rights ( NCPCR) chairperson, emphasises, \"The count-down has begun as we are into the third year of the implementation of RTE. We can criticise government for slow implementation but we need to remember this is the only opportunity that we have to give a right to education to our children. Only governments have the might and reach to provide education to the poor and marginalised and those excluded from the mainstream. Concerted efforts are required to utilise this opportunity for our children.\" A stocktaking meeting was held last week, which revealed a bleak picture. As part of the exercise, a report was released by the RTE Forum, which highlighted that around 95.2% of schools are not compliant with the complete set of RTE infrastructure indicators.Ambarish Rai, national convener, RTE forum, says, \"Current status paints a bleak picture for children as more than 95% schools don't adhere to government norms and we have only one year left to meet the criteria laid in the RTE Act. After more than 100 years of struggle now that we have the RTE Act in place, it is sad to see the lackadaisical attitude of state governments in implementing the Right to Education as a fundamental right in the true sense.\"Quality EducationIn terms of quality, the report reveals that the school infrastructure does not meet the norms of RTE. Some of the highlights include two out of five schools lack functional toilets; one in 10 schools lack drinking water facilities; 40% schools lack a separate toilet for girls; 60% schools are without electricity; schools without libraries have declined from 37.5% in 2010 to 28.6% in 2011; one in every five schools has a computer; instruction in mother tongue is not available especially in tribal and border districts; 99.68% of students experience punishment of some sort; 6.89 lakh sanctioned teacher posts are vacant and 6.7 lakh teachers are not trained.Besides, the RTE mandates a 30:1 pupil-teacher ratio, however, ASER 2011 data shows that about 60% of all primary schools in the country have failed to meet this critical criterion.According to Rampal Singh, president, All India Primary Teachers' Federation (AIPTF), \"Parents, whether rich or poor, want quality education; but with just one teacher per 80 students, how is it possible?\" He further adds, \"Teachers are often asked to participate in non-academic activities such as election duty, etc. In a three-room school building, five classes are held, which is not an ideal learning environment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12590674", "title": "RSS toasts Indira Gandhi's stand on hostages", "text": "NEW DELHI: The RSS has praised late Indira Gandhi as the only one who had stood her ground against terror while it took a dig at BJP's Jaswant Singh for accompanying Kashmiri terrorists to secure the release of a planeload of Indian hostages.In its editorial on the current hostage crisis in Odisha, the RSS mouthpiece Organiser has said neither the Centre nor the states have a \"well-defined policy\" on kidnapping and hostage-prisoner swap.\"While Indira Gandhi as PM in 1984 went ahead and hanged Maqbool Bhat when the Kashmiri terrorists held the Indian diplomat Ravindra Mhatre as hostage. He was killed by the terrorists. Since then there has hardly ever been any instance when the government stood its ground,\" the editorial said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589232", "title": "Government finds excuse to delay appointment", "text": "BANGALORE: The Lokayukta's office in Karnataka, which has acquired the status of an exemplary anti-graft body thanks to Justice Santosh N Hegde, remains headless today. Indications are that it will remain so in the near future. For, it appears the Karnataka high court verdict has come in handy for the state government to delay the appointment. The high court has suggested new guidelines for the selection ofLokayukta/Upa Lokayukta. This means the process already in place may have to be scrapped. For a government which seemed all along reluctant to appoint a new Lokayukta, the verdict has come as a blessing in disguise to delay the process further. This was evident by the remarks made by the government after the verdict. \"The government is awaiting full copy of the HC verdict and will decide whether to appeal in the Supreme Court,\" law and parliamentary S Suresh Kumar told TOI.Though he claimed that the process won't be delayed, political observers see in his statements the government reluctance to fast-track the process. Once the state government goes to the apex court, it can always cite the pendency of the case to delay appointments, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12590058", "title": "No hard feelings, General VK Singh to get warm sendoff", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government hopes that Army chief Gen VK Singh's eventful tenure in office will now end on a less turbulent note as despite controversies that rocked civilian-military ties, the general is seen as a \"professional soldier\" with a sound grasp of strategic matters.The row over Gen Singh's contentious demand that his date of birth be altered led to a souring of ties with the government besides rocking the top ranks of the Army but his equations with defence minister AK Antony remain equanimous despite the high-octane events that saw the chief approach the Supreme Court in a failed attempt to \"correct\" his date of birth.It is understood that the government continues to see Gen Singh as having worked for the betterment of the force he commands and will be more than glad to end the association on a no-hard-feelings note when the chief retires in May. Suggestions that the general may have political plans has not escaped notice but this would be seen as a personal choice. Some quarters feel Gen Singh would lose some of his standing if he were to join a partisan platform after retiring.However, there is a sense of satisfaction in the government over the general scotching reports of there being anything sinister in the allegedly \"unauthorized\" movement of troops towards Delhi on January 16. The general described such movements as purely routine, echoing the position taken by the government after it was suggested that the Army chief's supporters had staged a show of strength on the day when he approached the Supreme Court over his date of birth.The Army chief's allegation that he was offered a bribe with regard to a truck contract and the subsequent leak of a sensitive letter he wrote to the PM put the government and Antony in a tough spot. The defence minister ordered a CBI inquiry while the opposition demanded a response to the letter's contents that listed serious deficiencies in defence preparedness.The suspicions and distrust between the government and the general are not likely to dissipate completely and while the ministry has moved to accelerate medium term and long term plans, sources point out that progress and scope of modernization will depend on macro factors like the Centre's finances. The ministry could ask for much more than is available although the defence budget has increased by 18%.Inspite of financial limitations, the Army has raised two new divisions in Arunachal Pradesh, adding crucial muscle on the border with Tibet . The last time a new division was raised was during the tenure of the late R Venkataraman as defence minister in the early 1980s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12588326", "title": "Domestic help gang-raped by two men in moving car", "text": "NOIDA: The safety of women in Noida has once again come under the scanner after a 28-year-old woman was allegedly drugged and gang-raped in a moving car on Saturday and then dumped near Kalindi Kunj. Police said one accused has been arrested while the other is absconding with the car in which the victim was raped.Noida police said, the victim, a native of Darjeeling, was gang-raped by two men while she was returning from her work around 8.30pm on Saturday. \"The woman, a widow, lives in sector 93 in Noida and works as a domestic help in the Shramik Kunj apartments in the same area. On Saturday evening, while she was returning from work, the accused identified as Kunwar Pal and Sunder offered her a lift in their Santro car. After a short while, they gave her a drink laced with sedatives. She was then raped in the moving car for seven hours on various stretches of the city, including the expressway,\" said SSP Praveen Kumar , adding that the accused are probably known to the victim.\"The two men dropped the woman at an isolated place near Kalindi Kunj. When the Okhla Police noticed the woman, they called the Noida police,\" said a cop.The Phase-II police have registered a case under section 376 (rape) of IPC against Kunwar Pal and Sunder. While Pal, a cement supplier, was arrested, Sunder is absconding with the Santro car. His location was traced to be in Delhi late Sunday evening.The district police, however, claimed that the victim's statements have been contradicted by residents of Gheja villager, where the accused reside. Senior cops said villagers alleged that the two accused were being framed by a rival group with which they have an old dispute. \"The victim's medical examination has confirmed rape, but a group of people from Gheja village came to us on behalf of the accused saying they were being falsely implicated by members of a rival group,\" the SSP said.\"We are investigating on both lines, on the implication angle as well as the circumstances described by the woman in her complaint,\" Kumar said, adding that the other accused would be arrested by night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "12589870", "title": "Woman 'killed' for not bringing dowry", "text": "ANGUL: A man allegedly shot dead his wife for not bringing \"enough\" dowry, police said here on Sunday. Police is probing the incident in which the husband shot his wife dead with a mouser at point blank range on Saturday night at Talcher in Angul district.Chuni Behera (22) of Hensamul village under Colliery police station in Talcher was reportedly married to Ratnakara Behera of Paranga village, under Nisha police station limits, a few years ago. She was staying with her husband in her father's house in Handidhuan area since the past few days.Anusaya Behera, the deceased's younger sister said she heard a sound outside her room and when she came out she found her sister gunned down by her brother-in-law. The woman's father Kedara Behera alleged in his police complaint that Ratnakara had been harassing his daughter for dowry.Police recovered the mouser used in the crime and a murder case was registered against the husband, who is absconding after the incident, said Colliery police station inspector Bhabani Shankara Udgata. The accused would be nabbed soon, he added. The incident came close on the heels of a man firing at his wife in Balasore last week. The woman is undergoing treatment at SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12588017", "title": "'Public hosps need projection to regain people's trust'", "text": "NAGPUR: Despite several glitches and constraints, the public hospitals in the city are trying to provide the best possible service to the patients. However, their public image has always been a negative one. These hospitals need to move with the times and proactively showcase themselves as the institutes of excellence that they are. Several sections of the society, including activists and media along with general public, need to advocate the cause of these hospitals so that they get a fair deal out of the public healthcare services, believe experts.These were the conclusions that were drawn after eminent people, including many doctors, held discussions on the lack of faith in people in public hospitals during a panel discussion organized by city chapter of Indian Medical Association and Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital (IGMCH). The panelists included IGMCH dean Dr Prakash Wakode, former Supreme Court judge Vikas Sirpurkar, pro-chancellor of Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences Dr Ved Prakash Mishra, former president of Vidarbha Economic Development Council (VED) Vilas Kale, former national president of IMA Dr Ashok Adhao, director of Orange City Hospital and Research Institute Dr Anup Marar.President of state IMA Dr Milind Naik, who was the chief guest, spoke about several deficiencies in the government hospitals which discourage people from taking their services. He also said that there is a need to make efforts that would bring back the lost glory of these institutes.Dr Wakode underlined the various problems faced by those administering public hospitals, the most prominent ones being shortfall of infrastructure, manpower and budgetary allocation. He stressed that the primary duty of medical colleges was to provide education, with healthcare being a secondary duty and at tertiary level.Justice Sirpurkar believed that consumerism had played a role in driving people towards private services. He also said that unlike before most of the better known doctors are not associated with these institutions anymore as the salaries drawn by the doctors in public hospitals are very less. He gave a seven-point solution that included compulsory provision of beds in private hospitals for BPL patients, reasonable cost of medical education, voluntary participation of private practitioners in government-run hospitals and separate departments for administering the hospitals.The state has failed to give importance to the two most important sectors in the country - health and education - leaving no choice for people but to rely on private services, believed Dr Mishra. He said that 81% of healthcare services in the country were provided by the private sector which is a very bad scenario. Many subcentres, PHCs and community centres are in a non-functional condition, he complained.Dr Adhao said that there is a lack of communication from the hospitals about the facilities that they have which acts against them in an age of marketing. He also wished that those employed in these hospitals could be given better salaries. Agreed Dr Marar, saying that the reasons why people prefer private hospitals over public hospitals are accountability, transparency, personalized care and minimal waiting time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12589800", "title": "Abductors summon MLA's wife to come with freed prisoners", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Hopes about release of abducted Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka brightened on Sunday after Maoists responsible for his kidnapping sent a letter asking the legislator's wife Kaushalya to reach Balipeta village in Narayanpatna block of Koraput district on April 10 along with 30 prisoners they want released.This came hours after Maoists responsible for abducting Italian Bosusco Paolo sought a clarification from the Odisha government on which of their demands, including release of prisoners, would be fulfilled in exchange for the hostage. \"The government's declaration should be clear. It should make public through media which of our 13 demands it has agreed to fulfill,\" Panda, who heads Odisha State Organising Committee (OSOC) of CPI (Maoist), said in an audio message. \"We hope this will ease out the complex situation relating to the hostage's release,\" he added. He, however, made no mention of when he would free Paolo, who the guerillas kidnapped along with another Italian Claudio Colangelo from Kandhamal-Ganjam area on March 14. On March 25, Maoists had freed Colangelo.The Andhra-Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee (AOBSZC) of CPI (Maoist), in a letter written by its leader Jagabandhu in Telugu, said B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty (the two mediators in the Italian hostage case) and lawyer Nihar Patnaik, who represents Maoists in courts, should accompany Hikaka's wife. Maoists would hand over Hikaka to them provide they do not bring along any police or intelligence officer, the letter said, warning the government against playing foul.On April 5, the government declared it would free 23 persons (15 Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangha activists and eight Maoists) for Hikaka and four others for Paolo. The four prisoners offered for the Italian includes two CMAS activists Suka Nachika and Chakra Tadingi besides Subhashree (Panda's wife) and Arati Majhi. AOBSZC, which is holding Hikaka captive in Koraput since March 23 night, wants Suka and Chakra to reach Balipeta on April 10, when its deadline to the government would end, along with the government-named 23 prisoners and five others, Chenda Bhusanam alias Ghasi, Gananath Patra, Singa Nachika, Suno Pangi and Wadeka Walsi, whose release it demanded on Saturday.Earlier in the day, CM Naveen Patnaik said the government was 'examining the legal aspects' of AOBSZC's demands to free five more prisoners. Official sources ruled out releasing Ghasi, but said the other four were being considered.Panda's latest audio tape came a day after the state government and OSOC-proposed mediators, Sharma and Mohanty, 'concluded' their talks, which begun on March 22, after issuing a 'jointly agreed press statement'. Panda had earlier demanded a 'signed agreement'. The government-mediators' statement said after several rounds of discussion the mediators had given six names, Arati Majhi, Manmohan Pradhan, Suka Nachika, Chakra Tadingi, Bijay Tadingi and Subhashree (Sabyasachi' wife), of whom the government has agreed to facilitate release of five, barring Manmohan Pradhan.Panda alias Sunil said he had demanded release of seven prisoners: Kamalkanta Sethy, Sujata, Subhashree Das, Sudarshan Mandal, Gananath Patra, Arati Majhi and Nachika Suka, but was unclear as to who the government would free. He also posed certain questions to the government, including the justification of declaring 'mass organizations as unlawful on false charges'.Reacting to Panda's latest statements, Naveen said, \"There seems to be some confusion. Government negotiators and Maoist-appointed mediators had come to a clear conclusion yesterday. I hope all these will be cleared by them soon.\" Naveen informed that Italian ambassador Giacomo Sanfelice Di Monteforte had again called him and expressed concern about Paolo.Official sources said there was no need to clarify to Panda as it had, along with the mediators, already issued a 'jointly agreed press statement'. \"It is for the rebel-named mediators to effectively communicate to Maoists what the government has agreed to do,\" a senior officer said.Dandapani Mohanty in turn countered, \"Panda has asked the government to clarify; it was up to the government to respond. We as mediators have no role to play.\" Mohanty added, \"Maoists proposed our names to act as interlocutors through the media. The government stand can be communicated to Maoists through the media. I don't know if Panda has received the joint statement or not. We don't have any direct contact with them. No Maoist emissary has met me since mediation started.\"Though Panda's statements have seemingly created another hurdle for Paolo's release, government officers said they were optimistic Panda would let off the foreigner before the April 10 deadline he earlier set expired, as a court in Gunupur is slated to deliver its verdict in a case pertaining to Subhashree (Panda's wife) the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12596600", "title": "Aarushi murder: Allahabad HC suspends its order asking CBI court to 'expeditiously' decide bail plea of Nupur Talwar", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In a setback to dentist Nupur Talwar, facing trial in the murder of her teenaged daughter Aarushi, the Allahabad high court on Monday suspended its last month order asking a CBI court at Ghaziabad to \"expeditiously\" decide any bail application moved by her.The court passed the order on a recall application filed by the CBI which alleged that Talwar had secured the order in her favour by submitting \"false information\" and sought punitive action against her.Justice Bala Krishna Narayana, while suspending his order dated March 13, 2012, issued notice to Nupur asking her to file a reply within two weeks and also summoned the records of the trial from the lower court.According to CBI counsel Anurag Khanna, the probe agency has alleged that in her petition Nupur had prayed for a direction to the trial court that a decision on her bail application be taken on the same day and had \"falsely\" stated that she had not so far been granted this sort of relief.\"Nupur Talwar had made the submission hiding the fact that an order to the effect that her bail plea be decided on the very same day was passed by the Allahabad high court itself on March 18, 2011.\"The CBI has therefore requested the court to recall its order passed last month and also sought punitive action against the petitioner under Section 340 of the Criminal Procedure Code for providing false information in a sworn affidavit,\" Khanna said.On March 13, the court had asked Nupur to appear before the CBI court within 30 days and asked the trial court to \"expeditiously\" decide any bail application filed by her.Nupur and her husband Rajesh Talwar are facing trial in the four-year-old murder case.The body of Aarushi was found with her throat slit at their Noida residence in May, 2008. The body of their domestic help Hemraj was recovered from the terrace of the house hours later.Investigation in the case was handed over to the CBI following public outrage over shoddy probe by the Uttar Pradesh police.The CBI submitted its closure report last year in which it did not name the Talwar couple as an accused.However, the special court at Ghaziabad decided to go ahead with the trial holding that there was enough evidence against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12590449", "title": "'Decision on MoI, RP-2021 after Apr 20'", "text": "PANAJI: A decision on the medium of instruction issue, Regional Plan 2021, confirming computer teachers in aided schools and reshuffling of administrative staff will be taken after April 20, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Sunday.Speaking to media persons on the sidelines of the swearing-in ceremony, Parrikar said \"I will send a note on Monday to freeze the regional plan. All permissions issued after March 20 should be put up before the government because the governor has spoken in the assembly on regional plan.\"Parrikar pointed out that Governor K Sankaranarayanan while addressing the budget session had said \"My government will denotify the Regional Plan 2021 and formulate one in due consultation with all stakeholders.\"Parrikar also said he will hold a meeting with stakeholders on regional plan after April 20. \"I will call the group and see what has been done earlier with regards to regional plan and to check the legal position.\"The chief minister is also likely to hold a meeting to discuss medium of instruction and computer teachers' confirmation in aided schools issue. \"All these issues will be discussed between April 20 and 30,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12590211", "title": "UT keeps dengue record sting-free", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On record, there are no dengue cases reported in UT yet this season, but that is only because the health department is trying to sweep a detected case under the carpet. Recently, a patient from Sector 48 was admitted in private hospital in Sector 33, and treated for dengue and typhoid. However, the hospital's report has been dismissed as unconfirmed.This is despite the fact that the patient has undergone treatment for dengue and the case history has been sent to the official concerned for confirming dengue using rapid test. Dr Arun Kumar Girdhar, the treating physician at Landmark Hospital, where the patient is being treated, said, \"Since there were some holidays this week, we had intimated the case history of our dengue patient to the health department through fax. The patient\"s condition is improving now.\"Dr Girdhar added that there will be no use of any confirmatory test now as the patient\"s health is improving and even a rapid test can show negative. However, Dr Vinod Gagneja, officiating nodal officer of national vector borne disease control programme, UT said, \"We had asked the hospital for a confirmatory test which we have not received. So, we cannot consider the case on record as dengue.\"The case history of the patient mentions that he had travelled to Uttar Pradesh, but is a resident of Sector 48. A dengue case at this time of the season is unusual as it starts from July onwards, however, the health department officials have not sent any team for preventive steps. \"We cannot enforce a private hospital to give the confirmatory report. We can only motivate them,\" said Dr Gagneja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590257", "title": "'Ayodhya information can be made public'", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Information Commission (CIC) says there is nothing wrong in bringing information on Ayodhya in the public domain, through RTI. But ASI is not willing to part with the information.The commission on February 29 had directed the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) to provide records related to excavation made at the disputed site in Ayodhya under the Right to Information (RTI). The commission observed that there might be nothing wrong in providing the relevant information and asked the ASI to provide the information to the RTI applicant within 10 days of receiving the order from the CIC. However, the ASI so far has not acted on the order and the applicant has registered a complaint with the commission.The applicant, Subhash Chandra Agrawal, had sought complete and detailed information in October 2010 regarding the excavation findings of ASI at the disputed site of Ram Janmabhoomi/Babri Masjid in Ayodhya. He had sought copies of records relating to excavation made by ASI at a particular site. It was on September 30, 2010, that the Allahabad High Court had delivered its order regarding the disputed site.The commission had observed that people have the right to know information on Ayodhya. While, the central public information officer (CPIO), ASI, had provided some information, he had refused to disclose a copy of the report which the ASI had submitted to the high court in this regard on the ground that it was meant exclusively for the high court.And it's exactly on this count that Satyanand Mishra, chief information commissioner (CIC), New Delhi, had asked ASI to come clear. The CIC observed, \"If there is any such directive given by the high court that the copy of the report should not be disclosed to anyone else, a copy of that directive should be provided to the applicant.\"The CIC further added, \"We think that this is a very fair request and the CPIO should provide a copy of the relevant extract from the order of the high court in which the ASI had been instructed to present the report only to the high court and not to disclose it to anyone else. In case there is no such express direction from the high court, the copy of the said report should be provided to the applicant.\" This directive has paved the way for people to know what ASI found at the disputed site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "subject ", "code": "12588211", "title": "Five-star judgment in the history of consumer rights", "text": "Subject : Hotel liable for injury suffered by the guest due to defect designing of rooms.Backdrop : Here is a unique landmark judgement, where a five star hotel has been held liable to compensate its guest for the injury suffered due to faulty designing of its room.Case Study : For accommodating the invitees to his wedding in Goa, Siddhartha Bhimrajka had booked several rooms in Park Hyatt Goa Resort &amp; Spa, a five-star hotel belonging to Blue Coast Hotels and Resorts.Amongst the invitees were Vinay Rajpal, a 29-year-old businessman and his wife Ravina. On their arrival on July 7, 2005, the Rajpals were welcomed by the hotel staff and escorted to room no. 321 on the ground floor. The Rajpals found the room to be nice and pleasant, but the bathroom appeared to be peculiar. However, they did not say anything and accepted the room allotted to them.On July 9, the day of the wedding, the Rajpals attended a pool-side lunch party. Even though alcohol was served, they did not consume it. After returning to their room, they decided to take a shower. The bathroom had three steps to go down to the bathing area and there was a handle bar to the right. On the second step, Vinay Rajpal slipped badly and fell on his face with great force, resulting in fractures of the right mandible and left side of ramus.Vinay was taken to Apollo Victor Hospital, where he was administered first aid. After contacting doctors in Mumbai, he was flown by a chartered flight of Air Ambulance Service and admitted to Jaslok Hospital in Mumbai. He was operated upon the following day and discharged on July 16. However, his mouth was kept closed upto July 19 and he was unable to do his normal duties for a period of one year.Vinay had sent a legal notice to the hotel for compensation, followed up with reminders. The hotel's insurers responded, contesting the claim and denying any negligence on the part of the hotel.In September 2007, Vinay filed a consumer complaint before the Goa state commission claiming a compensation of Rs 30 lakhs. He claimed that he had suffered fractures due to a fall because the design of the bathroom was faulty and the housekeeping personnel had failed to maintain it properly.The hotel defended itself by pointing out that the same room no. 321 had been in use since the year 2002. Over the years, several guests had used it without any complaint or accident. Even the Rajpal couple who had checked in on July 7 must have used the bathroom thrice prior to the incident occurring. No grievance had been made by them regarding its design. Vinay slipped and fell, but his wife Ravina had not met with such an accident. So Vinay's fall could not be attributed to any fault in the design of the bathroom or due to any negligence of the management or its employees. It was merely an accident. Advocates Farhan Dubash and B D Nazareth appeared for Vinay, while the hotel was represented by Advocates Rajshekar Rao and D V Patkar. Vinay as the complainant and Mr. Marar, the assistant director of finance who had filed the reply on behalf of the hotel, were cross-examined. After a detailed hearing, the commission, presided over by Justice Britto and Member Prabhudesai, passed an order on January 25, 2012, holding the hotel liable to compensate Vinay.The commission noted that the photographs revealed that it was a sunken bathroom which could be used as a shower as well as a bathtub, and to reach it, three slanting steps had to be climbed down without proper support. The floor of the bathroom cum bathtub was made of unpolished natural stone known as 'Tumble Rock', while the steps leading to the bathroom were made of polished Egyptian marble with a slant towards the bathroom to ensure that excess water does not accumulate on the steps.The commission did not agree with the hotel's defence that the bathroom could not be considered faulty as no accident had occurred to the Rajpals during their first two days of stay. The commission noted that the hand railing was short and was not available for support while taking the second or third step. It was also inconveniently placed at a low level so that even a person of average height would have to bend to hold it. Thus, there was no support for getting down the slanting polished marble steps. The commission concluded that the bathroom had been constructed and maintained disregarding the safety of the guests.Negligence means a breach of duty to exercise due care expected of a reasonable prudent person. It is common knowledge that the slightest wetness on a polished marble floor or on a slanting polished floor is extremely dangerous. The hotel ought to have foreseen that the faulty designing of the bathroom could lead to an accident, but had been negligent in this regard, thereby entitling Vijay to claim compensation.Accordingly, the commission awarded reimbursement of medical expenses and cost of the chartered air ambulance. In addition, notional loss of income at Rs 3,750 per month for three months was also awarded. For the pain and trauma which entailed the insertion of titanium plate implants and screws requiring the jaw to be sealed for ten days, the commission awarded a further compensation of Rs.3 lakhs. Thus, in all a total compensation of Rs 9,33,400 along with costs of Rs 10,000 was awarded.Impact : This is a new milestone in the history of consumer rights.The author is a consumer activist and has won the Govt. of India's National Youth Award for Consumer Protection. His email id is jehangir_gai@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12588680", "title": "Poor facilities: DLF labourers block road", "text": "GURGAON: After going on a rampage on Saturday night, around 2,000 labourers working for DLF blocked the Faridabad road early on Sunday, protesting against the lack of basic facilities in a labour camp.The labourers went on a rampage in the camp on Saturday night and even damaged some properties.A PCR reached the spot soon after the Sushant Lok police got the information. The DLF officials then assured the labourers that they would provide them all the basic facilities by 11am on Wednesday.The angry labourers, however, blocked the Faridabad road on Sunday morning in protest against the builder. ACP (Sadar) Krishna Murari and the SHOs of Sushant Lok and DLF-II police stations reached the spot with a heavy force to control the situation.\"There was very miserable condition inside the labour camp. We told the DLF officials to provide proper facilities to the labourers. If they fail to fulfill their promise then police might take necessary action,\" said Murari. Basic facilities such as water, sanitation and cleanliness were lacking in the camp.Police also called one of the project heads, Sidharth Chaudhary, and a security officer, Devendra Malik. When asked, Malik denied having any knowledge about the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588412", "title": "3 teens kill youth after tiff in Malad", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old man was killed by his three teenaged neighbours in Malad (E) after a tiff on Saturday. The accused, two of whom are minors, fled the spot. They were arrested on Sunday.The deceased, Sunil Kazare, was a student and stayed at Ambedkar Nagar in Kurar village, said the police.\"The accused were playing cricket on a ground near the victim's house. Their ball hit the door to Kazare's house many times. Kazare confronted the boys and an argument ensued. In a fit of rage, the trio thrashed Kazare with sticks,\" a police officer said.Kazare died of his injuries on Sunday in Bhagwati Hospital. One of the accused has been identified as Laljeet Singh (18).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad/rajahmundry", "code": "12588898", "title": "Sand mining ban worries mantris", "text": "HYDERABAD/RAJAHMUNDRY: While the banning of sand mining by the AP high court was welcomed widely, ministers in the Kiran Kumar Reddy government are worried over its impact on the government housing scheme. They pointed out that sand scarcity would severely hit the construction of houses for the poor.Ministers Galla Aruna Kumari, Mopidevi Venkataramana, D K Aruna and government chief whip Gandra Venkataramana Reddy met the chief minister at his camp office on Sunday and impressed upon him on the urgent need to get the court's stay on sand mining vacated so that the housing activities would not be affected.Not only housing, the severe shortage of sand has affected the modernization works of the Godavari delta that irrigates more than 10 lakh acres in East and West Godavari districts, which are known as rice bowls of Andhra Pradesh. The government had taken up the modernization work at Rs 400 crore and had planned to complete it by the first week of June, that is before the onset of monsoon.Of the Rs 400 crore, as much as Rs 150 crore would be spent on renovation of drains. The remaining work on the canals need huge quantities of sand but with the closure of sand reaches, the excavation works have stopped. \"We are sending a report on sand scarcity to the collector. If sand is not supplied in time, all the works will come to a standstill,\" a senior irrigation official said.Sources, however, said that the sand mafia was excavating the sand illegally at some places in the coastal districts. The authorities have seized some vehicles transporting sand, which mostly belonged to the henchmen of politicians. \"With huge demand for sand, the mafia is now eyeing sand reaches in Orissa and planning to transport it here,\" sources said.Ministers met CM on Sunday and pointed out to him the urgent need to get the stay on sand mining vacated so that housing activities would not be affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12592240", "title": "Apple's Tim Cook becomes highest-paid CEO", "text": "WASHINGTON: Apple Inc's Tim Cook was the highest-paid chief executive officer in the US last year as compensation gained 2 per cent overall from 2010, the New York Times reported.Cook received about $378 million, which includes salary, perks and bonuses ($1.8 million) and a one-time stock award ($376.2 million), that extends over 10 years. One-half of the award vests in 2016 and the other in 2021, the newspaper said.Larry Ellison of Oracle Corp was second with $77.6 million, followed by J C Penney Co. (JCP)'s Ronald Johnson , at $53.3 million, the Times said. The median total compensation for US CEOs rose to $14.4 million, the newspaper said, citing the survey by executive compensation tracker Equilar.Viacom Inc's Philippe Dauman , who was No. 1 in the survey last year, was fourth this year with $43.1 million, followed by Honeywell International Inc's David Cote, who received $35.3 million, the Times said. Stephen Chazen of Occidental Petroleum Corp was paid $31.7 million and was sixth, the newspaper said.Seventh through 10th, respectively, were Robert Iger, Walt Disney Co, $31.4 million; Clarence Cazalot Jr, Marathon Oil Corp, $29.9 million; Alan Mulally, Ford Motor Co, $29.5 million; and Rupert Murdoch , News Corp, $29.4 million.Equilar's study for the newspaper covered the 100 most compensated executives at public companies with annual revenue of more than $5 billion and had filed proxy statements by March 30, the Times said.Equilar analyzed base salaries, cash bonuses, perks, stock awards and stock options for the newspaper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12589168", "title": "India gained control over Siachen in 1984", "text": "After independence who controlled Siachen - India or Pakistan?For a long time, nobody controlled Siachen and the glacier remained no man's land. Although it became the world's highest conflict zone in 1984, it can be safely said that the origin of the dispute lies in the ambiguity in agreements following major wars between the two nations. The 1949 Karachi Agreement, signed after the first Indo-Pak armed conflict, defined the ceasefire line. The truce subcommittee of the UN's commission for India and Pakistan, however, did not give a precise definition of the line to the north of a point known as NJ9842. India and Pakistan's international border with China fell in this undefined area. After the 1971 war, in the Simla Agreement, both countries agreed to respect the ceasefire line, now rechristened as the Line of Control.The vagueness about the border beyond NJ9842 persisted as both parties chose to ignore the region which so far had seen no combat and hence no deployment of forces. The agreement stated that the line extends from NJ9842 and then north to the glaciers. Both sides interpret this in different ways.What made India occupy Siachen?Although Pakistan never deployed troops in the region, since the 1970s they encouraged international mountaineering expeditions on the glacier. These expeditions were authorized by the Pakistani government and were generally seen as an attempt to reinforce Pakistan's claim on the region. It is reported that in 1977 an Indian colonel , Narinder (Bull) Kumar, read an article on a Siachen expedition in an international mountaineering magazine. This prompted him to lead an Indian team to the glacier. The Indians successfully reached the glacier, climbed several peaks and returned back. Later, the Pakistanis spotted the Indian trail when they found a crumpled packet of an Indian brand of cigarette. Alarmed by this, the Pakistani army decided to occupy the glacier. An international magazine (Time) has reported that there was a huge intelligence blunder as the Pakistanis ordered mountaineering gears from a London firm that happened to be a supplier for India. The information got leaked and in April 1984 India launched \"Operation Meghdoot\" to defend Siachen. Indian troops reached the glacier much before the Pakistanis and since then Siachen is under Indian control.What is Pakistan's claim?In a paper published in the Pakistan Journal of History &amp; Culture, the writer Dr Ishtiaq Ahmad, (associate professor at Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad) notes that it is disputed whether Siachen is even part of J&amp;K.; It falls under the Pakistani-administrated northern areas of the Baltistan region, the paper says. It further claims that the northern areas have no ethnic or cultural similarities with the Kashmiri people and hence their fate should not be linked with the resolution of the J&K; dispute. The writer mentions that Pakistan's claim on Siachen is internationally recognized as various international magazines have shown in their maps that the region belongs to Pakistan.What is the cost of this conflict?The ruthless terrain and lack of oxygen at heights of 20,000 feet have a psychological toll on the soldiers posted in Siachen, killing more soldiers than gunfire. The economic costs are also huge and in 2009 it was estimated to be between Rs 3 to Rs 3.5 crore a day. Whether these hardships are strategically worth it, remains a matter of debate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12589211", "title": "Saba, Zaheda request to teach jail inmates, turned down", "text": "INDORE: The Indore Jail authority has turned down the request of Zaheda Pervez and Saba Farooqui, both accused in the murder of RTI activist Shehla Masood, to teach the jail inmates.On Saturday, Saba Farooqui and Zaheda Pervez had requested the jail officials to permit them to teach the jail inmates. The jail authority denied them the permission, viewing their past record.Talking to ToI, Jail Superintendent Dinesh Nargawe said, \"The plea of the two accused in the case have been turned down as they were involved in controversies. The rules permit that convicts can be allowed to teach fellow prisoners depending on their conduct and record inside the prison\".It is learnt that the district jail staff do not want to get involved in any controversies by allowing the two accused to mingle out with other inmates.Earlier, the two had complained to the CBI court about the lack of facilities in the jail and later Saba was caught while trying smuggle in cell phones in the jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12589096", "title": "Nor'wester hits city again, more in store", "text": "KOLKATA: Severe lightning strikes with strong gusts of wind and light drizzles brought relief to the Kolkatans on an otherwise warm Sunday, when the temperature soared to 33.1 degree.Though a far milder one, the third nor'wester of the season lashed the city again. The previous two had hit the city in quick succession last week. The city was lashed by yet another nor'wester on Sunday evening. It was a far milder one, though, than the two which hit Kolkata in quick succession last week.It came as a relief at the end of a warm day, when the maximum temperature had soared to 33.1 degree.A strong gust of wind was followed by a light drizzle at around 6pm on Sunday. The Met office said it was the season's third nor'wester which it had predicted. \"Nor'westers are squalls generated from a north-westerly direction. The squall with a wind speed of at least 50km per hour is termed as a nor'wester, the squall should have a wind speed of at least 50km per hour. All the three storms that we had since last week satisfy these conditions. So, these can safely be termed nor'westers,\" said Devendra Pradhan, deputy director-general of metereology.For a nor'wester to develop, enough heat must be generated over the Chhotanagpur plateau region, explained Pradhan. \"Then, you should have winds carrying moisture from the Bay of Bengal to form a circulation that can hit Kolkata and its adjoining region. This is what has been happening since last week,\" added Pradhan.It was difficult to predict if the storms will continue, though. The conditions need to be favourable. \"Nor'westers start happening from late March and continue till about the third week of April. So, we still have time and more nor'westers are not ruled out,\" Pradhan said.Last week's squalls were caused by nor'westers, weathermen clarified. Friday's squall, for instance, was triggered by a cyclonic circulation that hit the city with gusty winds blowing at 72km per hour. The storm was accompanied by severe lightning strikes that scared people out of their wits. People ran to unplug electrical appliances. Some even rushed out of their homes in panic, not realizing that it was a serious risk. A lightning bolt smashed into a house in Thakurpukur, blowing a hole in a wall.A day earlier, a more severe nor'wester had hit Kolkata with a wind speed of 96km per hour. It left several roads water-logged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12588593", "title": "Hazy picture regarding CCTV operations in city: RTI reply", "text": "GURGAON: The city continues to lack a comprehensive street surveillance cover but the few CCTV cameras that are in place might also be of little use. It was revealed in an RTI reply recently that the city has no real policy governing the operation of CCTVs - which means no directions are in place as to how long a CCTV footage is to be retained on the official servers should the need arise to review past recordings.In separate responses filed by various branches of Haryana police and officials of the district court in Gurgaon, it was revealed that there are no prescribed norms, which is a clear security handicap considering that most private firms have a 6-month policy for retaining all recorded footage.\"CCTV footage is crucial for investigation but in the absence of any clear-cut policy on this, especially on the matter of storing the recordings, the whole enterprise becomes pointless,\" said Aseem Takyar, a Gurgaon based RTI activist who filed the application. When asked, the public information officer representing the Gurgaon police responded, \"Any policy/norms with relation to CCTV cameras are not available in the records of this department.\" Similar replies were sent in by the Haryana police's central offices in Rohtak and Narnaul.Gurgaon's district court premises, which already lack a sufficient number of CCTV cameras, also replied in the same vein to the RTI application, adding that the surveillance systems are managed by the Public Works Department of Gurgaon. \"The CCTV cameras, in the district court premises were installed by the PWD. No official here at the court is trained in operating/preparing the floppy/diskette of the recording of CCTV camera. Even, this office does not know as to whether facility of preparation of floppy/diskette is available,\" went the response.In the coming year, close to Rs 59 crore might be spent on an ambitious outdoor surveillance scheme of the Gurgaon police. That is if the plan goes through. The plan was first unveiled in May 2008, and not much has been done yet to implement it. A senior police official said that the whole scheme would be operational by June this year, but in the absence of official guidelines, it remains to be seen how effective the new surveillance plan turns out to be.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12594924", "title": "Talks with ULFA positive, says government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Talks between a faction of the outlawed United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA) and the central government on Monday were \"constructive\" and \"positive\", officials here said.A five-member delegation of the pro-talks faction of ULFA leaders led by its chairman Arabinda Rajkhowa met union Home Secretary RK Singh and other senior home ministry officials on Monday.\"The talks were constructive and positive,\" RK Singh told reporters here.Besides Rajkhowa, other members of the ULFA team were Raju Baruah, Chitraban Hazarika, Pranati Deka and Mithinga Daimary.The pro-talks faction of the outfit has been holding talks with the government of India since last year to bring lasting peace to Assam and has already submitted a 12-point charter of demands to the government.The last round of talks between ULFA and the central government was held on October 25 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590192", "title": "CB-CID all set to launch fresh probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: The change of guard in Uttar Pradesh may mean disaster for her political career graph, but personally it could mean a sweet revenge for UPCC chief Rita Bahuguna Joshi. Her three-year-old struggle for justice after hooligans torched her house on high security Sarojini Naidu Marg in July 2009 seems to be over. The CB-CID is all set to launch a fresh probe into the incident and record evidence in the case.On March 21, a division bench of Allahabad High Court had dismissed Joshi's petition for ordering a CBI inquiry. Since Mayawati (listed as respondent number 3 in the petition) is no more the chief minister of UP, the fear that CB-CID would not be able to carry out an independent investigation without extraneous interference or pressure is unfounded, the court ruled. Exuding confidence over laying her hands on the culprits, Joshi and her team of lawyers are readying themselves for the battle ahead.On July 15, soon after she was arrested in Moradabad for making alleged derogatory remarks against then chief minister Mayawati, her home was vandalised by an unidentified mob. Police had arrested five labourers who were proved innocent and later released. However in a curious twist to the drama, two named accused - Jitendra Singh Babloo, BSP MLA from Bikapur in Faizabad, and Intezar Abdi, a party supporter, were handsomely rewarded by the BSP supremo. While Babloo's brother was given a free hand in dubious property dealings, MLC Abdi was appointed chairperson of Ganna Kisan Sansthan merely after four days of the arson.Toeing the wishy-washy line of investigation, the government had handed over the matter to the CB-CID raising Congress's heckles. Joshi approached the high court in August seeking transfer of case to CBI as she had no faith in the state government agency. Later, on her plea, the high court stayed the investigation in the arson case and the matter was on hold ever since.Joshi's lawyer SC Maheshwari told TOI the court already directed the investigating officer to issue summons under section 160 CrPC to Rita Joshi, former UPCC chief spokesperson Subodh Shrivastava and other Congressmen who had witnessed the incident that night.The change in the duo's fortune would also make the probe easy, he feels. The lawyer recalled how Mayawati's most trusted cabinet ministers Naseemuddin Siddiqui and Babu Singh Kushwaha had visited the district jail the night Babloo and Abdi were arrested on March 5, 2011. Obviously fearing that the duo could turn approvers, they even got statements of the two recorded under section 164b, the lawyer said.\"However, expelled from BSP and now in Peace Party - Babloo, and totally disowned by his political patrons - Abdi, both are a much-hounded pair now. In fact, Babloo's wife had petitioned the governor that she feared for her husband's life,\" UPCC spokesperson Dwijendra Tripathi told TOI. \"They are only co-conspirators. What we would like to prove is a direct link between the incident and the Mayawati's role,\" said Maheshwari, hinting that the fire could actually singe the BSP supremo in times to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595353", "title": "Vicky Donor", "text": "CreditsDirector: Shoojit SircarCast: Ayushman Khurana, Yami Gautam, Annu KapoorProducer: John AbrahamRelease Date: April 20, 2012SynopsisIn an environment where the job pressures are high and couples lead an erratic and unhealthy life style, Dr BALDEV CHADDHA ( Annu Kapoor), a well qualified fertility expert, runs a fertility clinic and a SPERM BANK in Dariyaganj, New Delhi, that guarantees a high quality and specialized sperm for the purpose. Unfortunately he has more failed cases to his credit than successes. A healthy, high performing donor is the need of the hour.VICKY ARORA (Ayushman Khurana), a young, good-looking, PUNJABI guy from Lajpat Nagar, is the only son and of no financial support to DOLLY, a widow, who runs a small beauty parlor from home.As luck would have it, a small brawl in the colony brings DR CHADDHA and VICKY, face to face, where CHADDHA, concludes that Vicky could be THAT donor he has been looking for. From here on, CHADDHA'S days and nights are spent in convincing Vicky to become a donor till he finally gives in. Vicky finds his love interest in ASHIMA ROY (Yami Gautam), a pretty BENGALI girl, who works in a Bank. But soon there hunky dory world comes crashing down because of Vicky's past as a donor.With a brief emotional roller coaster ride, VICKY DONOR is a light-hearted take on the subject of sperm donation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12589649", "title": "Vaccine that can fight 90% of cancers developed", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have developed a \"universal\" cancer vaccine that can train patients' own bodies to seek out and destroy tumour cells.A team from Tel Aviv University and drug company Vaxil Biotheraputics say the therapy targets a molecule found in 90% of all cancers, and could soon pave the way for a universal injection that allows patients' immune systems to fight off common cancers including breast and prostate cancer.Preliminary results from early clinical trials have shown that the vaccine can trigger an immune response in patients and reduce levels of disease, The Sunday Telegraph reported.Now, the scientists hope to conduct larger trials in patients to prove it can be effective against different cancers.In fact, they believe it could be used to combat small tumours if they are detected early enough or to prevent the return of the disease in patients who have undergone other forms of treatment such as surgery.Cancer cells usually evade patient's immune systems because they are not recognized as being a threat. While the immune system usually attacks foreign cells such as bacteria, tumours are formed of patient's own cells that malfunctioned.The scientists have, however, found that a molecule called MUC1, found in high amounts on the surface of cancer cells, can be used to help immune system detect tumours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12590478", "title": "Army pushes hard for fast-track purchases to regain combat edge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Having jolted the government over the critical operational gaps in its military capabilities, the Army is now pushing hard for fast-track policies and acquisitions to \"enhance its combat ratio versus China\" as well as \"upgrade its combat edge\" against Pakistan.The defence ministry, too, is responding with alacrity for a change. Defence minister AK Antony has called another review meeting with Army chief General VK Singh and his top brass later this month, after holding two such meetings on February 28 and April 2.It was between the earlier two meetings that the Army chief's confidential letter to the PM, about the \"hollowness'' in military preparedness, found its way into the public domain much to the government's consternation.For starters, the cases for one more regiment of the 300-km range BrahMos supersonic cruise missiles, two \"troops'' of Israeli medium-altitude, long endurance Heron UAVs (unmanned aerial vehicles), and several types of ammunition ranging from Konkurs anti-tank guided missiles to Invar missiles for T-90S main-battle tanks, will be finalized in this fiscal's first quarter, top sources said.Interestingly, the new BrahMos regiment will have the missile's Block-III version, which has \"steep dive capability'' to take out targets hidden behind a mountain range. After the western front, the government has approved deployment of these missile systems in Arunachal Pradesh to counter China's huge buildup of military infrastructure all along the 4,057-km Line of Actual Control.Other projects in the pipeline for Army, which has over 100 of them at different stages, include advanced assault rifles, close-quarter battle carbines, bullet-proof jackets, ballistic helmets and light vehicles for the infantry's 359 battalions.The mechanized forces' list stretches from TIFCS night-vision devices for T-72 tanks, upgrade of BMP-2 infantry combat vehicles and AFV (armoured fighting vehicle) protection to missiles and ammunition for all of them.Air defence regiments, in turn, want procurement of three surface-to-air missile (SAM) systems - quick-reaction, medium range and man-portable short-range - to replace obsolete Russian-origin Kvadrat, Strela and other systems. Self-propelled air defence gun and missile systems as well as an upgrade of L-70 guns is also on the cards, in addition to the two indigenous Akash SAM regiments already ordered for Rs 14,180 crore.The over Rs 20,000 crore 155mm artillery programme will get underway with induction of 145 ultra-light howitzers, to be followed by 1,580 towed, 180 self-propelled wheeled and 100 self-propelled tracked guns, as also more Russian Smerch multi-launch rocket systems.In terms of infrastructure, apart from a new mountain strike corps, the Army wants completion of the earmarked development in the eastern theatre at a cost of Rs 9,243 crore by 2016-2017 as well as the Rs 26,155 crore \"capability development in the northern borders'' by 2020-2021.The force is also pushing for development of 14 strategic railway lines for \"troop mobilization and logistics sustenance''. They include Murkongseld-Pasighat-Rupai, Misamari-Tawang and North Lakimpur-Along-Silapathar lines in the eastern sector.The central sector lines are Rishikesh-Karanprayag-Chamoli, Dehradun-Uttarkashi, Tanakpur-Jauljibi and Tanakpur-Bageshwar, while the northern one includes Jammu-Akhnoor-Poonch, Pathankot-Leh and Srinagar-Kargil-Leh ones.Then, the Army wants faster construction of the 73 all-weather roads (totaling 3,808 km) identified for construction along the three sectors of LAC -- western (Ladakh), middle (Uttarakhand, Himachal) and eastern (Sikkim, Arunachal) - since only 15 of them have been completed till now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12589724", "title": "Thief held while selling cellphone", "text": "MYSORE: Acting on a tip-off, Saraswathipuram police arrested a thief while he tried to sell a stolen cellphone near Saraswathi theatre here on Saturday.According to the police, Prashanth, 20, a native of Shanivarsanthe of Kodagu, was spotted suspiciously moving around in an attempt to sell a cellphone. When the police accosted him, he tried to flee. However, police caught him after a brief chase near the theatre.During interrogation, Prashanth confessed to stealing cellphones, mopeds and laptops in different parts of the city. Twenty-six cellphones, one laptop and two mopeds worth Rs 1.3 lakhs have been recovered from him. A case has been registered at Saraswathipuram police station. The accused has been sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590914", "title": "Delhi University prepares for finals", "text": "Delhi University colleges are set to have the final exams for this academic session, beginning May 7. While teachers in many colleges are still struggling to complete the syllabus, for students it is time for revision. According to faculty members, the preparation time for students in the semester mode is less as the syllabus is extensive and classes will go on till end-April. Also, they believe that students under the semester system do not get enough time for self-study, as the number of classes held is more.Nandita Narain, department of mathematics, St Stephen's College, says for first-year students, it is a difficult time. The syllabus is enormous and they don't get any time to do indepth study as they are in a rush to complete the course.\"I am taking extra classes everyday, which go on till late afternoon to complete the syllabus. I will advise students to simply focus on the basics to help cope. Also, the date-sheet set by the university this time does not allow students enough time for revision with only oneday gap for even difficult papers like analysis,\" she adds.Teachers across colleges say that students in the first-year under the semesters have not joined any societies for extra-curricular activity. This was not the case when they used to follow the annual mode. Ujjaini Ray, department of history, Lady Shri Ram (LSR) College, feels that students do not have a choice. \"I have been telling my students to be regular with the work so that they do not miss out on anything at the last moment.\"The biggest challenge for students is to balance the syllabus, which was long in the first semester, whereas more manageable in the second semester. Besides, she adds, attendance is another issue. Students who have joined societies are not able to make up for all the classes. In such cases, even if they manage to get the minimum 66.6 % attendance, they lose out on the five marks allotted to attendance under the internal assessment scheme.\"Though we have completed our syllabus, I am taking all the classes again to help students with revision,\" adds Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12590253", "title": "CBI not seeking Rathore's remand surprises many", "text": "JAIPUR: The issue of Former Rajasthan minister and BJP leader Rajendra Singh Rathore's arrest is likely to be racked up in the state assembly on Monday. The BJP legislators are planning to corner the government over the issue.The BJP has been staging demonstrations across the state for the past two days accusing the chief minister Ashok Gehlot of using the CBI in falsely implicating Rathore in the case.Rathore will also be produced in the special CBI court amid heavy security on Monday. After Rathore complained of lack of facilities in the Jaipur Central Jail, he was shifted to another barrack on Sunday, sources said.Sources said the CBI will not seek Rathore's police remand, a move which has left many surprised as the agency had sought the remand of almost all the accused arrested earlier in the case including that of suspended addl director general of police (ADGP) A K Jain and suspended inspector general (IG) A Ponnuchami.The CBI is not seeking the remand despite the fact that the agency has nothing new to say in the supplementary chargesheet filed against Rathore in the court on Thursday. The agency had repeated almost all the evidence against the politician in its chargesheet. It also raised a question as to why CBI took almost 10 months in arresting Rathore when the first chargesheet against other accused had been submitted in June last year. In the first chargesheet, investigation had been kept pending against Rathore. The CBI had sought 14-day police remand of A K Jain and other accused.The Rajasthan High Court's strict remarks over functioning of the CBI on Friday were largely based on the fact that CBI had sought police remand for other accused while it has no intension to interrogate Rathore. The court said it appeared that accused in same case are being given differential treatment by CBI. \"You people salute an accused, offer him tea and coffee and land him behind bars facilitating his judicial custody, whereas the same CBI gets police custody of other accused for the maximum time period in the same case,\" the court had said.However, CBI sources claimed that the agency has clinching evidence against Rathore. \"There are about 40 new witnesses and other documents proving his role in the encounter. Besides, call details are also a very strong evidence as many movements of the accused police officer indicate that they were taken after telephonic conversation between Rathore and A K Jain,\" a CBI officer said.On the other hand, the CBI has still not lost hope that some of the accused policemen will turn approver in the case. Sources said the agency is trying hard to make some of them government witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12589401", "title": "Russell Market traders want no-objection certificate", "text": "The traders invested money to rebuild the Russell Market, a major part of which was gutted on February 25. But the market is yet to be thrown open to the public officially as BBMP has refused to issue a no-objection certificate (NOC) citing the dilapidated condition of the market. It had issued a public notice to the traders in this regard and had asked them not to operate from the market.The Russell Market Traders' Association is unhappy with the turn of events. \"We have spent more than Rs 1 crore on the renovation. We could not inaugurate the shops in the last week of March as BBMP sent notices to us. Engineers certified by BBMP have worked on the renovation. The market is in good condition now. We need the NOC to get electricity connection,\" said Mohammed Idrees Choudhury, general secretary of the association. The market is being operated through emergency lights.The traders met their corporator, MLA and BBMP officials to get the NOC, but it has not been of much help. \"We do not want BBMP to raze down our structures one day, saying it is illegal occupancy. We are trying to get electricity connection without NOC, which apparently is allowed,\" said a trader, on condition of anonymity. Totally 126 traders had lost their livelihood due to the fire accident.A senior Bescom official said the portion of Russell Market that was damaged and now renovated has been inspected. \"All the electricity connections in the market are in the names of individual customers and not BBMP. There is provision to give electricity supply taking an affidavit from the traders. The market is fully renovated and new wiring, panel, board, earthings have been done. Inspection by the Department of Electoral Inspectorate is due. Electricity connections will be given only after the inspectorate certifies it,'' said a senior Bescom officer who inspected the market recently.According to BBMP engineer-in-chief BT Ramesh, a third party inspection by CivilAid is yet to be done to certify the market's condition. \"The market was not fit for occupation and trading purpose. We had given a notice to the traders saying that the BBMP will not be responsible for any further mishap. It is in a dilapidated state, still the traders have done the renovation. We have asked the technical consultants of CivilAid to inspect the building and give a report. Issuance of NOC depends on that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12594163", "title": "A day after clashes, situation peaceful in Hyderabad's old city neighbourhood", "text": "HYDERABAD: The situation in trouble-hit parts of the old city here, remained peaceful on Monday even as indefinite curfew continued for the second day in the communally sensitive Madannapet and Saidabad areas.\"The situation is totally peaceful and there have been no reports of any untoward incident from any part of the communally sensitive old city during night,\" Deputy Comissioner of Police (South Zone) Manish Kumar Sinha told PTI.A decision on relaxation or lifting of curfew would be taken later in the day after a review of the situation, he said.Cases against 15 persons were registered in connection with the communal disturbance, he said.Meanwhile, police has picked up 50-60 persons for questioning since yesterday from different localities after communal violence in the old city, police sources said.Police continued to keep a strict vigil in the communally sensitive areas and patrolling has been intensified and security has been stepped up around places of worships.The trouble began yesterday when two groups belonging to different communities clashed at Kurmaguda, after some \"meat pieces\" were found near a place of worship in Madannapet resulting in heavy stone-pelting and brick batting.With violence spreading to other areas and the situation slipping out of control, the police had clamped curfew under the limits of Madannapet and Saidabad police station.However, students attending Class X and other examinations have been exempted from the curfew. The police announced that the hall tickets of the students would be treated as curfew passes and each student would be allowed to be escorted by one elder.All exam centres in the curfew-bound areas are functioning amid tight security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12590363", "title": "Five-day-old boy stranded as mother dies, father goes missing", "text": "JAIPUR: A 5-day-old boy has been left stranded in a private hospital in Bundi as his mother died soon after giving birth to him and his father who had gone to consign his wife's remains to Ganga disappeared from the Mathura railway station in UP. Due to lack of motherly attention, the boy is struggling to survive and is on a ventilator in the hospital's ICU. He is being attended by a few relatives.According to police, one Foribai Meena (26) died two hours after giving birth to the boy at a community health centre in Nainwa town in Bundi district.\"The family members say her husband, Lokesh Meena, was on his way to Hardwar to consign the remains to Ganga after the funeral. He was accompanied by his brother-in-law Sundar Lal Meena,\" said Kailash Chand Sharma, in-charge of Nainwa police station.Lokesh and Sundar Lal were on a train. \"Sundar Lal had gone to toilet at Mathura police station and when he returned, he found Lokesh missing. He frantically searched for him in the train and on the platforms outside, but Lokesh was nowhere to be found,\" the officer said.Lokesh then lodged a missing complaint with the Mathura police and informed other family members. They also rushed to Mathura, but could not find Lokesh. Finally, they came back and lodged another missing complaint with Nainwa police station.The boy who was being kept at the community health centre fell sick. There were not much medical facilities at the health centre following which he was rushed to a private hospital in Bundi.Doctors said the boy's condition deteriorated due to lack of motherly attention.Police said teams have been rushed to various places in the search of the boy's father. \"How and why he disappeared is still a mystery as there is no apparent motive behind Lokesh going somewhere without telling the family members,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12590123", "title": "Mathematics tricks students at IIT-JEE", "text": "BANGALORE: There were no surprises in store for students appearing for the IIT-Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) 2012 on Sunday. All three sections of the exam were said to be moderately difficult, as most found certain sections simple but others lengthy and tricky. \"It was a mixed bag\" , was the near-unanimous opinion.\"The first paper was quite easy compared to previous year. The Mathematics section of the second paper was a bit lengthy and tricky although we could arrive at the right answer at the end. All questions in Physics in the second paper rigorously tested our concepts,\" Lakshminarayan Seshadri, a student of CMR National Public School, said.As many as 5.06 lakh students appeared for the exam at 1,067 centres across the country for close to 9,590 seats in 15 IITs of the country.\"The first paper was easy and simple. The second one was also not much difficult either, but the Mathematics section was a bit lengthy,\" said Kushal MB, Vijaya Composite PU College.Experts, who evaluated the paper, seconded students ' opinion. \"Physics section was easier than Mathematics. Some of the questions were interlinked and numericals were lengthy. There was no change in the pattern and the paper was easier than last year's ,\" said Chidanand MN, physics professor.As per the rulebookThis year, the IITs have mandated that general category students get a minimum aggregate score of 35% and at least 10% in each of the individual sections for making it to the rank list. Similarly , OBC students must get at least 9% in individual sections and 31.5% in the overall score; for SC/STs, the minimum to be bagged in each section is 5% and 17.5% must be the minimum aggregate to be on the rank-list .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12588979", "title": "A toast to Bengal through its art", "text": "Ashish Anand was then in his twenties. His mother Rama Anand, who had founded the Delhi Art Gallery, introduced him to me and said, \"He wants to do a lot of things in art - please guide him.\" Among the first things the handsome youth wanted to do was visit Calcutta and Santiniketan. I introduced him to Jogen Chowdhury, Suhas Roy, Lalu Prasad , Sanat Kar, Shyamal Dutta Ray, Ganesh Haloi, Isa Mohammed, Rabin Mondal, Wasim Kapoor, Dipali Bhattacharya, and a host of other names who make Kolkata proud. We missed out on three big names, Somnath Hore, Bikash Bhattacharya and Ganesh Pyne, as two were severely ill, and the third unwilling to compromise his privacy.On one of these visits Ashish chanced upon a sketch book of drawings and sketches by Ram Kinkar Baiz. Forthwith Ashish booked it. On another visit he collected canvases that were heading for decay for want of care. In one artist's home he decided to buy up the entire body of work lying in his studio. \"Aren't you worried you might find no buyer for some of these?\" I asked. \"We'll worry about it later, first let's salvage whatever we can,\" he responded. I put it down to his youthful lack of experience but Ashish clearly knew which way he was headed. His mother had, after all, held the first exhibition of Nandalal's postcards in the one room gallery that is now the hub called DAG!\"I was educated so to speak on Indian modern art when I first travelled to what is now Kolkata, and to places around it, where the culture of art was still alive and strong, and where it was easy to see works by the masters, even though large swathes of it was lying in a state of neglect,\" Ashish now writes in initial pages of The Art of Bengal, the fantastic volume documenting between its covers no less than 401 art work by 104 artists. The book, edited by Kishore Singh with a scholarly texts by Paula Sengupta, Sanjay Mallik and Ina Puri, was launched at the Harrington St Art Centre with an exhibition that would be the envy of any museum in this city.Ashish was lucky that artists and their families let him see and acquire the treasures he has so lovingly restored, displayed, documented. It could well be the largest collection of the art of Bengal, and it certainly showcases the splendid contribution Bengal has made to the word of Indian art. \"Many of the works on display are the best examples of early Bengal art,\" gushed connoisseur Victor Banerji. \"Many of these have been our 'text books',\" said critic Manasij Majumdar. \"Many of these had been crying for attention in a local gallery,\" Jogen Chowdhury shared. Appraising the exhibits and evaluating the sheer mass of information in the book, one realises how this art had influenced the thinking all over India - even that of the Bombay Progressive Group who made their presence felt by rejecting this art!Today India no longer thinks what Bengal thought yesterday. That only adds to the significance of the effort that shows the cultural climate and artistic imagination that shaped modernism in Indian art. A region that gave Indian art its mythological and popular iconography through Kalighat pat, the earliest printing technology through Chitpur and Battala prints, which gave western academic training, oil portraiture, which ushered landscape painting, revived the spirit of miniatures, excelled in western-style rendition of light and perspective, cradled nationalism, adapted realism, redefined expressionism, championed the proletariat and gave us the signatures of Tagore and Ray - that region surely calls for a tribute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12589755", "title": "Only 4.5% clear exams to become lecturers", "text": "MYSORE: In a shocking low, just 4.49% of the candidates who appeared for the Karnataka State Eligibility Test (K-SET) have cleared the examination held in October 2011. The K-SET is the gateway to becoming a lecturer or an assistant professor in Karnataka's first-grade colleges and select universities.With the single-digit pass percentage, it's quite likely that Karnataka could face a severe shortage of quality lecturers.More alarmingly, not a single student in mathematical science stream has cleared the examination, whose results were declared on Sunday. And only a handful of students have cracked physical science, computer science and library and information science subjects.The University Grants Commission (UGC) had tasked the University of Mysore with conducing the K-SET for which 53,181 had applied and 40,903 appeared. Some 1,838 cleared the examination, which translates to 4.49%. The exam was conducted in 26 subjects on October 23 at 11 centres across Karnataka. Six years ago, the UGC had picked Kuvempu University as the nodal agency to conduct K-SET.The 4.49 % students cracked the test largely in disciplines like Kannada, education and political science streams. Of the 1,038 candidates who came out with flying colours, boys made up 64.96% and girls 35.04%.University of Mysore vice-chancellor V G Talawar compared the K-SET results with that of the National Eligibility Test (NET) to say they weren't bad. \"The UGC was happy with the results,\" he added. On the valuation delay, Talawar said papers I and II had been evaluated on schedule, but paper III got delayed owing to descriptive-type exam. Also, there was a shortage of subject-specific valuators and those who could evaluate answer scripts in Kannada.The next K-SET will be held in June and all three papers will be of the objective type.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593431", "title": "Murugadoss' brother debuts as an actor", "text": "A.R. Murugadoss's brother is all set to make his acting debut with an action thriller in Kollywood. The unititled film will be produced by Murugadoss and Fox Studios.It will be directed by one of Murugadoss' assistants, Kinslin. Actress Anjali will be paired opposite him. Apart from that, actors like Sampath, Jagan and Vatsan Chakravarthy are also part of this film.M Ghibran will compose for this film. The film is underproduction right now and expected to release by this year end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12592492", "title": "Eadweard J Muybridge celebrated in Google doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wondering what those galloping horses are doing above Google search box today? The horses in Google doodle -- that come to life the moment one clicks on the play button -- celebrate the 182nd birth anniversary of legendary photographer Eadweard James Muybridge.Born in England, Muybridge, who was of Dutch ancestry, spent a large part of his life in the United States . He is revered for his pioneering work in animal locomotion which used multiple cameras to capture motion. He is also remembered for his Zoopraxiscope, a device for projecting motion pictures that pre-dated the flexible perforated film strip.The galloping horse shown in today's doodle was part of an experiment called 'Sallie Gardner at a Gallop'. The purpose of the photograph was to put to rest the debate over whether a horse's all four hooves get off the ground at the same time while it trots. Muybridge proved this through his series of 24 photographs shown on his Zoopraxiscope.Known by several names, Muybridge was born as \"Edward James Muggerid\". He changed his name several times, before finally settling for \"Eadweard J Muybridge\".In 1874, he killed his wife's lover. He was put on trial for the murder, however, was later acquitted as jury ruled his behaviour as \"Justifiable Homicide.\" The Opera 'The Photographer' is believed to be based on his murder trial and was made by Philip Glass in 1982.Google doodles are the decorative changes that are made to the Google logo to celebrate holidays, anniversaries, and the lives of famous artists and scientists. The first doodle was created by Larry Page and Sergy Brin in the year 1998 to mark the celebrations of the Burning Man Festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595226", "title": "SRK to shoot 'Beautiful Bengal' campaign", "text": "To inject fresh blood into the battered \"Brand Bengal\" image, superstar Shah Rukh Khan will feature in advertisements to lure tourists and industrialists to the state and ace film director Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury will start shooting a few of them this month.A source close to the project told PTI that the actor will shoot at select places in the state later in the month to showcase the natural beauty of Bengal along with its rich cultural heritage.\"SRK will be there as the face of Bengal. The 30-second short promotional films will try to sum up the rich flora and fauna of the state about which not many people are aware of,\" sources said.The 'Beautiful Bengal' advertisements promoting tourism will be followed by a full-fledged campaign to create a positive and vibrant image of \"Brand Bengal\" and drive in industrialisation.A decision on this was taken in the recent meeting between the 'Don' star and Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee last week.\"But the exact shooting schedule is being worked out now. Our team will soon finalise the locations,\" said filmmaker Chowdhury, who had started his career by making ad films for multinational companies.Having won the National Award for best film for 'Antaheen' (2009), Chowdhury has taken a month-long break from his busy schedule to work with 'King' Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587252", "title": "Missing girl's body found in well", "text": "PATNA: The body of a class-IX student, Anshu Kumari (15), was recovered from a well at Chhakkanbigha village under Naubatpur police station in Patna district on Saturday.Naubatpur SHO S K Shashi said the girl, who was a student of a local private school, went missing on April 4. He said when her family failed to locate her, they lodged a complaint with the police station concerned on April 5.The SHO said the family members, later, accused their two neighbours of being involved in her disappearance. He said some of the villagers saw the girl's body floating in the well on Saturday morning and informed the police about it.He said the body was taken out of the well and sent to hospital for autopsy. He said there was no external injury mark on it.Two persons, Ramji Singh and Mantoo Singh, were arrested in this connection, the SHO said and added that exact reason behind the killing was not ascertained yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596056", "title": "'Super' declared as the Best Kannada Film", "text": "Kannada film Super was declared as the 'Best Film' and Puneeth Rajkumar as the 'Best Actor' at The Karnataka State Film Awards, 2010-2011.Super won the gold medal with a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh. Bhagavati Kaadu and Shabdamani won the second and third best film awards with a cash prize of Rs 75000 and Rs 50000 respectively. Both these films were given the silver medals.Kalyani won the 'Best Actress' award for the film Suicide while Puneeth Rajkumar won the 'Best Actor' award for Prithvi. Further Ambarish was bestowed with the 'Vishnuvardhan' award while S. Shivaram was given 'Dr. Rajkumar' award for their immense contribution in the Kannada film industry.Senior actress Bharathi Vishnuvardhan was the head of jury for the awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595898", "title": "'Bhooter Bhobisyot' will be released in US: Anik", "text": "Apart from the US, the film will also release in Mumbai and Delhi Anik DuttaThe overwhelming success of \"Bhooter Bhobisyot\" has prompted the makers to think of a bigger release for the movie. While plans were already on to release the movie in the US, the newer addition is to have a launch in other Indian metros too. Says Anik Dutta, \"We always had a plan to release the movie in the US. Subtitling of the film is over too.The release should happen any time next week. We are finalizing the cities for the US release. But what comes as a welcome surprise is that we are also thinking of releasing the movie in Mumbai. \" Thanks to the word-of-mouth publicity, the news of the overwhelming success of the film in Bengal has spread to Mumbai and Delhi as well. \"That's why we are thinking of a Mumbai release. Thereafter, we want to release it in Delhi too. If all goes well, we might even want to release the film in Bangalore,\" Anik signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12590256", "title": "Movement needs to be intensified: Prashant Bhushan", "text": "PUNE: Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan said on Saturday that the fight for a strong Lokpal bill will continue in the future and the movement will also take up issues like electoral and administrative reforms and people's participation in government.Bhushan said that the anti-corruption movement has witnessed overwhelming support from common people. He expressed confidence that people will continue to support the movement, which completed one year since Anna Hazare's fast in Delhi last April.Bhushan was speaking to mediapersons after attending a function in the city.He said, \"Results cannot come instantly in such movements. The movement needs to be intensified in future. At present it is in the consolidation phase. People will again take to streets for a strong Lokpal. Whether the Lokpal bill is passed now depends on how much pressure is mounted on parliament.\"\"We have seen the government's approach towards passing a strong bill. Now the people are not on streets and so political parties feel that the movement is over. The bill is pending and parties are inclined to leave it as it is. They won't be able to do this for too long. If they feel they can do so, they are living in a fool's paradise,\" said Bhushan.He added that Team Anna will hold talks with political parties only if the parties invite them.\"We have already had talks with political parties. Now, we will go to them only if they invite us,\" he said.Bhushan said that the anti-corruption movement had an impact on the recent assembly elections. He said that people voted out corrupt parties and politicians in the Uttar Pradesh election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12589262", "title": "Kochi celebrates Easter", "text": "KOCHI: Christians in the city marked the end of lent - 40 days of fasting and penitence - and celebrated the triumph of life over death with the resurrection of Jesus Christ on Sunday. Braving the pre-monsoon heat, believers assembled for the late midnight mass and also the morning prayers in churches across the city.\"At 11.30pm cardinal Mar George Alencherry, head of the Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, addressed the gathering. We held a candle walk as a mark of the new beginning,\" said Fr Jackson Kizhavana, assistant vicar, St Mary's Basilica.Fr Francis Nelson Libera at the St. Francis Cathedral Church believes that the number of devotees seem to be increasing with each Easter . More than thousand people came in for the morning prayers at 7am. For many it was about spending time with their family. \"Easter was a holiday for us, and it was then that we realized how consumed we were in our own busy schedules. The people we love and care about most should not be relegated to the sidelines in a tangle of too-much-to-do,\" said Amy Thomas, a media consultant in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "that sujoy ghosh is smitten by kolkata and its actors is evident by now. and on saturday afternoon, when the director landed on the sets of rajib's \"bikram singha", "code": "12592634", "title": "Sujoy plans to cast Vidya, Prosenjit for next film", "text": "That Sujoy Ghosh is smitten by Kolkata and its actors is evident by now. And on Saturday afternoon, when the director landed on the sets of Rajib's \"Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back\" to meet the film's lead, Prosenjit Chatterjee, he sent ripples across T-town.Putting speculations to rest, the actor confirmed that the two are indeed discussing a project, where he'll be pairing up with the girl-equivalentto-Khan - Vidya Balan.On being prodded on the director's presence on the sets, Prosenjit broke into a grin before telling us, \"I know Sujoy for a long time now. But I haven't been able to meet him for ages as I have been living out of a suitcase over the past few months for \"Bikram Singha: The Lion is Back\". The best way to catch up was to meet on the sets, where I was shooting from early morning for the song-and-dance sequences for Rajib's film. It was plain adda.\"Just adda and nothing else? Prosenjit clarified, \"Well, Sujoy wants to work with me. So do I. And needless to say, he is a brilliant director. Yes , we are planning a project together. Sujoy is still searching for a subject where he can cast Vidya Balan and me in the lead. The subject has to be important where the casting could be justified.\"Waxing eloquent about the director's latest outing, the actor added, \"I am glad that Sujoy, through his film, has managed to put our homegrown talents on the national map. Kudos to him!\"So, will the project be in Hindi or Bengali? Prosenjit explained, \"I don't know. It can be in Hindi or in Bengali. Let him finalize the subject first. As I said, with Vidya and me in the lead, the subject of the film has to be really strong.\"Another kahaani in the making?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12589711", "title": "'Laws should be used with common sense'", "text": "MYSORE: Offenses are on the rise due to mental weakness suffered by many. This is leading to a rise in the number of cases in courts, said Karnataka HC Justice A S Pacchapure on Sunday.He was speaking after inaugurating a five-day personality development programme organized by JSS Mahavidyapeetha for the employees of JSS education institutions. \"Laws should be used with common sense,\" he opined.Shivarathri Deshikendra Swami of the Suttur Mutt said that apart from working honestly in their respective professions, leading life by cultivating good habits and thoughts is a kind of contribution to the society.Irrigation department principal secretary P N Srinivasachari said there will be no difference between humans and animals if the former is not aware of social issues. \"Personality development programmes reduce the stress level of individuals,\" he felt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595145", "title": "IPL will not affect my movies' BO fate: Paoli", "text": "Despite a Hindi and a Bengali film releasing during the IPL season, Paoli Dam is optimistic about their box office collections.There are few actors in India who would have two releases in India in two different languages during the IPL season.Paoli Dam is among them and going by the words of the actor, she believes that her films have enough steam in them to be affected by the IPL hype. Says Paoli, \"Two of my movies - Vivek Agnihotri's \"Hate Story\" and Bappaditya Bandopadhyay's \"Elar Char Adhyay\" - are releasing during the IPL season. Cricket is no threat to film viewership and I am not tense because of the release timing of my movies.Cricket happens round the year and if people want to watch these movies, they will go to the theatres irrespective of whether there is a match or not.\" Meanwhile, Bappaditya says, \"Usually the big banners avoid releasing their films during the IPL and that can sometimes be an opportunity for others to get a good release for their movies. Prime shows at multiplexes and prime theatres are available even for small and content-driven movies during the IPL season. Other than this time of the year, cinema has to compete with one event or the other.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12587418", "title": "Long wait for NMC job ends for kin of deceased staffers", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 140 relatives of deceased staffers of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) have been waiting for jobs since long, many for over seven years. Now, they have come a little closer to getting that dream, as the state government has lifted a ban on compassionate recruitment in all government offices and government aided institutions.NMC has received a circular from the finance department of government of Maharashtra in this regard. Giving details of the circular dated March 22, an official from general administration department of NMC said the kin of deceased staffers are given jobs subject to various norms.\"Government had placed a ban on compassionate recruitment since August 22, 2005. An option was given to permit 5% of total recruitment for compassionate recruitment. There is a waiting list of 140 beneficiaries since then. With the latest circular, the ban has been vacated,\" he said.The kin of deceased staffers are eligible for jobs subject to the financial condition of the family as ascertained by the selection committee. Some of the families of deceased staffers, especially of class IV rank, are in dire straits. Their wives are not in a position to lead the family due to various problems, mainly lack of education.A job to one of the dependents gives a ray of hope for such families. But the ban had forced many families to wait for a long time and suffer in the meanwhile. The government had instituted the ban in view of the high administrative cost due to high number of staffers.As per the latest circular, eligible kin may be recruited in class-III and class-IV posts. With this, all those on the waiting list, some 140 eligible kin, can hope to get a job in NMC soon. The delighted beneficiaries have already started to visit the NMC head office to find out the status of their recruitment. A delegation of some beneficiaries also met mayor Anil Sole and officials concerned a couple of days back.\"Decision to start recruitment of eligible kin is yet to be taken since NMC is engaged in recruitment process to clear the backlog seats. If started, the recruitment will be done as per the family's place on the waiting list,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587787", "title": "Rabri nominated for council polls", "text": "PATNA: The parliamentary board of the RJD on Sunday endorsed the proposal of party's legislatures to nominate former CM Rabri Devi as the party candidate for the biennial election to the Bihar Legislative Council. Rabri, according to party sources, would file her nomination on April 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12589845", "title": "Big slump in number of IIT aspirants", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nearly 20,000 students appeared in the joint entrance examination (JEE) in the city on Sunday. However, the number of IIT aspirants in the state saw a decline from the previous years, official sources said. About 30,000 aspirants appeared from the state last year, he said.The Registrar of IIT-Bhubaneswar, Bata Kishore Ray, said, \"The number of aspirants from Orissa has reduced this year, however, the number of girls appearing in the exam has increased.\" The entrance test was held at 23 centers in six cities across the state including Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Berhampur, Sambalpur, Rourkela and Balalsore. In the capital city, over 5,000 students took the test at 13 centres.In a bid to bring transparency in the examination, students are now allowed to take a copy of their answer sheets with them. Besides, the cut off mark has already been announced this year. It is 10 per cent per subject and 35 per cent over all, Ray said.Students coming out of the examination halls with smiles on their faces indicated that paper was good. \"I was a bit nervous in the morning. But the paper was not so bad,\" said Supriti Mahalik, an aspirant.\"In the first session, I found the Mathematics paper was easier than Physics and Chemistry. Chemistry was ok but physics paper was a bit conceptual and theoretical. I hope I would get through,\" said Suhranshu Sahu, another aspirant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12588245", "title": "Another dead whale, now at Raigad", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A whale was washed ashore at the Diveagar coast in Raigad district, the third to be found within a week near the Mumbai coastline. Recently, two dead humpback whales were washed ashore, one on the Uran coast and another at the shoreline near Priyadarshini Park, Mumbai.The whale at Diveagar coast, around 120 km from Alibaug in Raigad district, was spotted by locals on Wednesday. The sarpanch of Diveagar, Uday Bapat, told TOI: \"A very big sea creature, which looked similar to the whales found at Uran and Mumbai, was washed ashore on our beach. We buried the carcass near the beach itself.'' Bapat added that along with the whale, 11 dead turtles were also found on Diveagar beach in the last five to six days.Marine biologists expressed concern over the number of dead whales surfacing in and around Mumbai last week. D Stalin, an environmentalist from the NGO Vanashakti, said, \"It is highly unusual to find three dead whales of the same sub-species in and around the Mumbai coast. The fisheries and state forest departments must find out the cause behind these humpback whale deaths.''While Stalin expressed concern that the whales were perhaps injured by propellers of big barges, or fell victims to toxic pollution in the sea, most marine experts strongly supported the propeller injury theory. Deputy conservator of Bombay Natural History Society, Deepak Apte, said, \"It is very likely that the same family of humpback whales comprising female adults and their calves were fatally injured by the rotating propellers of a barge or a ship. Since whales have to come to the sea surface to breathe in oxygen, they could have been hurt by a passing ship. In the last 30 years, I personally have not come across so many whale deaths in the Mumbai region at the same time. So these three incidents definitely need to be studied.''Almost 20 types of whales are found in the Arabian Sea. Marine biologist and chief conservator of forests (mangroves) N Vasudevan, said there are two basic types of whales - toothed and baleen. Baleen whales have a specialised filter in their mouths that blocks out dirt and other sea trash while these mammals drink the water. Humpback whales, which were washed ashore in and around Mumbai coast, belong to the baleen whale category.Among other whales include the sperm whale, blue whale, pilot whale, pygmy whale, melon-headed whale and killer whale.Humpback whales found in the Arabian sea are not known to migrate and are an exception to other species which migrate from tropical waters (to breed) to polar regions (to feed). Experts said only a post mortem of the animals could reveal the exact cause of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590616", "title": "Aspirants find IIT-JEE chemistry paper 'easier'", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than 15,000 candidates from the city appeared in IIT-Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) on Sunday. Experts termed the difficulty level of both papers as medium, though the first paper was easier.IIT aspirants gave mixed reactions. Most of them found chemistry paper easier in comparison to physics, and mathematics the lengthiest. \"Chemistry was easier in comparison to previous year. Physics was slightly tougher,'' said a student. There was no change in the exam pattern. In fact, the weightage of questions in the three subjects remained similar as last year.The first paper had 60 questions -- 20 each from physics, chemistry and mathematics. In physics, major questions were asked from mechanics followed by electricity and magnetism. Two questions were asked from heat and thermodynamics and one from modern physics. Chemistry paper had equal number of questions from physical and organic chapters. There were two questions from inorganic chemistry. The mathematics paper had maximum questions from calculus and coordinate geometry followed by vector algebra and matrices. The first paper was of 210 marks.The second paper too had 60 questions -- 20 each from physics, chemistry and mathematics. The weightage given to various topics was almost same as in paper one. The second paper was of 198 marks. Unlike last year, no matching questions were asked in chemistry. \"The pattern was almost similar to last year. The candidates with clear fundamentals would have solved the paper. The question paper had direct questions from prominent books. Candidates with advanced level of preparation will crack the exam,'' said Aditya Kumar, a physics teacher.Experts said the paper was cleaner and error-free. An average cut off would be 50% of the total (408) in both papers. \"There has not been much change in the ideal cut-off. A candidate securing 50-60% marks will crack the exam,'' said a teacher.This year, more than 5.6 lakh aspirants appeared in IIT-JEE in comparison to 4.85 lakh last year. The exam was held at 1,067 centres across the country. As many as 83,014 aspirants appeared in JEE 2012 from Kanpur zone, which is conducted by IIT-Delhi. The exam was conducted at158 centres in UP, Uttarakhand and Madhya Pradesh , the three states that come under Kanpur zone. The maximum number of exam centres among 11 cities that come under Kanpur zone was in Lucknow. Here, the exam was held at 31 centres.For the first time, candidates were allowed to take a copy of optical response sheet (ORS) after the examination. This would help them to analyse their performance. Also, ORS would assist the candidates in matching their answers with the correct answers of the question paper loaded on the JEE website. The answers to the questions would be provided on the JEE website later.The IIT-JEE pattern will change from next year. Ministry of human resource development is planning to introduce a national common examination for admission to all central engineering institutes like IITs from 2013-14. That would include a student's performance in the board exam. Moreover, IIT-JEE will be divided into two sections, one will judge a candidate's aptitude while the other will be subject based. The move is however, being condemned by IIT professors and experts.The results of IIT-JEE 2012 will be declared on May 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588843", "title": "Presidential polls: Congress, TMC mend fences", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the presidential polls coming up in July, Congress is having to keep UPA allies like the Trinamool Congress in good humour. TMC chief Mamata Banerjee too has decided not to go in for confrontation with Congress at the moment, it seems.As a result, the Congress high command has decided to put on hold the appointment of a new PCC chief in West Bengal till the presidential polls get over. This has been communicated to a senior Congress leader from the state who was here last week and met both Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and party general secretary Rahul Gandhi.The Bengal Congress unit has been waiting for a new chief since Pradeep Bhattacharya was nominated to the Rajya Sabha. But the party in Bengal needs a full-time president to deal combatively with TMC. Even while TMC and Congress are coalition partners in the state, the relations between the so-called allies have only deteriorated in the last year since they overthrew Left Front and came to office last May.For Congress, it is a battle for survival against the growing strength of TMC in the state. TMC, on the other hand, has been trying to wipe out Congress from Bengal and take up the entire anti-Left space. But the confrontation between the two is likely to tone down till the presidential polls get over.Banerjee will arrive in the Capital on Monday evening for a meeting with the Planning Commission the next day to finalize the annual plan outlay for the state. But the West Bengal chief minister may not attend the April 16 meeting of chief ministers scheduled to discuss internal security matters. Banerjee is likely to come to Delhi for the meeting on NCTC that has been scheduled for May 5. It was on her insistence that the Centre agreed to hold a separate meeting to discuss NCTC, which many chief ministers had objected to in its present form on the ground that it interfered with the federal powers of states.Even while there is discomfort between the allies over issues like NCTC and the rolling back of the railway passenger fare hike, the numbers needed to have its own person in Rashtrapati Bhawan after Pratibha Patil has compelled Congress to call for a ceasefire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12587964", "title": "2 Dawood aides shot dead abroad", "text": "MUMBAI: In a blow to the Dawood Ibrahim gang, two criminals, including an Inter Service Intelligence (ISI) agent wanted by the Mumbai police, were killed in separate incidents in South Africa and Nepal recently.ISI agent and Pakistani national Khalid Masood, who played a key role in the supply of counterfeit currency notes from Pakistan to India, was shot dead in Patiya, Nepal. Sources say he was declared dead at the spot. Fugitive gangster Vijay Shetty alias Vijju has claimed responsibility. Vijju told an IPS officer that he had been trailing Masood for some time. \"Masood was brainwashing youths and pumping fake notes into India. He was helping Dawood's man, Aftab Bhatki, from Karachi,\" said the officer.In the second case, Dawood aide Naved Khan, son of Kundan Khan who fled India along with Dawood in the late 90s, was found murdered in Durban, South Africa, on Friday. Sources indicated that he was shot dead on Friday afternoon by some local gangs. Naved was also a close associate of drug lord Iqbal Mirchi.There are reports that Naved's wife and two brothers, who run construction businesses in Mumbai, have flown to South Africa to claim his body, but the Mumbai police have no conformation yet. A senior officer with the crime branch, on condition of anonymity, said, \"We have heard of both the killings, but there is no official communication from either side. Hence, it is a bit too early to confirm them.\"However, on Saturday, there was buzz in Mumbai that Shetty had carried out the killing of Masood. In the past, Dawood's rivals like Chhota Rajan had killed ISI agents and Dawood's men to take revenge for the 1993 Mumbai serial bomb blasts. Sources said that in the past, rivals have killed to gain loyalty of the Indian government and to impress intelligence agencies. In 2010, Shetty, in connivance with Bharat Nepali, had killed advocate Shahid Azmi in Mumbai as Azmi was representing a few terror suspects in the court. Later, Shetty, along with Santosh Shetty, killed Nepali.ISI agent Khalid Masood was shot dead in Nepal, while Dawood aide Naved Khan was found murdered in Durban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "12589860", "title": "Memorable past rejuvenates their present", "text": "HAIBOWAL: Old students of Lord Mahavira Homeopathic Medical College and Hospital spent some quality time together at the second annual alumni meet organized by Community of Lord Mahaviras Alumni Practitioners (CLAP) here on Sunday.Dr Anurag Sood, general secretary of CLAP, said, ''Besides the general get-together, we had also organized a cultural event. It had a show by magician Jagdev Singh Chandumajra, a fusion and a solo dance and bhangra. The response to the function was overwhelming... more such events will be held.''''A state-level function to celebrate World Homeopathic Day was also held on the occasion of the 257th birth anniversary of the founder of homeopathy , Dr Samuel Hahnemann,'' he added.A Chawni Mohalla resident, Dr Raj Malhotra, who was a student of the first batch, said, ''I thoroughly enjoyed the function. I also met my class fellow Dr Vishwanath Sood of Pakhowal Road... we chatted for a long time and later had lunch together. Such events help revive old contacts.''Dr Victor Vashishth of Gopal Nagar, said, ''I had graduated in 2010. Today, I met my friends and had a great time with them. The cultural function was also entertaining, I liked bhangra, fusion and solo dances.''Dr Rika Dua, an internee who had performed in the event, said, ''I had not prepared much for the dance. Two days ago, I had got a call from the organizers for a performance. I am happy that my dance was liked by all.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590238", "title": "Ode massacre case verdict likely today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special court in Anand is likely to deliver its judgment on Monday in the Ode massacre case of post-Godhra riots, wherein 23 persons belonging to minority community were burnt to death.An agitated mob of about 2,000 gathered near Pirawali Bhagol in the Ode town of Anand district on March 1, 2002 and set a house on fire in which a small group of Muslims had taken shelter. Altogether 23 persons, mostly women and children, were killed in the incident.Since the victims were not content with the investigation carried out by Gujarat police, the case was taken up along with other major cases by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) before the Supreme Court which formed a special investigation team (SIT) to conduct further probe in the case.After the investigation was over, special judge S Y Trivedi charged 47 persons with murder, conspiracy, rioting, unlawful assembly, attempt to murder and destruction of evidence. As one undertrial passed away during the proceedings, the court will pronounce its verdict against 46 persons.A red corner notice has been issued against Hirubhai Patel, one of the two accused who have fled abroad. SIT has also recommended discharge of one of the accused Arvind Satabhai.During the trial, prosecution examined 158 witnesses, out of them 35 turned hostile. More than 160 documentary evidences were produced before the court by the SIT. After the hearing was over on March 21 last year, special judge Trivedi was transferred, and she resigned from judiciary the next month. Even the special prosecutor in the case also quit. The Gujarat high court appointed sessions judge P B Singh as special judge and senior advocate P N Parmar was selected by SIT as prosecutor in this case. Additional arguments on part of defense counsel ended in December last year.The same court heard the case against 15 of these accused in connection with another incident that occurred the next day, in which an old person was killed. The police lodged only one FIR for both the cases but two chargesheets were filed for which two separate trials were sought.One more case in Ode town is being probed by SIT, and the final verdict in this case is likely on April 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587287", "title": "'PHED lacks adequate staff'", "text": "PATNA: Public health and engineering department minister Chandra Mohan Rai said the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report on the state government's mitigation programme for arsenic, fluoride and iron pollutants to provide safe drinking water to the rural habitations was partly correct.The minister said since no standard survey of polluted groundwater sites in Bihar has yet been carried out, the criticism in CAG report did not hold much ground. He said only recently, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh has assured to set up a Central government unit in Bihar to undertake such a survey.The CAG report (2011) pointed out that priority habitations facing high risk due to groundwater pollution caused by arsenic, fluoride and iron, were left uncovered while habitations at low risk were covered under the Accelerated Rural Water Supply Programme (ARWSP) for mitigating the pollutants in Bihar.\"PHED did not utilize the test results to identify the priority habitations as a result mitigation measures were taken in non-priority habitations too. At least 20 districts with high iron content in groundwater and five districts with high fluoride contamination were not covered under the programme. Instead, seven districts with less contamination of iron and 11 districts with less fluoride contamination in groundwater were covered under the mitigation programme,\" the report pointed out.The CAG report blamed the PHED for its failure to frame an annual action plan during 2006-09, slow progress in implementation of mitigation scheme despite availability of funds and poor implementation of the scheme resulting in the utilization of only 47% fund released during 2006-09.Under the 13 schemes of PHED during 2006-11, only 424 arsenic-affected habitations out of the 1,590 identified, were covered till March, 2011. Only 218 schools out of the 633 identified were covered under the schemes, the report stated.Rai said the PHED lacked adequate number of staff and technical hands and that affected the implementation of the schemes. He said Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) and the Staff Selection Commission were yet to select 100 assistant engineers and 225 junior engineers respectively for the PHED. The junior engineers appointed on contract have no financial power. Hence, implementation work suffered, he said.Admitting the tardy implementation of scheme, Rai said Central government did not release the second instalment of fund for the ARWSP till 2010-11. It was released in 2011-12 only after the PHED submitted to the Centre the utilization certificates of 75% work.Rai said CM Nitish Kumar has asked the PHED to frame a policy for maintenance of the hand pumps and borings in which chemical packs are applied for treating arsenic, fluoride and iron pollutants in groundwater. It is required because after installation, the hand pumps and borings are handed over to the panchayats which have neither fund nor technical expertise to change the chemical packs, he added.He said the Centre's help was required to impart training to create skilled manpower for maintenance of the hand pumps and pipe-water supply installations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12590481", "title": "High level committee to look into environmental damage caused by textile industry", "text": "JODHPUR: Union Textile and Commerce &amp; Industry minister Anand Sharma on Saturday, while expressing concern over the closed textile units, announced to set up a high level committee to look into the damages caused by the textile industry to the local environment and ecology at Jodhpur, Barmer and Pali.Headed by secretary, textile, the committee will work out economically viable technical solutions to get over the situation. \"Notification for the formation of this committee will be issued in a week and a team of technical experts will visit the affected areas soon after and suggest techno-economic solutions on the lines of Trichur city to offset environmental destruction,\" he said. The committee will comprise state government officials including those from the department of forest and environment.These three districts, put together, have over 2,000 textile units engaged in printing and dying of cloth, which are posing a major threat to the environment and ecology of their respective regions in the absence of an effluent disposal plan and adequate common effluent treatment plants (CETP). State high court has asked the units at Barmer district to close while hearing a PIL by Digvijay Singh Jasol, until they ensure that not a single drop of treated or untreated water will fall into the Luni river, which has been badly polluted.Sharma said the industries cannot be allowed to be closed down and we need to come out with a solution as per the wish of the high court. The central government is ready to bear 50% cost of CETP construction under the infrastructure development for export and allied activities (ASIDE) scheme of the ministry, he added.Currently, the CETPs functional for these industries are remarkably inadequate and effluents generated from these industries are way higher than the capacity of these CETPs put together, which are also seeping into the ground water and polluting it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589332", "title": "Bangalore University now plans to set up universities in Rwanda", "text": "BANGALORE: Bangalore University is exploring the option of establishing medical and traditional universities in Rwanda in collaboration with local education authorities.This was disclosed by Bangalore University (BU) vice-chancellor N Prabhu Dev here on Sunday at the 18th commemoration of the genocide in Rwanda. \"We are looking at the possibilities of coming up with a medical university and a traditional university in Rwanda. The universities will be an extension of BU,\" said Prabhu Dev.The event at the Central College campus was held to remember and honour the memories of the victims of the 1994 massacre that had left over a million dead in the African nation.Williams Nkurunziza, high commissioner of the Republic of Rwanda, said that despite the dark days, the country has risen and the kind of progress it has made is unbelievable.\"Between 2000 and 2011, the economy of Rwanda has grown by 300%. The level of poverty has come down by 12.5%. The economy is expected to remain on a robust upward trajectory for many years. Moreover, 50% of our population is constituted by those born after 1994,\" said Williams.'Never again' was the message spread at the event to remind one and all of the lesson that the incident taught. This year's commemoration was held with the theme 'Let's learn from our history to shape a bright future'. It began with a peace march titled a 'Walk2Remember', in which students from Africa and others participated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594239", "title": "Raju Srivastav immerses his father's ashes in Sangam", "text": "Comedian Raju Srivastav, whose father passed away due to cardiac arrest at the age of 82, a few days ago in Unnao near Kanpur, immersed his ashes in Sangam.Raju came to Allahabad with a few family members and friends and seemed totally shocked at the sudden death of his father as he was not quite healthy. \"He was very healthy and active even at this age and was not suffering from any sort of disease,\" he says, adding, \"He had gone to attend a 'Kavi Sammelan' to Unnao as he himself was a big poet and was known amongst his fans as Balai Kaka, and got the cardiac arrest there itself. He was rushed to the nearby hospital but could not survive. Since he was being awarded Lifetime achievement award at that function, he was quite excited before leaving.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12589966", "title": "8 more plaints in 3 days; 1 gang at work", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The racket of sending robbers in the guise of maids is turning murkier with each passing day as more complaints have started pouring in after the unearthing of this scam on Thursday.Initially, police had received only one complaint, but in the last three days they have got eight more complaints. Six of these are from Chandigarh residents, while one is from Ludhiana and another from a town in Haryana.\"After one incident came to light, many complaints have started pouring in against the same gang. The accused were very clever and dropped the maid at the house of victim during late evening so that police verification could not be done at that time,\" Gurmukh Singh, station house officer of Sector 11, told TOI. He added, \"Then on the same night the maid disappeared with whatever valuables she could lay her hands on. They also took the whole amount, ranging from Rs 20,000 to Rs 35,000 in advance from the victim.\"During the probe, police have discovered that the accused were using phone numbers, which were procured on fake identity proofs, and were frequently changing their addresses to dupe gullible customers from Chandigarh. So far police have arrested four persons, including two women , but maintained that many more are still at large.\"We have conducted raids in Delhi to arrest other accused. This is a close-knit network and accused were using fake documents to get telephone numbers and were changing their locations frequently. They never used the same number again to call their next target,\" said sub-inspector Ashok Kumar . The accused were running a company, \"Door-to-door\" in Delhi.Police said the accused were running at least a dozen more similar companies in Delhi and upscale families from Chandigarh were their main target group. They were claiming to provide trained maids from Maharashtara, Bihar , West Bengal and North East.The maid scam is not new to Tricity as residents have been targeted previously too. According to sources in police, two years back, 22-year-old Radhika was involved in such thefts. Four associates of Radhika, who were arrested along with her in 2009, had left Chandigarh but Radhika decided to continue in the same vicinity along with her family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588458", "title": "Cheers &amp; jeers for Nizamuddin candidates", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lack of sanitation, parking space, unauthorized construction and poor upkeep of the area surrounding the world famous Nizamuddin dargah - the residents of the Nizamuddin area in south Delhi demanded accountability on each count from their candidates at a public meeting on Sunday.Sitting councillor and former mayor Farhad Suri (Congress), Kuldeep Kumar (BJP), Mumtaz Siddique (NCP) and Tashwar Ali Siddique (SP), all contesting the MCD elections from the ward, shared their vision with residents for dealing with the issues. \"The purpose of this public debate was to make the voters acquainted with their candidates and listen to their views on different subjects,\" said Rakesh Mehta, president of the Nizamuddin RWA. Now, they can decide who to vote for.\"\"There is one major difference between me and other candidates: they are asking for votes saying what they will do. I am asking to vote for my work,\" said Suri, poking other contestants. \"A councillor gets Rs 4 crore and Rs 21 lakh for developing his ward in his five-year tenure. I utilized it all for improving civic utilities and brought in projects worth Rs 60 crore. A polyclinic, baraat ghar and a school have been opened in Nizamuddin Basti and in Nizamuddin East, I have built a tennis court for people.\" His pronouncements were received with both cheers and jeers.Suri, who was the mayor of Delhi in 2006, has won twice from the ward. Congress sources said victory with a good margin will pave the way for an assembly ticket next year. However, a stumbling block can well be current MLA Tarvinder Singh Marwah, Suri's known detractor in the party.BJP candidate Kumar, on the other hand, is a first timer. \"If you select me, I will work so hard that I get elected every time thereafter. I am an admirer of former union urban development minister Jagmohan and I promise to carry forward his legacy of infrastructure development and planning,\" said Kumar, a property dealer who also has a transport business. He promises to focus on improving sanitation services and get the Barapullah nallah covered to create parking space.Nizamuddin ward includes Sidhharth Extension, Sunder Nagar, parts of Jungpura, Nizamuddin basti and three jhuggi clusters among others.A significant percentage of voters in the ward stays in Nizamuddin basti but the area hardly has any facility, alleged NCP candidate Mumtaz Siddique. She said even Nizamuddin dargah, visited by thousands of visitors every year, is poorly maintained. \"If I get elected, I will work for the development of the basti. I will open a medical centre for treatment of the poor residing in the area,\" she said.SP's Siddique said he was an active social worker and not a politician. \"Once elected, I will spend all the time serving the electorate,\" he said.There was lot of hooting as candidates went about talking national issues and subjects not related directly to MCD. Said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12589380", "title": "Expressing herself through murals", "text": "KOCHI: Kanchana Radhakrishnan started painting on wooden boards and materials that were easily available at her house in the beginning.Canvases and oil were perhaps a bit too costly for her then. But when she organized her first solo show of mural paintings, it had the support of her family. The exhibition, which started on April 1, will continue till the 15th of this month.Radhakrishnan, her husband, feels it's important to foster the artist in his wife. Kanchana is humbled by the support she has received from her family. \"In murals, there are lot of rules. I thought I should break away from that and try something different without losing its identity,\" she said. According to Isabelle, a visitor at the exhibition, her murals are like Kerala's own version of Warhol . \"Pop-artsy and modern in its fusion of colours, yet so grounded when it comes to the theme,\" she said.Her paintings focus on femininity and Lord Krishna. But her favorite is that of Mother Mary with infant Jesus on a rock and two angels besides her", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "12591466", "title": "Manali mulls sky bus service", "text": "MANALI: Manali may soon get a web of sky bus service for the first time in the country. Increasing population and traffic but very limited roads have forced Manali to consider optional transportation systems. A feasibility report of the track for sky buses, a first for any hill town in the country, has been passed by state government and is being sent to Centre for final suggestion.The sky buses would ply between Manali, Hadimba temple, Vashisht and Prini -- the busiest routes in the town. If brought into effect, buses would ply on over 10km track, 6 meter above the ground. \"Bringing this dream project into existence in odd geographical conditions would be a big engineering challenge for us but it would ease the traffic burden on roads,\" said Ajay Sharma, executive engineer (engineering division), public works department (PWD). \"The system would run on electricity hence help reduce the carbon pollution,\" he added.The roads here are severely crowded with buildings and precious deodar trees on both the sides. With no possibility of widening of the roads, overhead transportation is the only way to keep the town moving. Condition worsens during summers when lakhs of tourists throng Manali with their vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593235", "title": "Two years of RTE", "text": "With a year left for schools to adhere to the norms under the RTE Act, Aaditi Isaac finds out what more needs to be doneIt has been two years since the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act came into force (April 1, 2010). As per RTE, every child in the age group of 6-14 years would be provided eight years of elementary education in an age appropriate classroom in the vicinity of his/her neighbourhood. All schools have been given three years (2013) to prescribe to norms and standards laid out in the Act, or they will not be able to function.However, many obstacles still remain for the successful implementation of the Act. One such challenge is rapid urbanisation. A recent Unicef report, 'The State of the World's Children 2012: Children in an Urban World,' states that India currently has an estimated population of 377 million people and by 2026, 40% of its total population is projected to be living in urban areas.Does urbanisation translate to better opportunities for learning for children? On the contrary, as many children instead of being in school, continue to beg and work for their livelihood. A case in point is the recent incident of a 13-year-old domestic help who was rescued from an apartment in Delhi, where she was locked and had been starving for three days, while her employers are out of town.Urmila Sarkar, chief-education, Unicef, says, \"Schools play a transformative role. Education is the key to prevent children from being in exploitative or vulnerable situations. We have to ensure that children are in schools and are safe. Child protection structures, too, need to be in place to ensure children do not fall through the cracks.\"On how safe are schools as incidents of children being hit by teachers still persist, she says that corporal punishment is banned under RTE, further adding, \"We need to find alternative means to discipline children without using the cane, and support teachers to promote positive behaviour change in the classroom.\"According to Rukmini Banerji, directorprogrammes, Pratham, one cannot have a fixed strategy to take children off the roads and place in a school set-up. \"One has to look at where they were and are and where they should be, and accordingly a strategy needs to be worked out.\" Ensuring that a child goes to school is not enough because a school building isn't enough for a child to be educated. \"What happens in the classroom is as critical,\" she adds.Both Sarkar and Banerji agree that the focus should be on learning outcomes. \"It's not enough to have children in schools; we have to provide the right learning support. Instead of being fearful of the system, children should want to complete their studies,\" says Banerji.One way of ensuring this, suggests Rajat Khawas, principal consultant, Joint Policy Advisory Group, Manipal City and Guilds, is to recognise prior learning. \"Many children may have skills such as weaving, carpentry, etc, before they join a formal school set-up. These skills should be recognised, which would encourage the children to stay on in the system,\" he says, while reiterating the importance of vocational education.A National Stocktaking Convention on the Implementation of RTE Act will be held in the Capital on April 3 and 4.LEADERSHIP SCHOOLThe Shri Ram School and Aspen Institute , India will offer a two-week residential programme for students of class IX - XII, with an aim to imbibe leadership skills. The leadership school will also consist of exciting adventure sports and experiential training for participants, under the tutelage of Ajeet Bajaj, Padmashri awardee. The programme will begin from May 26 till June 9. For details, log on to www.aspireindia.orgGO GREENTo sensitise school students about pollution and its ill effects, Toyota Kirloskar Motor Pvt Ltd (TKM) initiated a campaign - Hybrid Craft Campaign - for students of Pathways World School in Noida. Through an interactive process, students of the age group of 12 to 14 years will be made to understand the details of hybrid technology, its benefits for the environment and the need to conserve fuel. Shalini Advani, director, Pathway World School, said, \"Our curriculum at Pathways lays emphasis on teaching students to think of green solutions to the ills of pollution. We are delighted with Toyota's imaginative initiative which introduces this new technology.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12589699", "title": "Pak searches for 135 soldiers buried in snow after avalanche", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Racing against time, Pakistani troops, aided by sniffer dogs and mechanical equipment, on Sunday frantically searched for 135 people, mostly soldiers, buried under dozens of feet of snow after a massive avalanche slammed into a key army camp in the Siachen sector near Indian border.Rescuers resumed the desperate search after suspending the operation late on Saturday night because of darkness and poor weather, though there were no signs of survivors a day after the avalanche hit the camp.Military officials said there was no information of survivors as army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani flew to Skardu to review the rescue operation. The avalanche hit a battalion headquarters at Gyari in Siachen sector, burying 124 security personnel and 11 civilians under up to 80 feet of snow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587837", "title": "Patnaites packing bags for tourist hot spots", "text": "PATNA: With the summer vacation approaching fast, Patnaites are readying plans to visit different tourist spots, including Srinagar, Port Blair and Goa. Foreign destinations are also on the radar of some prospective vacationers.This time, the paradise on earth, Kashmir and its summer capital Srinagar have turned out to be hot destinations for the locals. \"We have already had 500 bookings for Srinagar and many more are coming in,\" said Sanjeev Sinha of Mamta Travels.\"One of the major reasons for interest in Srinagar has been the fact that the Centre is encouraging its employees this year to go to Srinagar on their annual LTCs,\" added Sinha.The city tourists planning a visit to Srinagar are excited about Vaishno Devi as well. \"We will definitely visit Vaishno Devi. The Srinagar visit offers us a wonderful opportunity to visit the holy shrine,\" said a Union government employee.The Andaman and Nicobar island is also a hot destination. \"We have already made 200 bookings for Port Blair, the capital of Andaman and Nicobar island. The number of tourists going there is rising every year,\" said Sinha.\"I am really looking forward to visit the famous Neil island and others of Port Blair. I have heard about the famous Mahatma Gandhi Marine national park as well,\" said a public sector undertaking official, who would go there next week.One of the most regular favourite tourist spots has been Goa. A city-based travel agency, Indian Tourist Bureau (ITB), has come up with a special package for couples. \"Consequent to rising demand, we have designed a special three night-four day package. It involves accommodation at a famous hotel of Goa and provision for breakfast and dinner. The cost of package is Rs 20,000,\" said Rajesh Sinha of ITB.A special package for Goa has also been designed for students by the same travel agency. The cost of the package is Rs 6,900,\" added Rajesh.The North-east is also fast emerging as a hot spot for Patna tourists. Since this region is largely unexplored, people seem to be very interested in it. \"The added adventure quotient in the mountainous region attracts more and more people. The major attractions of this package are visit to Gangtok-Tsongo Lake and white water rafting in Teesta river,\" said R Priyanka, a local travel planner.People are no less eager to spend their vacations abroad. Hong Kong has emerged as the most sought-after tourist spot. \"For Hong Kong, we have already received 25 bookings and the number is expected to touch 100 this season,\" said Raman Jha of Super Travels. \"The package for Hong Kong involves a visit to Macau as well. It's a six night package,\" added Jha.\"In the Hong Kong package, the major attractions are Disney Land, Ocean Park and Madam Tussauds,\" said Jha. Patnaites also like to visit Bangkok. \"About 15-20 people go to the Thai capital every month and we are expecting the same in this season as well,\" Jha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12589038", "title": "Trinamool Congress worker stripped, tortured", "text": "MALDA: Tension sparked off in Malda after a Trinamool Congress worker was found lying naked with a brick tied to his private parts in a mango orchard on Thursday. Victim Nur Salim (42), a law clerk from village Masimpur under Kaliachak police station, has alleged involvement of CPM-backed goons.The victim was carrying Rs 1.5 lakh for purchasing a land. Sources said when he reached Balupur on Thursday morning, four goons - Sahidur Sheikh, Akil Sheikh, Hatim Sheikh and Gahur Sheikh - attacked him and covered his eyes with a black ribbon. The goons had beaten him up brutally before fleeing with the money.While minister Sabitri Mitra blamed CPM for the attack on her party worker, CPM leader Biswanath Ghosh said it was \"ridiculous\" to brand the miscreants as CPM activists.Salim was going to Old Malda, in connection with a land deal, when the incident occurred. Sources said he was carrying Rs 1.50 lakh as the advance amount for purchasing a land. According to the victim's family members, sensing that Salim had left for Old Malda with the huge money, the miscreants made a call at his home demanding Rs 6 lakh. \"The call came within an hour after he left and the goons threatened us of dire consequences if we informed police,\" said Bahiul Haque, the victim's elder brother.Sources said when Salim reached Balupur on Thursday morning, four goons - Sahidur Sheikh, Akil Sheikh, Hatim Sheikh and Gahur Sheikh - attacked him and covered his eyes with a black ribbon. The goons had beaten him up brutally before fleeing with the money. They threw him at a mango orchard in a senseless state. When the victim gained consciousness, he found his legs and hands were tied with clothing stripped off. With a heavy brick tied to his private parts, he could not even free himself.Bahiul said he rescued his brother after being informed by the villagers. He was admitted to Silampur health centre and later shifted to Malda District Hospital. Bahiul had lodged a complaint with Kaliachak police station, but no arrest has yet been made.Meanwhile, political blame game has started over the incident. Minister Sabitri Mitra said, \"Nur Salim is an active TMC worker. In Bamangram and Masimpur, CPM was losing ground with TMC making an inroad. Thus, CPM goons attacked our worker out of panic. I have asked the cops to take action. TMC cannot be thwarted in this way.\" CPM leader Biswanath Ghosh said: \"For the last one year with the indulgence of police a sheer lawlessness is going on there.There is no political identity of these miscreants and branding them CPM activists is ridiculous.\" SP Jayanta Pal said they have started a probe and search is on for the accused.A Trinamool Congress worker was tortured in worst possible way when a brick was hung with his private parts after being roughed up brutally. The victim, a law clerk, alleged that CPM goons were behind such attack and lodged a complaint to police. The area of Kaliachak has become tense after the incident with the political parties involved in fray. Although no one was arrested, police super assured to take action soon.Victim Nur Salim (42), of village Masimpur under Kaliachak police station informed that he had planned to buy a land at Old Malda recently. Accordingly, on 5th April he was coming to Old Malda with Rs 1.50 lakh as an advance of the land. But when he reached Balupur around 10 am he was attacked by four goons. They were Sahidur Sk, Akil Sk, Hatim Sk and Gahur Sk. All of them were known CPM goons. It is alleged that they had taken away Salim forcefully and covered his eyes with black clothes. He was brutally roughed up and was robbed of his money. Finally Salim found himself in a mango orchard, he could not recognize. His hands and legs were tied up and he was stripped. The miscreants had hung a brick with his private part so that he could not flee. Salim said that the miscreants had left the place leaving him alone in a ditch in the orchard.Bahiul Haque, elder brother of Salim said, \"We got a phone call on Thursday an hour after his departure that he would be killed if Rs 6 lakh was not given. But we did not have that much money. We began to search for him. Finally getting the news from villagers we found Salim lying naked with a heavy brick on his penis in a mango orchard.\" He was admitted to local Silampur health centre first. But as his condition did not improve he was taken to Malda District Hospital on Saturday night.Bahiul claimed that a complaint was lodged at Kaliachak police station on the day of incident against four miscreants, but police did not take any action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12579598", "title": "Dejected Madhura quits the show", "text": "She was signed on as the protagonist of Hum Ne Li Hai... Shapath, but Madhura Naik was in for a rude shock when she realised that her track was going nowhere for a long time.Failing to yeild any response from the production house, the actress approached Cine &amp; TV Artistes' Association (CINTAA) to look into the matter. An infuriated Madhura says, \"Initially, they wanted to kill my character but then they made it slip into a coma to recover later. Then they abruptly decided to infuse a love triangle between me and two male cops. They wanted the show to become like CID. I finally called them to figure out about my track but the creative head of the show snapped at me. She told me that I didn't deserve to be informed about my upcoming track. I had blocked 25 days for the show out of which only five to 10 days were being utilised. The creative head finally told me that they are ending my track. I finally approached CINTAA yesterday and I have been allowed to take up other projects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589100", "title": "Folk artists flock to Kabir festival", "text": "CHENNAI: Folk artists from across the country will perform at a two-day music festival on 15th century saint-poet Kabir, starting from Monday at the Kalakshetra Foundation.Eminent folk musicians, including Parvathy Baul, Mir Mukhtiyar Ali, Hemant Chauhan, and Prahlad Tipanya, will present the music of Kabir and other Bhakti and Sufi poets at the festival being organised in association with the Auroville Sacred Music Festival that took place last week.\"It was only logical that we bring to Chennai some of 45 artists who came to Auroville last week,\" said Jyothi Menon, theatre manager, Kalakshetra. This is the first time Kalakshetra is organising a festival dedicated to folk music. \"This festival is very different from what we do everyday,\" she said.\"Audiences don't need to understand the words to understand folk music,\" said Parvathy Baul, who specialises in Baul singing, a form of Bengali Sufi music, and is also a storyteller and painter. \"When I listen to a Kabir doha (couplet), I don't understand every word but I am able to appreciate how the person singing it is able to connect to the divine through it,\" said Baul, who has performed during the December music season in Chennai a couple of times.Artists will explore mystic poet Kabir's ideas on cultural identity, religion, death and secularism through their different styles of music.While Hemant Chauhan from Gujarat specialises in bhajans and garba songs, Mir Mukhtiar Ali represents the 26th generation of his community from Rajasthan which has kept alive the oral tradition of Sufiana Qalam. Prahlad Tipanya sings Kabir's poems in the Malwi folk style from Madhya Pradesh. He was awarded the Padma Shri in 2011.The performances will begin at Padma Pushkarini in Kalakshetra at 6pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12588274", "title": "Somali pirates hold oil tanker with 17 Indian crew members", "text": "NOIDA: The families of 17 Indians, who were among a crew of 22 on a Nigeria-bound oil tanker, have just been told that the ship was captured by Somali pirates off the coast of Oman more than a month ago.Recruitment agents said talks were on between the pirates and shipping company for the crew's release. The ship, MT Royal Grace, reportedly on its maiden voyage, was hijacked on March 4.Family members of the crew said they were informed about the capture only a few days ago.Manu Chauhan, CEO of East India Shipping Agency which recruited five of the Indian crew members, told TOI the ship's Dubai-based owners, Oyster Cargo and Shipping Company, had informed the government's DG (shipping) and was also keeping families of the crew members updated.Talks were continuing between the East India Shipping Agency and Somali pirates for the release of the firm'screw.\"Our agency is dependent on Dubai-based agents for information. Whatever the agents feed us, we are passing to the crew members' families. I am trying to go to Dubai as soon as possible to get more information,\" said Manu Chauhan, CEO of the shipping firm.Said a shipping agency official, \"On March 2, we were alerted that there was an attack on the ship and later it was confirmed that the ship had been taken by pirates on March 4. As per information which we have received from Dubai, the ship was reportedly held off the coast near the town of Garacad in Somalia.\"Somali pirates hold 21 ships, 289 hostagesApart from the Indians, he said, the ship had three Nigerians and one Pakistani and Bangladeshi national each. With this, Somali pirates are now holding 21 vessels and have 289 hostages.Family members of the crew said they were worried about the safety of their loved ones, some of whom were at sea for the first time.\"The MT Royal Grace set off from Sharjah for Nigeria with a crew of 22, including my brother-in-law Midhun Kottekatin Chandran. He had told us that the ship would be moving out of mobile network coverage area for about 10 days. That was the last we heard from him. After more than a month, we received a call from East India Shipping Agency officials who told us about the ship's capture,\" said Sachin Singh, a relative of one of the crew members.He said his brother-in-law joined the company in January. \"This was the first time he was travelling on a ship. We were earlier told the name of the ship was Royal Lady but it was reportedly sold to another company and its name changed. Midhun's father is also in the merchant navy and is at present on a ship near Qatar. He is likely to reach Mumbai next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589148", "title": "Special bench to hear lawyer son murder case", "text": "CHENNAI: With mystery still shrouding the death of Sathish Kumar, son of advocate R Sankarasubbu, a special three-judge bench of the Madras high court will hear the case from Monday.A full bench comprising Justices Elipe Dharma Rao, M Venugopal and M M Sundresh has been constituted by the chief justice to hear the case. For more than nine months, a division bench of Justices C Nagappan and P R Shivakumar had been hearing the matter.A law graduate, Sathish went missing on June 7, 2011, and was found dead in a water body at ICF on June 13. It is Sankarasubbu's case that police officers (who were named during court hearings) killed his son because Sankarasubbu appeared against them in some cases. On his request, the case was entrusted to the CBI last year.Every time the case came up for hearing, the court room would be full, with top Bar leaders demanding a 'fair probe' and action against the police officers 'involved.' The bench kept reminding CBI about the need to crack the case and bring the culprits to the book. More than half a dozen status reports had been filed by the CBI on the matter.In February, after the CBI filed a status report and sought the court's permission to file a chargesheet in the jurisdictional court, the bench allowed the agency to file the final report. Having been denied access to CBI's status reports, advocates sought to restrain CBI from filing the chargesheet.Though the bench acceded to the plea and stayed the filing of chargesheet, it chose to pull out of the hearing. It is under these circumstances that the bench headed by Justice Elipe Dharma Rao is set to hear the case. Whether advocates would be given access to reports will be decided by the bench, said a Bar leader representing Sankarasubbu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593461", "title": "Devotional or item number, Richa loves all", "text": "From religious numbers to item and folk tracks, playback singer Richa Sharma loves each and every genre.Richa, who had been part of films like Zubeidaa, Saathiya, Kaante at the earlier phase of her career, said as a singer \"I feel equally at ease to deliver different tracks, both sufi, folk, devotional as well as filmy numbers.\"\"Any type of song requires total dedication and devotion to your soul, to your spirit, to the God for that matter. If you do not get involved while singing any number, devotional or item songs, you cannot reach that level where you wish,\" Richa explained.The versatile singer, who had trained in classical music and later learnt ghazals and folk before moving to Mumbai in 1994, was talking to the media after launching Sitarscape, a lounge album by friend, renowned sitarist Purbayan Chatterjee, on Saturday night.Richa, whose Rom Rom Tera Naam Pukara, Sajda (My Name is Khan) was in the Top 10 lists of 2010 and fetched awards, said she was counting on audience feedback to her forthcoming releases of Shanghai (music by Vishal and Shekar), Trishna ( Amit Trivedi) and Life in Taj Mahal (late Jagjit Singh ).Richa said she would love to work with music directors like A R Rahman, Pritam, Vishal Sekhar and Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy.She recalls how she worked with Rahman till late hours for The Rising. \"He is a workaholic who works till late hours and I will always be indebted to him,\" she said.\"I would love to work with Purbayan Chatterjee, a very gifted classicist,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12589609", "title": "Obliging passengers proves costly for driver", "text": "MANGALORE: A motorcyclist was killed and four others travelling in a KSRTC Volvo bus ) bound for Kundapur were injured when the bus hit the motorcycle at Malemar Cross along NH 66 under Kavoor police station limits on Sunday. Police identified the deceased motorcyclist as Rupesh Shetty, 26, son of Mohan Shetty, a resident of Malemar working as a surveyor in MRPL. He was returning home after night duty, police said.Bus driver Maruthi Nayak is said to have diverted the bus on to the slip road along NH 66 as a few passengers requested they wanted to alight at Kottara Chowki junction.The bus would otherwise have traversed along the Kottara flyover without entering the slip road, M Ramesh, KSRTC divisional controller said.The bus could have entered the slip road at some speed since there was no traffic, only to crash in to the oncoming motorcycle.The speed of the bus took it beyond the edge of the slip road where it toppled sideways in to a road side ditch injuring four passengers as well as Maruthi Nayak and the conductor.They were taken to a nearby private hospital where they were treated and later discharged. The driver and the conductor who, too, sustained injuries were admitted to Wennlock hospital, Ramesh said adding they are out of danger.KSRTC provided an ex-gratia relief of Rs 15,000 to the next of kin of deceased. The injured, too, were paid Rs 12,000 as ex-gratia relief. The bus had 27 passengers on board, Ramesh said, adding that others were sent to Kundapur in the corporation buses. Maruthi who has eight years of experience prima facie appears to be at fault, Ramesh said adding that the damage to the Volvo bus could be around Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588754", "title": "Uneven table of 21 for lunch after Sonia Gandhi goes missing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi pulled out of PM Manmohan Singh's luncheon meeting with Pakistani President Asif Zardari at the last moment which resulted in her son and Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi being the sole representative of the Congress party at the PM's high table.Official sources said that Sonia had conveyed late in the evening on Saturday that she would not be able to attend the lunch as she was unwell.However, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi declined to go into the reasons behind Sonia's absence, cautioning against any interpretation that she would like the government to tread cautiously vis-a-vis Pakistan .\"Media should stop reading grand plans or conspiracies into trivial non issues. These are normal exigencies found in the course of state governance and administration. There could be 101 reasons for absence and she is not obliged to provide explanation and reasons,\" he told a news agency.Significantly, Sonia had a full working day on Saturday during which she met a number of Congress leaders like former chief minister of Punjab Amarinder Singh and former chief of Congress's UP unit Rita Bahuguna Joshi.She went to Bangladesh last year to receive the Bangladesh Freedom Honour on behalf of Indira Gandhi just before she had to leave for the US for treatment of an unknown ailment. Her absence also raised eyebrows because she has never been known, even earlier when she was leader of opposition, to skip such meetings with foreign dignitaries.As a result of Sonia's absence, the lunch table was an uneven 21, six of them Pakistanis. Apart from Rahul, senior ministers including A K Antony, S M Krishna and P Chidambaram attended the lunch.Sources also said one of the reasons Sonia opted out could be to signal that India did not actually attach much importance in terms of outcome to what was essentially a private visit by Zardari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12588602", "title": "Illegal under-construction sites face MCG bulldozers", "text": "GURGAON: Continuing its drive against unauthorized construction, the city municipal body demolished buildings at a dozen-odd illegal, under-construction sites in old Gurgaon on Sunday.A spokesperson of the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) said that the squad demolished such constructions in New Colony, bus stand and Old DLF.He added that the buildings demolished by the team included individual houses and under-construction flats near Kalyani hospital in Old DLF.To ensure smooth operation, a number of senior officials including two joint commissioners, Veena Hooda and KK Gupta, the municipal chief engineer and other officials besides police personnel were present during the drive.The district administration in the past has issued several orders to the municipal body and the town and country planning department to show zero tolerance towards illegal construction.Though the municipal body's crack down on such constructions is seen as a positive move, questions were raised as to how it took the MCG so long to learn about building violations in the city. \"How come they got to know about the violations only after several floors were built? They should investigate what is wrong in the system,\" asked a resident of Sector 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593638", "title": "New status for college", "text": "Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC), Delhi University , was recently made a National Centre for Corporate Governance by the National Foundation for Corporate Governance (NFCG) under the ministry of corporate affairs. Its the first college to get such a status in DU.On why SRCC, P C Jain, principal, said because the college is known for its commerce and business education, the foundation decided to grant the status of a national centre.Explaining the concept of corporate governance, Anil Kumar, faculty and convener of the centre, said, It is the system by which a company is controlled and directed. This includes the companys policies such as working for the benefit of all the stakeholders and keeping funds for corporate social responsibility (CSR).As per Kumar, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) introduced the concept in the country back in 2000. Later in 2003, the Narayana Murthy Committee passed new recommendations in the code of corporate governance.The recognition of the college as a national centre will enable us to work on corporate governance at different levels of specialisation. We will be able to hold international conferences and forge new tie-ups for research. Also, the funding for the projects and allied programmes will be made by the foundation, he added.The announcement of the new status was made during an international seminar on corporate governance held in the college. Students are enquiring on how they can be a part of it.We are still chalking out how to involve students. However, the research projects will be open to students who will work alongside faculty. Besides, we will run training programmes for various company executives and directors, added Kumar.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12590286", "title": "Pimpri woman killed after car falls into gorge in Panchgani", "text": "PUNE: A 22-year-old businesswoman from Pimpri was killed after the car she was driving fell into a 300-ft deep gorge at Dandeghar village near Panchgani, around 90 km from here on Sunday afternoon.The Panchgani police have identified the woman as Tanvi Prakash Kakade of Sona Rupa society in Kharalwadi in Pimpri.Assistant inspector of Panchgani police Rajendra Bokade told TOI that the incident took place around 2.30 pm near Harrison Folly point, which is the entry to Panchgani. \"Unidentified persons informed the police about the accident. When we reached the spot, we saw the body of the woman lying around 100 ft from the top, while the mangled remains of the car were at a distance of about 300 ft,\" Bokade said.Bokade said Tanvi may have lost control of the wheel, and the car fell down into the gorge. \"We suspect that after the car went off the road and fell straight into the gorge, Tanvi may have jumped out of the car to save herself,\" Bokade said, \"The impact was such that she died on the spot.\"\"Tanvi was alone in the car when the incident took place,\" Bokade said.Bokade said local residents and Janardan Kalambe and Janardan Parte, members of an adventure group and Ajay Sanas of the Youth Forum brought Tanvi's body on the top in the evening.Bokade said Tanvi's parents, who rushed to Panchgani in the evening, told the police that she had left home around 9.30 am on Sunday. \"She had told her parents that she was going for a work in Panchgani. Tanvi was running a business of events management and home styling,\" Bokade said.(With inputs from Atul Deshpande in Satara.)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bareilly", "code": "12596417", "title": "Four key UPA allies keen to part ways with ruling coalition: BJP", "text": "BAREILLY: BJP on Monday claimed that failure of the Congress in following coalition dharma had antagonised four key UPA allies and this could lead to mid-term polls as they want to break ties with the ruling party.\"UPA is on the brink of a collapse as a large number of Congress allies want to break off. Congress has not been able to follow coalition dharma and this has made the allies unhappy,\" BJP vice-president Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi told reporters here.He claimed four of the UPA allies, who were earlier part of the NDA, were in touch with the BJP.\"These four parties are on deputation in the UPA. They did not have a good experience with Congress and were keen to part ways with it and are in touch with the NDA,\" he claimed.Naqvi, however, refused to name the parties.With this development there are clear signs that the country might have mid-term polls, Naqvi said, adding that Lok Sabha elections could be held along with the states where assembly polls are due in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12589144", "title": "Dowry stink in woman's death", "text": "HOWRAH: A 22-year-old homemaker suffered burn injuries under mysterious circumstances at her in-laws' house in Howrah's Nandibagan on Saturday. Later, the victim's family members lodged a complaint alleging that she used to be tortured physically and mentally by her father-in-law. Based on the complaint lodged by the victim's family members, police arrested Rajkumar Pandey, her father-in-law and a police constable, on Sunday. Rajkumar Pandey - a police constable - was arrested on Sunday.The family members alleged that the victim used to be tortured physically and mentally by her father-in-law.housewife, Anuska Pandey (22) who mysteriously suffered burn injuries on Saturday at her in-laws house at Howrah's Golabari's Nandibagan area in mysterious circumstances on Sunday. Her father-in-law Rajkumar Pandey, a police constable was arrested following a complaint made by the victim's family members that Anushka used to be physically and mentally tortured.Anuska Pandey hails from Uttar Pradesh, said police. She had got married a year and a half ago. It was after marriage that she came to Kolkata to live with her in-laws.Police said that the victim's father's house is at Uttar Pradesh. She got married an year and half ago.On Saturday, Anuska received burn injuries at her in-laws' house and was admitted to hospital. But she succumbed to her injuries on Sunday.Police have already started probe. They are trying to ascertain whether it is case of suicide or whether the young homemaker was murdered.Following her death, her family members lodged a complaint at Golabari police station against her father in law, alleging that she used to be mentally tortured by him. The police have arrested Rajkumar Pandey based on the complaint and a probe is on as to whether the victim committed suicide or whether she was killed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12589169", "title": "IIT students require better mentoring for mental stability'", "text": "CHENNAI: Kuldeep Yadav, a second-year civil engineering student at IIT-M, hanged himself from a ceiling fan in his room. Investigators said a problem in a personal relationship appeared to have prompted the student to end his life. This is the fourth suicide at IIT-M since February 2011.\"He spoke to the friend for around two and a half minutes starting at 8.56am and dialled the same number at 9.27am but the call was not answered,\" said the investigation officer. \"We believe that he hanged himself some time between 9.27am and %9.42 am.\"The Kotturpuram police registered a case of suicide and informed Yadav's father, Yasodhar Singh, about the incident. Students and teachers at IIT-M said Yadav was a good student. A faculty member who taught Yadav said he attended classes regularly. \"Yadav tended to be silent but always completed work assigned to him on time,\" he said, expressing shock at the incident.The faculty member said IIT courses are highly demanding and 85% attendance is necessary to be allowed to take the semester exams. \"We need much better mentoring systems to keep a check on the state of mind of students and their mental stability,\" he said. One of Yadav's friends said he maintained a low profile and used to post Hindi poems on his Facebook page. \"He was soft spoken and a brilliant student. It is hard to believe that he is dead,\" another friend said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590287", "title": "Azam-Bukhari feud enter day 3, Mulayam steps in", "text": "LUCKNOW: The war of words between senior Samajwadi Party leader Azam Khan and Syed Ahmad Bukhari, imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid continued for the third consecutive day on Sunday, as SP workers burnt effigies of Bukhari in different parts of the state, forcing SP supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav to jump into damage control mode. According to a senior SP leader, Mulayam took off for Delhi late on Sunday evening, fuelling speculations that he has gone to strike a truce with Bukhari.While on one hand Mulayam-Bukhari meet will add to the growing belief that SP supremo is offering a bit extra to the Imam, than his share as a SP sympathizer, on the other hand, it will put a question mark on Azam's standing within the party hierarchy.While the party leadership is tight-lipped on the issue, political analysts feel that this is a deliberate and conscious move of the party to deprive Azam of his clout as the leader of Muslims within the SP. Mulayam's open inclination towards Bukhari may go on to consolidate Azam's position in the eyes of the other Muslim leaders within the party. \"Everybody knows that Azam has been with Mulayam through thick and thin. Bukhari does not stand a chance in terms of political contribution towards the party,\" says a Muslim leader. \"So Bukhari being given more importance than Azam will surely consolidate the latter's position on sympathy grounds,\" he said.A diagonally opposite perception of the entire crisis is that it will help Azam Khan to emerge as a bigger Muslim leader by confronting Bukhari. This is because Azam has a following in Uttar Pradesh, but not beyond UP. By taking on Bukhari, he is sure to lap up the attention of the Bukhari detractors in Delhi and this may come in handy for Mulayam in the long-term, particularly in the light of the fact that SP's preparation for the 2014 general elections.It is not surprising that all eyes are set on any possible meeting between Mulayam and Bukhari in Delhi. \"It will also help to clear the dust over the issue. A clearer picture is likely to emerge once Mulayam is back from Delhi,\" say senior SP leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12589085", "title": "Excise boss Sharma next in line to be eased out?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The excise department which is caught in a game of compromises between the political bosses is now worried about the fate of commissioner Sameer Sharma. The fear in babudom is that after the ouster of anti-corruption bureau's (ACB) special investigation team (SIT) chief K Srinivas Reddy, Sharma could well be next in line to be shunted out.According to sources in the excise department, Sharma could be eased out as he doesn't suit the needs of the excise lobby that is now calling the shots in the government. Earlier, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy reportedly gave in to the transfer of Srinivas Reddy under alleged pressure from PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana who convinced the Congress high command that the raids on the liquor lobby was selective and should be put on hold. And, according to sources, Sharma's removal was also part of the compromise deal. Sources, however, hinted that Sharma too wants to leave his current job.While excise minister Mopidevi Venkatramana Rao appears keen to retain Sharma at least till the new liquor policy is formulated, sources close to the minister claimed that the CM was seriously considering transferring Sharma. When asked by TOI, Mopidevi said: \"General transfers are due to happen next month, but the transfer of commissioner is not under consideration. I think it is impractical to go for his transfer when the new excise policy is being formulated.\"While the excise policy is slated to be announced next month and the government is studying the models adopted by other states, what may have got the excise lobby's goat is Sharma's suggestion to have a system that gives government maximum control on liquor sale and also minimises the clout of private dealers.Officials favouring curbs on liquor syndicates are understood to have proposed a cap on the licencing fee so that dealers need not resort to selling liquor at rates more than the maximum retail price (MRP). They are also in favour of government selling quality liquor at cheaper rates so that poor consumers are not drawn to illicitly distilled liquor. These suggestions apparently have not gone down well with the politically powerful liquor lobby.Apart from the politics before and after the ACB raids, the government which talks of curbing liquor consumption has itself enhanced the target on liquor sales. The sales target that was around Rs 12,000 crore, including VAT for 2011-12, has been increased to Rs 16,000 crore for the fiscal year 2012-13. At the same time, the government has allocated Rs 50 crore to promote prohibition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12589126", "title": "Armymen rescue youths drowning in Hooghly", "text": "KOLKATA: A sudden rush of dare-devilry by four youngsters almost ended in tragedy, mid-stream in the Hooghly on Sunday afternoon. But thanks to some gallant armymen, the four friends lived to tell about their near-death experience.Soldiers Karamjit Singh, S B Korey, Raju Prajapati and R Kushwha jumped into the river and swam out to the four youths who were already gulping water and wouldn't have lasted a minute longer. It was all in a day's work for the armymen but those who witnessed the rescue aren't likely to forget it. The Hooghly was in tide and there were strong currents dragging them under.Bally residents Saurav De, Prabir Banerjee, Ayan Bhowmik and Debesh Mandal were bathing at Dawangachi ghat when they suddenly decided to swim the entire width of the river and reach Dakshineswar on the other side. Saurav is a teenager waiting for his Madhyamik results. The others are graduation students. They are friends and neighbours in the Ramnabamitala locality, barely a kilometer from the ghat.It seemed like fun at first but when they reached mid-stream they realized that high tide had surged in. The river had swollen and they found it more and more difficult to swim. By the time they realized they were being swept away, it was impossible to even shout for help.Fortunately, four jawans on lookout duty at the Dakshineswar Army camp spotted them. Without wasting even a second, they grabbed their life jackets and jumped into the river. It took about 10 minutes of hard swimming to reach the drowning youths. Each soldier took hold of one youngster and battled the currents to pull them to safety.Korey, who seemed embarrassed to be called a hero, said: \"We were on duty, keeping a watch on the ghat, when we saw some youths gasping for breath in the water. They seemed to be in trouble. We took our jackets and jumped into the river. By the time we reached them, they were very tired and unable to swim any more\".The four were taken to the Army camp and given cups of warm milk while their families were informed.Around this time, some jawans of the 236 IWT OP unit Dakshineswar Army camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12590036", "title": "Asif Ali Zardari, Manmohan Singh hope to take trade route to better ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: One of the most engaging theories doing the rounds at PM Manmohan Singh's luncheon meeting with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari was the two countries agreeing to an \"India-China template\" for carrying their relationship forward. According to government sources, this idea emanated from Zardari who told Singh at the lunch that despite the differences between India and China, their economic ties were going up.Zardari indicated, sources said, that the same model could help improve relations between India and Pakistan as well. This followed the 40-minute meeting between the two leaders in which Singh, sources said, spoke at length about taking the economic partnership between India and Pakistan to an altogether new level, even though he did not offer any power or energy sops to Islamabad.Zardari's comments over lunch can only be music to Indian ears with New Delhi actually pitching for the same trade-dominated model despite Islamabad remaining indifferent, caught as it has always been in flogging the \"core'' issue of Kashmir. The two leaders discussed the idea of broadening the agenda for their economic partnership in terms of bilateral trade and investment.Singh, in fact, expressed appreciation of the fact that Pakistan had moved forward on trade-related issues. \"Both leaders felt that we should tap into the considerable potential of bilateral economic and trade ties. The issue has been discussed by the commerce ministers and commerce secretaries, and there is a way forward which has already been identified,\" foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said.As they discussed Pakistan's impending MFN status to India, the two leaders also acknowledged the importance of signing the agreement for liberalizing business visas. The commerce secretaries of the two countries had arrived at the decision in their meeting last year.Mathai said the two leaders were determined to use the potential of regional cooperation for the economic development of people of both countries. \"The leaders also felt that priority needed to be given to issues of people-to-people contacts. In this context, they decided that a liberalized visa agreement, which has been worked out, should be signed during the next meeting of the home/interior secretaries,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12588723", "title": "Minors claiming to be kin of minister \u2018thrash\u2019 guard", "text": "GURGAON: A private security guard posted at Janpratinidhi Apartment in DLF-IV was allegedly abused and beaten up by two minors who claimed to be the relatives of a minister in the state cabinet.The incident took place on Sunday evening and the security guard has lodged a complaint with the Sector 29 police. The victim, Moti Lal, in his written complaint has mentioned that the duo came in a car. As soon as he stopped the car from entering the residential complex that was especially built for sitting and former MLAs of Haryana, the two boys came out and started arguing with him.\"The guard told the two boys that he was only doing his job - checking the car before allowing them enter the residential complex. The two boys asked him how he could stop their car since they were regulars to this apartment. The guard has claimed that they dropped the name of a minister and claimed that they were his relatives,\" said a police officer who did not wish to be named.After this incident, the minor beat up the guard and fled from the spot. The SHO of Sector 29 police station confirmed that they received such a complaint. \"There were two minors involved in the incident. We are investigating the matter although it is not that serious,\" said an investigator.However, the police officers did not confirm whether the minors were relative of the particular minister. \"We can give details only after the investigation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589375", "title": "Dacoit, five aides held", "text": "BANGALORE: Organized Crime Wing sleuths of the Central Crime Branch on Saturday night arrested six miscreants, including a notorious dacoit, while they were conspiring to execute a plan near the Indiranagar RTO office.The accused are Nagendra alias Shiva Nagendra 25 of HAL, A Ismail 23 of Annasandrapalya, S Murthy (28) of Indiranagar, R Vinod 23 of Marathalli, R William 18, of HAL and K Brijesh 19, of Bharathinagar. Two two-wheelers, cash worth Rs 45,000, and lethal weapons were recovered from them. Two other accused in the case, Rama and Shashi, managed to escape, CCB sleuths said.The accused have confessed to a robbery where they had snatched away a bag with Rs 2.5 lakh cash from an Airtel employee while he was going to deposit the money in a bank in Indiranagar on March 28.Among the arrested, Nagendra is involved in a murder case and eight dacoity cases registered in HAL, Electronics City, Mysore, Hunsur, Ramnagar and Channapatna police stations. Vinod is an accused in an attempt to murder case filed with HAL police station. Indiranagar police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12589002", "title": "Miscreants strike as bandobust ends", "text": "HYDERABAD: The heavy police bandobust put in place for Hanuman Jayanthi in the sensitive areas of the Old City was quickly withdrawn the day after the festival, giving miscreants an opportunity to stir up communal tension in the Old City.Till Hanuman Jayanthi, a strong force of 10,000 police personnel was manning the streets of the city and police pickets were in place at several sensitive areas. Even at the place of worship in Kurmaguda, which was desecrated on Sunday, there was a police picket. But immediately after the Hanuman Jayanthi rally, the police force dispersed and contingents from other districts returned, pickets were removed. Police officers and lower-rung staff were exhausted with continuous bandobust since Milad-un-Nabi. After the Hanuman Jayanthi rally ended peacefully, some personnel even went on leave.A senior Hyderabad police officer, requesting anonymity, said they were expecting minor troubles after the withdrawal of force, but not on the scale witnessed on Sunday. \"Normally, every time after the withdrawal of force following big festivals, minor communal disturbances get reported. We anticipated them this time too, but we were not prepared for the violence which rocked Saidabad and Madannapet,\" a Task Force officer said.G Sudarshan, a resident of Kurmaguda where the incident took place, told TOI that the act was definitely done by locals. He said that the area was communally sensitive and even last year there was a problem during Hanuman Jayanthi.\"Only locals, who know the area well, can gather courage to quickly desecrate the place of worship aimed at creating tension. Outsiders cannot plan it with such precision. Police should have continued with the police picket for some more days to prevent such a situation,\" he added.Following the incident, police have put up pickets on both side of the road leading to the religious place and all officers, including a deputy commissioner of police, who had gone on leave, were asked to report back to duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12589145", "title": "Asif Ali Zardari owes me a rupee: Omar Abdullah", "text": "Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah on Sunday said he would claim a rupee from Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari.\"Zardari owes me a rupee because when I met him in Pakistan before he became the president, he had promised that on a future visit to India he will come to Kashmir. I bet him a rupee that he wouldn't be able to. So the next time I see him I will claim that rupee,\" Omar told a TV channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590288", "title": "Autorickshaw strike postponed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Autorickshaw drivers in the city, who are demanding subsidized CNG or a hike in fares, have put off their call to strike till April 16. The decision was taken in a meeting of several autorickshaw unions on Sunday.Autorickshaw drivers' unions have been agitating in response to a recent increase in CNG prices in the state. The drivers submitted a memorandum to the office of the state transport commissioner demanding hike in fares on April 2. They had, at that time, decided to go on strike if they failed to receive the transport department's acquiescence within a week of the memorandum's submission. The drivers, however, on Sunday, decided to postpone their strike; they could not hold a meeting with the state transport commissioner, J P Gupta.\"We have been told by the commissioner's office that he is on leave and will be back April 15,\" said president of Ahmedabad Auto Rickshaw Chalak Sangharsh Samiti, Harihar Mishra. \"So we will discuss our demands when he is back. If the official does not accept our conditions, then the autorickshaw drivers' unions will hold a meeting the next day to take a decision about the strike.\"The samiti has demanded that the minimum fare be hiked to Rs 15 from Rs 11. It has also demanded that drivers be allowed to charge Rs 10 per unit of luggage from their passengers if the total weight of the luggage exceeds 10 kg. The drivers are also demanding that the calculation of the cost of CNG at filling stations be rounded up to rupees as there is always a shortage of change. \"As an alternative to these demands we are appealing to the government to provide subsidy for CNG for autorikshaw drivers so that we don't have to increase the fare,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12588829", "title": "Land grab: HC asks police to probe complaint against ex-minister", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai Bench of the Madras high court has directed the district crime branch police, Karur, to complete an inquiry into a complaint against former minister Karur Chinnasamy in connection with the grabbing of a property at a prime locality near Karur. M. Chinnasamy was minister during an AIADMK regime and then switched side to the DMK. He is presently secretary of the DMK agricultural wing.Justice C T Selvam gave the order on a criminal original petition filed in the bench by S Gnanasekaran, buyer of the land in question seeking to register a case against the former minster and his family for allegedly threatening him to part with the prime property. Gnanasekaran alleged that in 2007, he entered into an agreement with one Murugesan, Karthikeyan and Sasikala for purchasing land measuring 7.8 acres. He also paid an advance amount. Thereafter, the said agreement was duly registered in the sub-registrar's office, Karur.The petitioner further said the value of the said land increased after the four-lane road laid by the National Highways Authority of India. Whileso, Chinnasamy, ex-minister and now DMK leader, and his son Murali and their relatives conspired together with an intention to grab the property, and abducted Murugesan, insisting upon him to sell the properties to them, he alleged.Gnanasekaran alleged that they had contacted him through phone and insisted that he revoke the sale agreement. When he refused to revoke it, they abducted the vendor and obtain a sale deed in favour of one Suresh in 2008.The petitioner contended that on November 17, 2011, he lodged complaint before SP, Karur in this regard. But till date there was no progress in the investigation. The police refused to initiate action against the accused. Hence he filed the present petition seeking a direction to register a complaint against the proposed accused.toimadurai@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12588503", "title": "Rare scaly thrush sighted in Nagzira sanctuary", "text": "NAGPUR: The 153 sq km Nagzira wildlife sanctuary in Gondia district has sprung another surprise with sighting of a rare bird specie - Scaly Thrush - that is perhaps the first record in the protected area.On February 29, mouse deer, a little known species that is vanishing fast, was sighted by wildlife lover Sunil Dhote from Gondia and a section of tourists around 6.30pm on February 29 near Wakda-Berda water hole.The Scaly Thrush was sighted by senior lawyer and wildlife lover CS Kaptan near 'Madhu-Kunj' adjoining the Nagzira lake around 11am on April 6.\"The bird first hopped into the window and moved on the ground. I could take several pictures of the bird before it flew to a large tree nearby and then disappeared,\" Kaptan said.According to Richard Grimmett Scaly Thrush, scientific name Zoothera Dauma, has records in Himalayas , hills of North-East, Western India and Sri Lanka . During winter it migrates to Orissa.Its presence in this part is rare. It is beautiful with spots all over the body. It's size is slightly larger or equal to that of a myna. Grimmett records its size as 26-27cm.Another book on national parks and sanctuaries authored by Pratibha Pande makes a mention of 172 bird species in Nagzira but Scaly Thrush figure in it.Lawyer and wildlife buff Kartik N Shukul said, \"Sighting of Scaly Thrush has added another feather to the cap of Nagzira. Earlier, it was a mouse deer and caracal in Navegaon National Park under the Gondia wildlife division.\"\"This part of the forest keeps throwing surprises at us - from the loris to caracal and more recently the mouse deer. The list of unexpected sightings is growing day by day,\" Shukul said.\"Going by the records, sighting of Scaly Thrush is probably the first of its kind from Central India and Maharashtra. The rareness about the bird has even been confirmed by expert from the city Dr Tarique Sani,\" Shukul said.\"So far as the records go, I'm pretty sure that this is the only photograph of this bird from the region,\" he added.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12589351", "title": "Supreme Court will decide on Khalil Chisti, P Chidambaram tells Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government sources said the issue of ailing 80-year-old Pakistani microbiologist Khalil Chisti, lodged in a Rajasthan jail, figured during the lunch hosted by PM Manmohan Singh for Pakistani president Asif Zardari.It is learnt that Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik referred to the issue during his interaction with home minister P Chidambaram. Sources said Chidambaram conveyed to the Pakistanis that Chisti's case was before the Supreme Court and any action taken by the government would hinge on the court's decision.The Pakistani doctor was given a life term on January 31, 2011 by a trial court for a murder in Ajmer in 1992. The doctor, born in Ajmer to a prosperous family of caretakers of the Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti shrine, was studying in Pakistan at the time of partition in 1947.He didn't return to his family in Ajmer till he came to visit his ailing mother in 1992. Chishti allegedly killed a man after a fight over some dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12590566", "title": "No change yet in Mayawati's policing system in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: More than two weeks after Akhilesh Yadav restored zonal policing system in Uttar Pradesh, Lucknow and Kanpur still continue to have DIG level officer as the police chief. A week after assuming office, Akhilesh through a government order issued on March 21 scrapped the policing system introduced by Mayawati.Maya had scrapped the zonal policing system in February 2009.In Lucknow, DIG Ashutosh Pandey replaced DK Thakur immediately after Akhilesh Yadav became chief minister while Amitabh Yash was made DIG Kanpur.The question arises is who is looking after DIG (range) work in Lucknow and Kanpur. Talking to TOI, IG Lucknow Subhash Chandra said: \"As of now, I am looking after the work of DIG (range).\" DIG Lucknow Ashutosh Pandey also confirmed the same and said: \"At present, the range is inclusive in zone.\"Sources said at senior police level there are talks that for cities like Lucknow and Kanpur an experienced IPS officer should be posted as SSP. So, is the government unable to find such an officer? Those at the senior level are not ready to accept this also.Sources said one of the two senior IPS officers is interested in continuing as DIG till the time he is promoted as IG. However, the departmental promotion committee which should have taken up these promotions by now, is yet to hold a meeting in this regard.Sources added that a section of IPS officers is keen on delaying the committee meeting so that Lucknow and Kanpur can continue to have DIG as police chiefs.While advocating for the restoration of zonal policing, many IPS officers had pleaded that the system was effective in maintaining law and order in the districts on the grounds that there were more senior and experienced officers from ASP to IG level to supervise the policing.If this was the case, why Lucknow and Kanpur have less effective system of policing? It is still not clear till when Lucknow and Kanpur will follow the system introduced by Mayawati government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12589776", "title": "Expansion plans for vocational training of jail inmates", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) has decided to expand its Secondarisation of Vocational Educations (SVE) at its study centers in jails in the state.\"We want to extend such course in the study centers in different jails,\" said NIOS regional director Rushikesh Rath here. There are four study centers in jails at Berhampur, Choudwar, Balasore and Bhubaneswar. NIOS plans to open study centers in 12 more prisons soon, Rath saidNIOS plans to impart vocational training in mobile phone repair, electric and other areas to prisoners. Anyone above 14 years of age can enroll in the open schools, Rath said. \"Our main objective is to enable prisoners to eke out a decent living after their release from jails. When they are empowered by skill development, they will naturally refrain from coming back to the world of crime,\" he said. The main target groups in jails are dropouts, he added.The NIOS conducts biannual examinations in April and October each year. At present, examinations are on at 53 centers, including a centre at circle jail, Berhampur, for secondary (Class X) and senior secondary (Plus II) students, numbering over 9,950.The examination centre was opened in Berhampur circle jail for the first time, where 23 inmates, including four women are appearing the examination.The examination in the jail which started from Saturday, would continue till April 27, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12590116", "title": "Lokayukta judge is Namma Bengalurean of the Year", "text": "BANGALORE: Special Lokayukta court judge N K Sudhindra Rao, who admitted a host of anti-corruption complaints against men and women in power and also sent a former chief minister to jail, was adjudged Bengalurean of the Year 2011 during the Namma Bengaluru awards presented here on Saturday.With scandals and exposes hogging headlines, three of the nine awards instituted in memory of the founder of Bengaluru, Kempe Gowda, went to anti-corruption crusaders.The institution of Lokayukta, whose exploits have had the entire nation sit up and take notice of the developments in the state, was presented with Namma Bengaluru award under the government organization category.Bureaucrat U V Singh, who played a prominent role in the preparation of the Lokayukta's voluminous report on illegal mining in the state, was bestowed the award under the government employee category.Other winners of Namma Bengaluru Awards 2011 are Uday Vijayan (citizen category), Karunashraya and Solid Waste Management Round Table (organi s at i o n / g ro u p s ) , pourkarmika Lakshamma (government employee) SAAHAS Zero Waste Solutions (social entrepreneur ) and MLA Krishna Byre Gowda (elected representative ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588953", "title": "Hafiz Saeed\u2019s name cropped up in talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Briefing journalists on the meeting between Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and President Asif Ali Zardari , foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said the two leaders discussed the problem of terrorism, which is a major issue by which the Indian people will judge progress in the bilateral relations.\"The PM told the president that it was imperative to bring the perpetrators of the 26/11 attacks to justice, and prevent activities aimed against India from Pakistani soil. In this context, the PM also mentioned Hafiz Saeed.\" Expectedly, Zardari referred the matter to the two governments. However, Zardari also said that Saeed had been arrested several times but the courts released him every time for lack of evidence. He asked India to provide evidence against Saeed.Zardari raised the issue of J&K;, leading the PM to say that steps for resolution of the dispute will have to move in tandem with what Islamabad does to meet India's concerns about terrorism. The two agreed that the issue of terrorism will be taken up along with disputes over Siachen and Sir Creek during the coming meeting of home secretaries.The absence of Sonia Gandhi from the lunch was felt acutely. \"With her absence, she has compelled Manmohan Singh to rein in his enthusiasm, because they are not sure how such an initiative will be received by Indians. As political head of the Congress party, I think she is wary of getting into another Sharm-el Sheikh position,\" Pakistan analyst B Raman said.Former special secretary in RAW Rana Banerji agreed, saying, \"Her absence is significant.\"Despite the positive vibes on display, the outcome conformed to the government's own sober assessment that the Zardari visit could be best described as \"what you saw was what you got\". Both sides reiterated their stated positions and the PM refused to be pinned to a date for a return visit. Read along with Mathai's comments, this signified that the visit would happen only after certain well-established benchmarks are met. G Parthasarathy, former envoy to Pakistan, described the visit as \"much ado about nothing\".Emerging from the meeting, the PM said, \"President Zardari has invited me to visit Pakistan. I would be very happy to visit Pakistan on a mutually convenient date.\" Just a couple of weeks ago, Singh told Pakistani PM Yousaf Raza Gilani in Seoul that he would go to Pakistan when they had achieved \"something solid\".Explaining that there was no qualitative change in the PM's stand, foreign office sources said that though there was no dossier given, the PM was very clear that Pakistan would have to take steps to bring the Mumbai attackers to justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12596516", "title": "It's hard to play lead roles: Ganja Karuppu", "text": "This comedian sure doesn't believe in false modesty, and at the same time seems to be clearly aware of his limitations as an actor as well.\"Comedy has always been my forte, ever since Bala 'sir' (director of Pithamagan) offered me a role in Pithamagan back in 2003, and I have etched my name in the industry as a comedian over the last nine years,\" comedian Ganja Karuppu says.In the city to shoot for Ruthran's Vetri Selvan recently, the comedian says that while he sticks to the director's vision while working on his comic lines, he also improvises in parts. \"The director's vision is the most important in any film, but I try to improvise my lines within the parameters of the director's vision,\" he points out.Having also played the lead role in a couple of films, he confesses that it pushed him out of his comfort zone.\"It was very difficult for me to last the entire film as a hero, and it is when I played the lead in Arai En 305-il Kadavul alongside Santhanam in 2008 that I realized how difficult it really is,\" he explains.He also stresses that confidence is the key to becoming a successful comedian.\"I have been a judge on the popular comedy show Asathapovathu Yaaru, and while there is a lot of comic talent around, many of them are unable to pull off comedy on stage, as they lack in confidence. You must be able to carry your own even if you are acting opposite stalwarts like MGR or Rajnikanth,\" he advises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12588985", "title": "Pharma executive found dead in housing complex", "text": "KOLKATA: An executive of a pharmaceutical major was found dead under mysterious circumstances on the ground behind his east Kolkata apartment near Kasba off EM Bypass early on Sunday. Police are waiting for the autopsy report to confirm the nature of death. Police suspect the victim fell from a height.The victim, Sarsiz Tewari, 32, originally hailed from Aligunge of Lucknow in UP. For the past eight months, Tewari used to stay alone in the first-floor flat of the housing complex, his neighbours said. On Saturday, like any other day, the victim returned from work at around 8pm.At around 6.15am on Sunday, a security guard of the complex first spotted Tewari lying in a pool of blood on the ground behind the apartment. The guard alerted other residents who then informed Garpha police station. Cops rushed to the spot and initiated a probe.After speaking to neighbours and security guards, police said that Tewari returned to the apartment in his black car, like other days. The victim also spoke to some of his neighbours over the phone and they found nothing abnormal or different in him. Neighbours also told police that the victim was a bachelor and was never seen to consume alcohol.On questioning the security guards, police came to know that Tewari was found dead in the same clothes that he was seen wearing the previous night when he returned home.Police checked the victim's apartment and found some untouched food. But neither did they find any trace of alcohol or any other toxic substance in the flat, nor did they find evidence of any other person's presence.An executive of a pharmaceutical major has been found dead early on Sunday in a mysterious circumstance on the ground behind his posh east Kolkata apartment off EM Bypass near Kasba.Sarsiz Tewari, the 32-year-old executive was originally from Aligunge of Lucknow in UP. He used to stay alone at the first floor flat of the housing complex for past eight months, say his neighbours. Like other day he returned around 8 pm on Saturday.Early on Sunday, around 6.15 am, a security guard of the complex first spotted him lying in a pool of blood. He informed other residents who found him dead. Police from Garpha police station rushed to the spot and yet to conclude the nature of death.After speaking to the neighbours of the victim and the security guards, police said that he came back to the apartment driving his black car like other days. After returning, he even spoke to some of his neighbours over phone and till then nothing abnormality was noticed in him.The security guards of the building confirmed that he was found dead in the same dress what he was wearing on previous night, when he returned home. Police found some untouched food stuff in his flat, but there was no evidence of any other person's presence.Neighbours said that he was a bachelor and never was seen to consume alcohol. Police also confirmed that no alcohol or any other toxic substance was found in his flat.After initial probe police suspect that the cause of his death could be due to a fall. After initial probe police claimed that his basic cause of death is due to fall from height.\"His legs were fractured and the nature suggests that he fell from height,\" said an investigator. Police suspect that the victim probably went to the terrace of the five-storied building and either fell down from there or committed suicide. No suicide note was however found. from there he either fell down or committed suicide. Police said that no suicide note has been found with him.Police have ruled out any foul play. \"After post mortem we will be able to confirm the nature of the death,\" said an officer. Neighbours, however, claimed that they never found Tewari being depressed. had a good terms with the victim and never they saw Tewari depressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12590433", "title": "'Advanced radiation therapies effective in treating tumor'", "text": "JAIPUR: More than 300 cancer specialists from India and abroad discussed intensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT) and stereotactic radiation therapy at the Neuro-Onco summit 2012 in Jaipur on Sunday.Stereotactic radiation therapy is an improved and high-precision form of radiotherapy, which delivers concentrated radiation only on the tumor and not on other parts of the brain.The specialists discussed technological advances and challenges in treatment of cancer and brain tumor.New York University Medical Centre, scientific director (gamma knife programme), Prof (Dr) Ashwatha Narayana while speaking on technical advances in radiation therapy said that through IMRT doctors can give increased doses of radiotherapy to treat tumor without affecting other parts of the brain.Director (oncology) of a cancer institute in Hyderabad, Prof (Dr) Vijay Anand Reddy said that small tumors can be destroyed by stereotactic radiation therapy, which enables a doctor to give focused high dose on small area.Cancer specialist Dr Sunil Gupta said doses of Temozolomide when accompanied with radiation increase the chances of curing tumor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12588983", "title": "At Ajmer dargah, Asif Ali Zardari finds \u2018spiritual happiness\u2019", "text": "AJMER: President Asif Ali Zardari during his visit to the Ajmer dargah on Sunday wrote in the notebook of the anjuman, Dargah committee: \"Is mukkadas mukaam par aakar mujhe jo roohani khushi mili hai, woh nakaabile bayaan hai. Allah taala se dua hai ke tamaam insaniyat ke liye asaaniya paida kare (I find spiritual happiness after coming to this holy place, which is beyond description. I pray to Allah to create favorable conditions for humanity).\" He signed off: \"Asif Ali Zardari, sadr-mumalkat, Islamic Jamhuria Pakistan .\"Mehran and Zeeshan, the sons of Iqbal Kaptan who had prayed for Benazir Bhutto in 2005, performed ziyarat for Zardari and Bilawal. Benazir had come to Ajmer for thanksgiving after her husband Zardari was released from jail. He had accompanied her then. \"The president was very calm during the prayers inside the sanctum sanctorum. He read out verses from the Quran aloud. His son Bilawal, too, felt solace at the dargah visited by his mother thrice ,\" said Syed Iqbal Kaptan.Wearing blue salwar kameez and a Sindhi topi, Zardari and his son drove to the Dargah in a black Mercedes Benz from the Ghooghra helipad where they landed in a chopper from Jaipur's Sanganer airport. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot had welcomed the president there.The father-son duo and the 40-member Pakistani delegation spent around 20 minutes at the mausoleum and left the shrine minutes before the muezzin called for azaan. They left the shrine as it's mandatory for a Muslim to offer namaz once he has heard the azaan. \"But organizing namaz for the president would have been daunting as one can't restrain anybody from offering prayers,\" said an anjuman member.The anjuman committee gifted a silver replica of the dargah sharif, two chadars to the president and a 'duanama' wishing him health, peace and prosperity. The two chadars presented to Zardari would be offered at two Pakistan-based shrines of the Chistiya order: Hazrat Khwaja Fariduddin Ganjshakar in Pak Pattan and Hazrat Data Ganj Baksh in Lahore where Khwaja Gharib Nawaz had prayed for 40 days before reaching Ajmer.Ajmer authorities goof up on passesThe Ajmer administration has goofed-up in issuing the entry passes to Dargah Dewan, hereditary staff members and Shiekh Zadgan members during President Asif Ali Zardari's visit. These bodies alleged that the authorities broke the centuries old custom by preventing them from entering the shrine. Dargah dewan Syed Zainual Aabedin didn't turn up to receive Zardari at the main gate as he was not given a valid pass for the entire dargah sharif. The hereditary staff was appointed by emperor Akbar for performing duties in religious ceremonies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12590360", "title": "Direct feeder stations proposed from power sub-stations", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an attempt to ensure that frequent power outages do not affect drinking water supply from pumping stations, direct feeder stations are have been proposed from the nearest power sub stations at the Kurichi- Kuniamuthur- Kinnathukkadavu combined water scheme.Presently, six diesel generators have been installed at these stations to ensure that atleast one of the electric motor functions during power cut and water can be drawn at least to 50% of the capacity and supplied to the nearby areas that are facing acute water shortage in the summer months.The proposals are being studied and cleared after detailed consultation between the Tamil Nadu Water Supply and Drainage Board, Tamil Nadu Electricity Board and Coimbatore corporation.As per the draft proposals, TNEB is expected to opt for both overhead and underground cables to supply power to these pumping stations. At a joint meeting of the top officials of these bodies held at the city corporation headquarters, Mayor SM Velusamy had instructed the TWAD and TNEB officials to speed up the proposals and submit it for clearance from the government.Direct feeder stations were initially proposed at Athupollachi, Atchipatti, Kurichi, Kuniamuthur, Kinnathukkadavu andThirunagar colony pumping stations.The direct feeder station is to ensure that supply of water from Aliyar river through the scheme does not get disrupted during the power cut in the area. However, direct feeder station will not be installed at Atchipatti as it has been deemed non feasible due to technical reasons.\"As of now direct power feeder stations for Kurichi and Kuniamuthur pumping stations have been submitted and is expected to be finalised later this week,\" said a senior official involved in the process.According to sources, Kurichi will be connected to the power grid at SIDCO sub station at an estimated cost of Rs 28 lakh and the cables will be laid fully overhead. Kinnathukkadavu pumping station will be drawing direct power from Kinnathukkadavu sub station but the feasibility of the project is being scrutinised as the cables will have to be drawn with requisite clearance from National Highway Authority of India.\"The direct feeder station to Thirunagar colony was rejected by the corporation claiming that it will not be viable to install it. The initial plan was to link it with the power substation at Madhukkarai,\" said another official.The officials also added that the direct feeder station at Athupollachi will be jointly setup along with that two other schemes, the Suleeswaranpatti water scheme and the North Pollachi, South Pollachi, Kudimangalam combined water scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587779", "title": "Residents of China Kothi area refuse to vacate land", "text": "PATNA: Residents of China Kothi area under Buddha Colony police station on Sunday held demonstration and squatted right in the middle of the road to thwart the attempt of the court officials to vacate a piece of land on which they are living.Seeing the situation going out of hand, the court officials, including the nazir, sought assistance from the police.On getting information, the Sadar SDO, SDPO (law and order) and the SHO, Buddha Colony police station, reached there and pacified the residents.A local resident, Raj Kumar , said that several families have been living there for the past 100 years on the land owned by one Mahant Ramkishun Das of Dadar Mandi, Patna City. He said that their forefathers had made payments for their stay on the land. He said that things were normal till 2007. Kumar said that one Laxman Das, who claimed that he was the successor of Ramkishun after his death, filed a petition in the Supreme Court (SC) for vacating the plot and the verdict went in his favour.SDPO L N Sharma said that the SC has given its verdict in the favour of Laxman. He said that the local police had to intervene as law and order problem had cropped up.Youth detained: The Dulhin Bazar police on Sunday detained a youth, Vijendra Kumar, a resident of Harpura village, for passing lewd comment on a woman at a tempo stand.The police said that Kumar was in an inebriated condition. The police said that the woman raised an alarm drawing the attention of the locals, who caught the youth.On getting information, the local police reached there and detained the youth for interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12588804", "title": "Woman dies in freak mishap", "text": "MADURAI: A 24-year-old woman succumbed to burn injuries near Madurai on Saturday night, after a kerosene lamp fell on her on April 5.Since the woman had got married barely ten months ago, an inquiry has been initiated by the revenue divisional officer to probe if there were any other reasons for her death. Police said that the woman was lying down when the lamp fell on her, setting her sari on fire which killed her.Police said that Sarasu (24) daughter of Chinna Alagu of Velayuthampatti near Kottampatti had married Sivanesan from the same locality ten months ago. On April 5, all the family members went to bed when the power supply was disconnected. Sarasu lit a kerosene lamp, left it in the bedroom and went to sleep around 10 pm. Minutes later, the lamp fell down on her and the bottle holding kerosene shattered. \"It was a relatively big lamp and there was about half a litre of kerosene in it. The fuel spilled on her and immediately set her sari ablaze. Before she could seek help or put off the fire she was completely engulfed in the fire,'' said a police officer.Family members and neighbours rushed her to a nearby hospital and then to the Government Rajaji Hospital where she was admitted in the burns ward and administered intensive care. However, she had suffered severe burns and there was no improvement in her condition. \"Her internal organs had also suffered from the fire and the organs started failing one after the other on Saturday night,'' said a police officer. Postmortem was performed and the body was handed over to the relatives on Sunday.Police said that investigations had revealed that it was an accident and that there was no suspicion of foul play in her death. However, since an RDO enquiry was mandatory if a woman died within a year after her marriage, a probe in this regard has been ordered.This is second such incident in Madurai. On April 3, a 10-year-old boy was killed and three of his family members in Madurai were injured when the chimney lamp in their house exploded when the boy's father attempted to light it with petrol.Police said that the deceased was Prakash (10) son of Muthu (48), a daily wage labourer from Nedungulam near Avaniapuram in the city. Muthu, his wife Banu and four year old daughter Soundarya sustained burn injuries and are being admitted in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12595644", "title": "Bharti Airtel launches 4G tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bharti Airtel is likely to launch broadband wireless access (BWA) services based on 4G technology in Kolkata tomorrow, expected to be inaugurated by Telecom Minister Kapil Sibal.\"The company has requested Telecom Minister Kapil Sibal to launch the service. He is expected to be there tomorrow,\" a source said.Airtel has roped in Chinese telecom equipment maker ZTE to plan, design, supply and deploy its BWA network in Kolkata. It has potential to provide download speeds of around 100 Megabits per second when an user is on the move, and can go up to 1 Gigabits per second at a fixed location.The telecom major has appointed Nokia Siemens Networks (NSN) for building and operating network in the Maharashtra circle using TD-LTE -- one of the 4G technologies.With the launch in Kolkata, Airtel will become the first company to start 4G wireless services in the country. The company had won BWA spectrum in 2010 for four telecom circles -- Kolkata, Maharashtra, Punjab and Karnataka and had paid Rs 3,314.36 crore.The company was allocated 20 Mhz of BWA spectrum in 2.3 Ghz frequency band which is considered suitable for transmitting signals for operating 4G services.In the same auction, Reliance Infotel (then Infotel Broadband Services) had won a 20 Mhz slot pan-India BWA spectrum for Rs 12,847.71 crore but the company is yet to announce its plan for rolling out services.Qualcomm , Tikona, Aircel and Augere have also won BWA spectrum in some circles. Public sector companies BSNL and MTNL were allocated one slot of BWA spectrum in their respective circles on payment of amount equivalent to the highest bidder in the service area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12590569", "title": "Two hurt as govt flat ceiling collapses", "text": "PANAJI: The portion of a ceiling at a government residential flat at Altinho in Panaji, collapsed, injuring two girls who were working in the kitchen on Sunday morning.The PWD has called for a meeting on Monday to identify old government buildings and to start repair works. PWD principal chief engineer, J S Rego said, \"We will repair the slab. In fact, we have started the repair of all old buildings and I have called a meeting tomorrow (Monday) to identify the old buildings.\"Panaji police said that the portion of the ceiling collapsed in the 'C' type flat on the ground floor and fell on two girls - Gauri Shetye and Kiran Shetye.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590076", "title": "Man killed in accident", "text": "A 48-year-old man died on the spot and his wife was injured when his two-wheeler rammed a stationary trailer at Kasarwadi on Friday afternoon. The victim, Mubin Maqsood Shah Biyabani of Pune Camp, was riding with his wife, Anis (41), who sustained a fracture on the hand, and daughter Mehroon, who escaped with minor injuries. The police are investigating the case.Domestic help booked for theftThe Nigdi police have booked a domestic help for allegedly stealing Rs 2 lakh and a motorcycle worth Rs 40,000 belonging to his employer around 7.30 pm on Wednesday. Pawan Lodha of Nigdi Pradhikaran has registered a police complaint in the regard. The police have launched a hunt for the suspect, Swarup Dhakar, from Rajasthan.Youth thrashedA gang of unidentified youths thrashed an 18-year-old youth with sticks and ransacked five vehicles parked on the roadside near Shaniwarwada late on Saturday night. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Nilesh Salve with the Vishrambaug police station. The police have booked three suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "12591427", "title": "India's launches its first integrated check post at Attari", "text": "ATTARI: India on Sunday soft launched its first Integrated Check Post (ICP) at Attari international land border. Three buses parked at the Zero Line picked up the passengers arriving from Pakistan and dropped them at passenger terminals at the post where they were provided with state of the art immigration and custom facilities in a friendly atmosphere.The formal inauguration of the ICP is slated for April 13. A 32-member delegation of the Faislabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry (FCCI), Pakistan, arrived in India to explore new markets in the country and give a boost to trade between the two nations during the trial run of the ICP.Talking to TOI , Abdul Queum, former president of Fsaid, \"It is a lucky day, as not only have both the nations broken the ice and moved forward to provide better trading facilities but senior leaders of both the countries are also meeting today (Sunday).\"He said that strengthening economic ties would not only make both the nations economically strong but would also help improve people to people contact. \"Giving MFN status to India is now just a matter of time, besides the negative list would also go when trade will pick up between the two countries,\" he added.Chairman of FCCI, Jamail Ahmad said FCCI was honoured to be the first trade delegation from Pakistan to have arrived in India on the soft launch of ICP. He said both countries had wide markets and if wisely explored there were immense opportunities for businessmen of both nations. \"Preparations for leaving for India was like a festival in Faislabad as many of the delegates have their roots in India, even my grandfather lived in Amritsar,\" he said.He said the business delegates from Pakistan were hopeful that the meeting of Pakistani president Asif Ali Zardari and Indian Prime Minster Manmohan Singh would be a milestone in the relations of the two nations. Abidullaha Sheikh, another business delegate said that he was impressed to see huge infrastructure at the ICP.\"At least the Pakistani visitors would go back with a good impression,\" he added. \"Sath sath dosti bhi chalegi aur tijarat bhi chalegi\" (Friendship and business will go side by side), said Pakistani businessmen Mohammad Nawaz.Deputy Commissioner, Customs, R K Duggal said that during the soft launch on Sunday they only allowed passengers to enter ICP through the new gates constructed on the border from where they were ferried to the passenger terminals by buses. From Monday onwards he said they would have the trial run of carrying cargo through the new gates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589427", "title": "Now, BS Yeddyurappa's gaddi wait gets longer", "text": "BANGALORE: BS Yeddyurappa's wait to regain the CM's gaddi got longer. The former CM has been asked to wait till the CEC recommendations and SC decisions in the cases pending against him are known.The high command sent a word through BJP national general secretary and party's Karnataka pointsman Dharmendra Pradhan on Sunday to all the leaders not to air their grievances or dissent in public and embarrass the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12589745", "title": "'Archiving is key to make India's presence felt'", "text": "MYSORE: Most of the information on sites such as Wikipedia have a strong western bias, and that has to change if India wants to take her place in the world, said Ramakrishna Ramaswamy, vice-chancellor of Hyderabad University.Addressing commencement address at the Graduation Day celebrations of International School of Information Management (ISiM) here on Sunday, he said the paucity of data and its reliability is an issue of considerable importance. He called upon the students to be creators of manageable information.\"As a nation, we are poor archivists -- this is one reason people say why we have such a poor sense of history. When you do not archive, you have no records to remind of what was done and why. There are other reasons as well, particularly since human memory is so short. I urge you people do the needful. You are experts and digitized archiving. And in case you feel that 'everything is already online', in a multi-cultural country like ours, then you are wrong. We have not even begun to scratch the surface,\" he said.\"The second challenge the country faces, in general, is that of numbers and this is where professionals like you will play a major role. There are conservative estimates of the number of young Indians coming into the learning stream in the next few decades, and the numbers between 200 and 500 million are talked about as realistic. Not all of these will be in universities, there simply aren't enough of them. But all of them will be thirsty for knowledge and much of that will come out of an efficient, sensible and planned management of information and instruction,\" Ramaswamy said.H S Ranganath, director of National Assessment and Accreditation Council (Bangalore), called upon University of Mysore to give autonomous status on the lines of ISiM to other well-equipped departments.\"Once the autonomy is given to deserving departments, they can prepare their own syllabus and can easily adopt to the changing system. First, facilitate and later felicitate. If this is done, innovations can be seen in education,\" he added.He also called upon the institutions to have good infrastructure facilities before enrolling the students. UoM vice-chancellor V G Talawar was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12590453", "title": "Woman dies at sterilization camp in Nagaur", "text": "JAIPUR: A 26-year-old woman died while undergoing sterilization at a camp organized at Manana primary health centre (PHC) in Nagaur district on Sunday.The doctors present at the centre claimed that the woman died of cardiac arrest. The deceased, Bala, a resident of Manana village, was first rushed to the Makrana community health centre. On not seeing any improvement in her condition, she was taken to the Jawahar Lal Nehru medical college and hospital in Ajmer but died on the way, said R K Meena, chief medical and health officer, Nagaur.The woman's relatives blamed the doctors for carelessness, and claimed she had died at the Makrana community health centre, sources said. Around 30 women had participated at the sterilization camp. Bala was the fifth woman to be operated upon by the doctors.Doctor Surendra Rathi, who operated on Bala, denied allegations and said, \"It seems that she died of vasovagal shock. In case of some patients, it happens when we insert the needle. But, patients normally recover from the shock. Bala, however, did not recover and we referred her to the community health centre.\"Rathi said before she was brought to the operation table, a complete check was done. \"Thirty women had come to the camp, and after conducting blood, urine and other tests, we found 24 of them fit for sterilization and Bala was one of them,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12588941", "title": "Kurnool awaits more water from Tungabhadra", "text": "HYDERABAD: While Kurnool is hoping to get Tungabhadra water released by Karnataka next week, Mahbubnagar has to be content with the available water in the Rajolibanda Diversion Scheme (RDS) canal what with the sluice gates of the canal supplying water to the district closed for repairs.After the war of words between the districts of Rayalaseema and Telangana over water sharing following 1 TMC (thousand million cubic) ft of water released from the Tungabhadra dam at Hospet last week, a delegation from Kurnool led by minor irrigation minister T G Venkatesh met Karnataka chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda in Bangalore on Saturday seeking release of an additional 1 TMC ft of water from the dead storage of the dam, exclusively meant for the district.The people of Kurnool approached Karnakata as they complained that most of the water released last week had gone to Mahbubnagar and the KC canal feeding water to the districts of Kurnool and Kadapa could not get its adequate share.Venkatesh, who is also the legislator from Kurnool, said Gowda assured them of releasing the water. He hoped the water would reach KC canal next week and would be sufficient to meet the drinking needs of Kurnool.Six tanks of the district are now filled and officials in the irrigation department said some 400 cusecs (1 TMC ft = 1,100 cusecs) of water released last week had gone to RDS canal. Disputing the amount of water they received, Mahbubnagar had asked for the share in the additional water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "phagwara", "code": "12592341", "title": "Mizo student's killing at Lovely Professional University: Three foreign students acquitted", "text": "PHAGWARA: Two Sudanese and a Tanzanian student have been acquitted in the case of killing of a Mizoram student, Johny Lall Mangahi Zuala, during a football match at Lovely Professional University last year.The court of Kapurthala Sessions Judge M S Virdi acquitted the trio - Hashim Idriss, Ahmed Altgany, both from Sudan and Saeed Feisal from Tanzania - after the prosecution \"miserably failed\" to prove the charge of murder or even the alternate charge of culpable homicide not amounting to murder.Enquiries by TOI have revealed that the three students who were in jail since the incident have been released. The trial took just less than eleven months after the incident which occured late evening of March 26. It is learnt that Sudanese embassy had especially followed the case very keenly.A scuffle took place over a trivial issue during the football match between Mizo and Sudanese students and the Mizo student Johny, who was member of the team of his state, died after being severely thrashed on the ground. He died after some hours at a hospital. Johny (22) was student of B Tech (Civil Engineering) Second year.The acquittal has come after defence counsel Harminder Syal exposed several holes in the prosecution case including raising a Lalkara (challenge for some violent action) for killing Johny even as the Sudanese students were shouting in their own language. The prosecution had claimed that Lalkara s were raised as Johny had scored a goal in the match.The court found that testimonies of two crucial witnesses Surinder Kumar Khurana, senior security officer of the university and Satish Kumar Sharda, referee of the match, were doubtful and rather full of improvements. Though the duo had built up a strong case against the accused in the Chief Examination but during their cross examination it came out that they were near washroom outside the playground which was at a distance of around 50 meters and on reaching they saw there was free fight among around 50 students and Johny was lying unconscious in the ground. \"They had not seen the accused themselves with their own eyes while giving kick blows on Johny,\" the court found.The post-mortem by a board of doctors held that cause of death was splenic tear, bleeding to hemorrhage and shock. However the defence counsel had argued that Johny actually died because of medical negligence.Two other eyewitnesses Sanjay Singh and Liansangzuala, who were part of the Mizo team, did not support the prosecution case. The court found that it was actually a free for all fight and the role of the three accused in killing Johny could not be established beyond doubt. Rather the defence taken by the accused that they have been falsely implicated by the police seemed more plausible as university management faced pressure from student union and media, the court held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12589421", "title": "State bar council votes out its chief", "text": "BANGALORE: The city's legal fraternity is in the news again with the churning in the advocates' community after the March 2 City Civil Court complex violence claiming the head of the Karnataka State Bar Council (KSBC) chairman, Anandkumar A Magadum.In a first for Karnataka, a special meeting of the KSBC held here on Sunday adopted a no-confidence motion against Magadum. The meeting, attended by 13 of the 25 members, unanimously adopted the no-trust motion. Magadum was not present at the meeting.Among the reasons cited for Magadum's unseating was his alleged inability to handle the situation arising out of the March 2 violence. He was accused of having been unable to \"properly\" read out speeches during the farewell organized for outgoing Karnataka high court chief justice Jagadish Singh Khehar. He was charged with failing to discharge duties as chairman as he has serious medical problems.Magadum told TOI from his hometown Dharwad that the meeting was illegal. Accusing his rivals of indulging in caste politics, he said: \"I belong to the Jain community and my rivals wanted a chairman of their caste. to They had tried the trick earlier, but were not successful.\"He claimed he was made a villain soon after he raised objections to the financial irregularities in KSBC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new lajpat nagar", "code": "12589909", "title": "Udayveer derives name from father", "text": "NEW LAJPAT NAGAR: Naming their baby was an easy deal for New Lajpat Nagar-residents Dr Shivani and Dr Tanveer Singh Bhutani, who did not even wait for the newborn's arrival before christening him. Almost as soon as she realized that she was expecting their second baby, Shivani had decided that its name will have to be derived from the father's name.''We decided that if it will be a girl we will name her Gurveer and if its a boy, he will be Udayveer, this way or that 'veer' was going to be a part of their father's name the baby would inherit,'' said Shivani, a gynaecologist. So when she delivered a baby boy, he was instantly called Udayveer. ''It means rising fighter,'' she said, adding that she also has a five-and-a-half-year-old daughter, who was born on October 30 and she chose to deliver her second baby on the 30th too.Shivani shared that her husband, an orthopaedic surgeon, is in United Kingdom for higher studies.''He is supposed to return in June and we are looking forward to a great bash then. Both our families are very excited about the baby and have been showering a lot of love on him,'' she said.Udayveer's maternal great grandmother Krishna Sharma said she is blessed to see her fourth generation too. ''I am very thankful to God for giving me a long life,'' she added.Shivani's father Anil Sharma said, ''We are happy that both my daughter and her baby are fit and healthy. We pray that Udayveer would shine like a bright star and make his parents proud.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12590434", "title": "Most fat people don\u2019t think they are fat: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: How many fat people think they are fat? \"Hardly,\" said half a dozen doctors TOI spoke to. Most of them said, \"Majority of our obese patients don't think they are fat enough to be in trouble.\"Experts now say misperception of weight is becoming a major barrier to weight loss - a serious problem in India which has seen a nearly 20% increase in overweight population rates between 1998 and 2005.Take for example a recent University of Illinois study by researchers who surveyed over 3,500 college applicants. More than a third couldn't report their weight accurately and overweight and obese men were more likely to underestimate their weight than women.In physical exams, the height, weight and body mass index (BMI) of 3,622 18- to 20-year-old applicants to the Mexican University were recorded. Around 33.6% were overweight or obese, but only 16.9% described themselves as being in those categories.Women seemed to be a better judge of their weight than men with the gap between the former's perception and reality on their weight being smaller -- 27.8% of women were actually overweight or obese, but only 21.2% believed that they were.\"This misperception is important because the first step in dealing with a weight problem is knowing that you have one,\" said Margarita Teran-Garcia, professor of food science at the Universidad Autonoma de San Luis Potos in Mexico.The study findings have serious implications for India where currently, 1 in 5 men and over 1 in 6 women are overweight. In some urban areas, the rates are as high as 40%.Cardiologist Dr Ashok Seth, who is chairman of Escorts Heart Institute, said India's perception of well being unfortunately was associated with being overweight. \"The paradox here is that fat people are considered healthy while thin people are considered weak in India. Most of my patients who lose weight after a heart attack come to me thinking they have become weak. One's perception of being fat relates to whether people around you are health conscious or overweight. More overweight people don't think they are fat because everybody around are like him. Obesity is one of the most important reasons for heart attacks as excessive body mass index increases chances of coronary artery disease,\" Dr Seth said.Dr Anoop Misra of Fortis Hospital said, \"Obesity contributes to the development of type 2 diabetes and coronary heart disease. It is a leading cause of non-communicable morbidities globally. In some countries, nearly one-third of the population is overweight or obese, and its prevalence appears to be increasing sharply.\"Bariatric surgeon Dr Ramen Goel said, \"Indians are sensitive about their weight and tend to hide it. That's why they don't get on the weighing machine in public.\"Gynecologist Dr Malvika Sabharwal from Jeevanmala Hospital added, \"Indians have very little knowledge of BMI and what their right weight should be. Around 90% women who come to our OPDs are overweight and almost 90% of them don't think so.\"Flavia Cristina Drumond Andrade, a researcher involved in the Mexico study, said heavier people were less likely to report their weight correctly. According to Andrade, identifying weight problems at the beginning of adult life has important health consequences.A recent study in the Lancet had found that Indian women seemed to be getting fatter, while the men were doing better in controlling their weight. At the end of 2008, 8 million women in India were obese (body mass index of 30 kg/m2) compared to 4.4 million men.This trend is evident from the prevalence calculator that shows that while 1.3% of women aged 20 and above were obese in 1980, the prevalence had increased to 2.5% in 28 years. Among men, it stayed static during the same period at 1.3%, a study comparing BMI increase in 199 countries recently said. In Indian women, BMI increased by 0.3 kg/m2 per decade and in men, it was zero.Excess bodyweight poses risk factor for mortality and morbidity from cardiovascular diseases, diabetes, certain cancers and musculo-skeletal disorders, causing nearly three million deaths every year worldwide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12590174", "title": "Two arrested for attacking , robbing labourers", "text": "PUNE: The anti-dacoity squad and the crime branch, Pune, in a joint action arrested two persons who allegedly beat up two construction workers and stole their mobile phones and cash.The two, Raju Ramesh Ovhal (27) and Ravindra alias Bandu Doke (32), both residents of Punavale, along with their accomplices allegedly beat up two workers at a construction site at Ravet in Pimpri-Chinchwad limits last Monday. They stole the workers' mobile phones and cash, totaling Rs 34,000.A complaint was registered with the Hinjewadi police. The anti-dacoity squad of the policereceived a tip-off on the involvement of Ovhal and Ravindra in the crime. A police team nabbed the two near Dange chowk around 6.30pm on Friday.During interrogation Ovhal and Ravindra admitted to the crime. The police are investigating further.The action was carried out by police inspector Satish Govekar, assistant police inspector Yashwant Phulavade along with other police staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12589754", "title": "Delhi senior citizen killed in Lokhandwala", "text": "MUMBAI: A Delhi-based senior citizen was found murdered in his actor son's plush Lokhandwala apartment late Saturday night. His body bore multiple stab wounds and a computer cord was discovered around his neck. Police officers said two paying guests, who are on the run, are the prime suspects in the case. The officers added that the son is also missing since the incident.Arunkumar Tikku, the 62-year-old widower, came to Mumbai a few days ago and was staying at his son Anuj's flat on the first floor of the swish Samarth Aangan society in Lokhandwala, Andheri (West). Originally three apartments, a portion of it had been rented out by Anuj to two paying guests less than a fortnight ago. He had come this time to convince Anuj, who also runs a marketing company called Mind Bubble Creatives, to return to Delhi.Around 11.30pm on Saturday, a resident was parking his car in the society's compound when he heard a strange sound. He looked up at Anuj's flat's window and saw the curtain rod collapsing. Arunkumar was standing in the window, struggling, banging on the pane and shouting for help. The resident, who runs a private security agency and is an important witness in the case, rushed to the flat with a guard to investigate.The Oshiwara police said they have registered a case of murder against two unidentified men.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12589124", "title": "China hails Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari's India visit", "text": "BEIJING: China has praised Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari's visit to India saying better ties between the \"two nuclear- armed heavyweight neighbors\" will bring about regional stability. Beijing is closely watching the visit because it has implications on its own interests involving terrorism and the Siachen glacier that touches Karakoram Highway connecting China with Pakistan.The State-run Xinhua news agency today issued a candid analysis explaining how better ties between India and Pakistan would serve China's interest. It will help bring down military expenditure by the two countries and help China's modernization drive as the focus would shift to business, the commentary said.It said peaceful coexistence between the two countries is \"indispensable for regional stability, which is vital for regional prosperity and China's modernization drive. Efforts towards improvement in India-Pakistan ties \"certainly are welcomed and applauded by the international community including China.\" It said.China last week dropped its support for Pakistan's anti-terrorism efforts. It said six terrorists operating in western China have been trained in a \"South Asian country\" without specifically naming Pakistan. The move leaves Pakistan in a vulnerable situation because it was counting on Chinese support after its recent troubled with the US on the issue of terrorism.This is the second time in one year that Zardari is using the cover of religious visit to push for political diplomacy. He observed Id and prayed at a mosque in the Chinese city of Urumqi along with his son and two daughter in August last year after local leaders blamed Pakistan as the source of terrorists causing bloodshed in the border province of Xinjiang.\"China wants to further boost ties with both countries, and is happy to witness continuous improvement of the Pakistan-India ties,\" Xinhua said in its analysis.The commentary noted that the two countries have fought three wars engaged in a \"tit-for-tat nuclear test race\" in 1998. This is interesting because China has planned and erected nuclear power plants in Pakistan although there is no clear evidence that Beijing supported its bomb program.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12588356", "title": "Mall to pay Rs 8 lakh to mountaineer's kin", "text": "NOIDA: A day after 26-year-old mountaineer Shailendra Singh Bisht crashed seven floors to his death at the inauguration of an adventure mall in Noida, the owners of the mall and the adventure tourism company organizing the event have announced a compensation of Rs 8 lakh to the victim's family. Meanwhile, the district administration has formed a three-member committee to investigate the incident.The compensation was announced in a statement issued by AMR Infrastructure, the owner of Great Adventure Mall where the accident took place. \"We will support the family of the deceased with financial support to tide over this immensely difficult phase, though we understand that nothing can replace life,\" said the statement. The statement also said that the compensation will be jointly paid by AMR Infrastructure and Tourismworx, the adventure sports company that was responsible for the stunt.In another separate written statement, the deceased's brother, Vijendra Bisht, said that he believed that what happened was purely accidental. He said, \"My family and I don't hold AMR infrastructure responsible for the accident. They have been very supportive at this tragic time in our lives. The family has no issues with the company. The company has been cooperating after the tragedy.\"However, the police and the district administration are not very keen on letting the organizers off the hook. \"The company approached us for permission for the inauguration ceremony, which was granted. There was no mention of stunts to be performed during the event. We have taken cognizance of the event and constituted a three-member committee that will examine the incident. We have chosen members from the entertainment department of police and a city magistrate is heading the team,\" said acting DM of Gautam Budh Nagar, Pavan Kumar.Police officials said while Bisht was wearing the required safety harness the first time he performed the stunt on Saturday morning, at the time of his death he wasn't wearing it. \"We are investigating the matter and will act accordingly,\" said a senior police official. The postmortem of the body was conduced on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12588324", "title": "24X7 is safe, suits city needs: Expert", "text": "NAGPUR: 24X7 is the best solution for cheap and good water supply for cities with a population of 2 lakh and more. If Nagpur implements the 24X7 water supply in a systematic manner, other cities would be tempted to replicate it. In fact, India has no other option but to go in for such schemes which will minimize the water cost and yet make it available to a maximum population.The pronouncement came from Asit Biswas, the former advisor to the executive director of United Nations Environmental Programme (UNEP) and a world renowned water management expert. A scientist with an upright image and known to not buckle under any pressure from any government, Biswas, who was here as part of the Neeri foundation day celebrations, said, \"At present the common man in any developing country is paying through his nose for drinking water without even realizing it. Moreover, what he is getting is extremely unsafe too.\"24X7 has been a controversial subject in city. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation has handed over the entire water distribution to a private party. Even though state chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and union minister Kamal Nath , both Congressmen, had appreciated its model, the city Congress unit has opposed it and wanted the NMC to scrap it. Currently, the central government has ordered an enquiry on the basis of complaints filed by Congress MP Vilas Muttemwar who claimed that consumers were getting inflated bills.To this, Biswas said that if any politician, water professional or bureaucrat says cities do not have enough water for 24X7 water supply, \"they are lying\". \"In Delhi, there's 60% leakage which if plugged is enough to supply 24X7 water,\" he said. \"Cities like Hamburg (Germany) and Barcelona (Spain) use just 105 litres per person per day and yet give 24X7 water supply.\"Implementing 24X7 would also make water safer to drink. \"Municipal corporations in most cities supply water for just a few hours a day, that too intermittently. This water is extremely unsafe and people have to install water purifying equipment like reverse osmosis and membrane technology which are the biggest source of contamination,\" he said.That people don't like to pay for water is a misconception according to Biswas. \"If they are told the economics they will prefer to buy water at a higher rate if it is supplied round the clock. 24X7 water supply can ensure safe water as pipeline would not suck in dust and there would be no leakages too,\" he said.\"India may be emerging as a big economic power but unfortunately its water management has not kept pace and is not even equivalent to that of any banana republic,\" Biswas added.The water expert also feels that India wastes a lot of money hiring experts and buying equipment from abroad. \"These equipments are of no use as they are not made for Indian conditions. And we refuse to take advise from our own scientists who are as good as the ones from outside India,\" said Biswas.Slamming moves by corporations and administration on roof water harvesting in cities, Biswas said, \"They are uneconomical in cities but will work in rural areas. In India it rains maximum for 100 hours in the entire season. Incurring expenditure to modify houses to save this water and reuse it, or build new houses to do so, is a needless exercise,\" he said.QUOTEIf people are told the economics of 24X7 they will prefer to buy water at a higher rate especially if it is supplied round the clock. 24X7 can ensure safe water as pipeline would not suck in dust and there would be leakagesAsit Biswas | water expert", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12587215", "title": "Everyone can't become MLA or MLC: Modi", "text": "PATNA: Given the numerical strength of the 120 extremely backward castes (EBCs) in the state, the Bihar BJP has been trying to bring them as one unified body under the party's umbrella by organizing their separate conferences to articulate their economic and other community interests.As a matter of fact, the political value of their unity came to the fore when their solid support to the NDA during the three assembly elections (twice in 2005 and once in 2010) and 2009 parliamentary elections helped the alliance win a large number of seats.Keeping this in mind and to retain the EBCs' support to the NDA, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, while addressing a state-level conference of the delegates of Tanti-Tatwa and Patwa caste groups organized at Abhiyanta Bhawan here on Saturday, said, \"Separately, the number of each of these (EBC) castes is not big, but united they make a solid, unassailable body. Remain united as it will protect your collective interests, and also extend your support to the NDA.\"Incidentally, people of Tanti-Tatwa castes fall in the category of weavers, while the people of Patwa community traditionally make 'maur (headgears used by bridegrooms during marriage)' and other ceremonial items.The conference was held in the run-up to the election for 11 seats of the Bihar legislative council. With the state BJP in a position to easily win four seats, the party has decided to retain its three MLCs, including deputy CM Modi and legislative council chairman Tara Kant Jha, whose terms are expiring. In this backdrop, there is intense lobbying for the fourth seat as Modi is scheduled to leave for Delhi on Monday to get the nod of the party's central election committee for four candidates.It thus came as no surprise when the state BJP Weavers' Morcha chief, Deepak Kumar Tanti, backed by others at the conference, demanded a council seat for the Tanti-Tatwa and Patwa caste groups. But Modi maintained that the \"queue was long\" and not everyone could become an MLA or MLC. He also asked Deepak to work for the uplift of the community and greater political awareness among them. In a lighter vein, he remarked that the BJP was \"not a factory to produce MLAs and MLCs, but a party that creates dedicated workers\".Modi asked them to avail the reservation facility in the elections to the panchayati raj institutions (PRIs) and local bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588423", "title": "Congress corporations will mean coordination with Delhi government: Sheila", "text": "NEW DELHI: With less than a week left in the municipal elections, chief minister Sheila Dikshit is out on roads to woo voters in favour of Congress candidates. Holding public meetings in three constituencies in north Delhi, Dikshit on Sunday showcased the good work done by her government and slammed the BJP-ruled MCD for its failure to deliver.\"Delhi is ruled at two levels - by us (Congress) at the state level and, on the other, by BJP that's in charge of the city corporation. Anyone can make out the difference between the working. While we have given you broad roads, better power and water supply, world-class DTC busses and a swanky Delhi Metro, they have not fulfilled any of their commitments,\" said Dikshit, addressing a gathering at Jalebi Chowk in Sultanpuri. She also addressed meetings at Ashok Vihar and Tri Nagar.In a brief speech that lasted 15 minutes, Dikshit reminded voters of possibly each and every work and scheme of the Delhi government launched in the past 15 years. Starting from Delhi Metro to IGI airport's Terminal 3 to the green Delhi drive to Commonwealth Games , nothing was left out, with MCD trifurcation and 50% quota for women in municipal polls taking the centre stage.Then came the attacking volleys. \"We launched world-class green and red CNG busses for Delhiites but their services to areas like Sultanpuri had to be restricted due to bad roads. And this was despite us reminding and giving funds to the BJP-led municipal corporation,\" said Dikshit.It is important for Congress to rule the corporations, she continued, for better coordination. \"With BJP in corporation, there is complete lack of coordination as they prefer to work against us.\"Comparing schools and hospitals run by the Delhi government and MCD, she said, \"No one wants to go to municipal schools while our schools see a heavy rush because of high-quality education being offered by them. It's the same for hospitals.\"Targeting BJP for trying to tarnish Congress's image by calling it a party of scams, the chief minister reminded voters of MCD's ghost employee scam in which 30,000 safai karamcharis were allegedly found to be existing only on papers.Referring to the trifurcation at the beginning of the speech, she said, \"This is what I want my address to focus on. Despite resistance from some people, we have managed to achieve trifurcation. We now need to make it a success,\" said Dikshit, pointing at examples of NDMC and Delhi Cantonment's good work because of their smaller areas.Dikshit added that with women occupying 50% of the municipal seats, the city will now be a cleaner place to live in. \"Women are very particular about cleanliness,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12588226", "title": "Rescued maid doesn't want to return to parents", "text": "NOIDA: The 11-year-old maid who was rescued from a locked apartment in Greater Noida refused to stay with her parents after she met them on Saturday.Officials from Childline - a district-level committee under the Union ministry of women and child development that has the girl's custody - said the girl recorded her statement at the Kasna police station in Greater Noida after meeting her parents. \"She doesn't want to go back to them. We aren't sure about the reason behind her decision and don't know what's going on in her mind. This is the first time that she has lived the life of a child and spent time with other children. That could be a possible reason,\" said Tarun Kumar of Childline, Greater Noida.The district administration and the CWC have scheduled counselling sessions for the girl in the following week with the immediate session scheduled on Wednesday. Separate sessions will be conducted by Childline. \"In cases where children are rescued from distressful situations, we often find that they don't wish to go back to their previous lives and parents. Counselling plays an important role here. We will take a decision keeping in mind what is best for the child,\" said a CWC official.Meanwhile, the district police has introduced new measures to intensify their capabilities while dealing with cases involving children. \"We have decided to hold special training every month to sensitize police officers while dealing with such cases. Juvenile police officers (JPO) will receive training every month on the 7th of every month,\" said a senior police officer.Childline has been asked to submit a report on the condition of children's rights in the district along with a list of specific areas where cases pertaining to children in distress is higher.Gautam Budh Nagar, along with Ghaziabad district, has emerged as the epicentre for such children's disappearances. In 2011 alone, 220 children have disappeared in the two districts without a trace, said police. Data published on the Zonal Integrated Police Network (Zipnet) puts the total number of children missing in Uttar Pradesh at 675 and the two districts account for almost 33% of the missing children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "barmer", "code": "12590338", "title": "Pakistan packs off 6 Bangladeshis to India", "text": "BARMER: Six Bangladeshi citizens who had gone to Pakistan via the Thar Express on Saturday from Munabao were sent back to India on Sunday by the Pak immigration officers who claimed their visa was fake. They handed over six Bangladeshis, including a woman, to the security forces of India on Sunday.The six are being brought to Jodhpur and they are in the custody of GRP. Sources at Munabao border said Mohammad Sami (32), Rehana Khatun (29), Mohammad Jamaal (27), Mohammad Ajeem (34), Mohammad Shakeel (31), Gulum Ahmad (36), all residents of Sidhpur, had left for Pakistan on Bangladesh passports.The Pakistan embassy had put the seal on visas between March 21 and June 20. But during the immigration check of passengers at zero line railway station, the Pakistan officers refused to entertain the visa to these Bangladeshis and said the documents of visa attached to their passports were fake.Pakistani officers told the security officers of India that these Bangladeshis were not issued visa by the Pakistan embassy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12588152", "title": "40% mango crop damaged due to winds", "text": "KANPUR: The mango lovers might face disappointment this year with a large number of mango fruits being destroyed by westerly winds blowing in the region for the past few days. According to the horticulture department, the mango crop suffered about 40% damage in Kanpur (rural) and adjoining areas due to adverse weather conditions. This may also raise the prices of mangoes. A large part of the mango crop has also been hit because of late flowering as farmers did not adopt methods to conserve fertility of fields.According to the horticulturists, the flowering of mangoes was very good initially, just like last year, but most of the crop had been destroyed by winds blowing at a speed of 50-55 kilometre per hour in the region. It had led to dropping of a large number of mango flowers.Farmers in the region had been spending sleepless nights for the past three months to save their mango crop, but the high velocity winds failed their efforts. Several regions in Uttar Pradesh supply a major chunk of mangoes to the country. The Dussehri is the most sought after variety in the local and international markets. According to the latest predictions of the District Horticulture Authorities, the mango crop yield would come down by at least 40% this year.While talking to TOI, district horticulture officer VK Srivastava informed: \"There is about 900 hectare of mango farming area across the state and the most common variety of mangoes grown in Uttar Pradesh region are Amrapali and several varieties of Dussehri.\"\"Normally, the flowering stage in mango ends by the second week of December and the fruit begins to grow by mid-January. After most of the flowers were damaged in the January rain, second flowering took time. Then most of the newly bloomed flowers were destroyed by the cyclonic winds,\" said Uday, owner of a mango nursery in Unnao. He explained that the extremely low temperatures during the nights in the winter had also caused irrecoverable loss to the mango crop at the flowering stage.Talking to TOI, Anirudh Dubey, agro-meteorologist at CSA, informed that low pressure area developed by rise in temperature leads to high velocity winds. These high velocity winds hit the flowers of mangoes. The expert advised the farmers to simultaneously irrigate their fields to save them from further droppings. \"Farmers need to irrigate their fields twice a day to maintain moisture stress in the trees. If roots get wet, it helps in reducing the dropping of flowers and fruits,\" said Dubey.According to the horticultural experts, if farmer see any signs of damage to crop due to prevailing cloudy conditions, they need to spread a thin layer of insecticides in the fields. \"The best and cheapest insecticide can be the flowers of Neem, which can be churned to make powder. Nearly, two kilogramme of this powder is to be mixed in 100 liters of water and spread in fields to save them from pests,\" said the expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "paris", "code": "12595331", "title": "Google Arts Project expands to 150 more museums", "text": "PARIS: Google Inc has expanded its virtual tours to more than 150 of the world's major museums, featuring putting high-resolution close-ups of masterworks by Van Gogh , Rembrandt and Botticelli -- but not the Mona Lisa.The latest additions that went online this month include the Musee d'Orsay in Paris and Jerusalem's Israel Museum. The Louvre in the French capital, home of the Da Vinci masterpiece, isn't taking part in the website, dubbed Art Project.The Google photo project at work inside one of the galleries at the Israel Museum, Jerusalem . The high-resolution images allow for virtual tours of the galleries at major museums worldwide.\"No Woman No Cry,\" by Chris Ofili , is one of 1,061 high-resolution images of artworks that international museums are making available to users of Google's new Art Project site.\"The Harvesters,\" (detail), by Pieter Bruegel the Elder, from the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York . The Met is one of the museums that have allowed Google cameras access to sections of their collections as part of the Google Art Project site.Internet browsers can tour the galleries from 40 countries as they would neighborhoods on Google Street View. Google is seeking more new partners in the US, Europe and emerging markets. It says the service won't generate revenue, including through advertising, though it gives no figures.\"Everyone asks me if we have Leonardo's Mona Lisa,\" Amit Sood, who heads the project, said at a news briefing in Paris. \"We're talking to people from the Louvre. Maybe they'll be part of the next phase,\" he said of the world's most visited museum, which hosted 8.8 million people last year, according to its website.When contacted by Bloomberg News, a spokeswoman at the Louvre press office declined to comment and wouldn't give her name. The Israel Museum has already put the Dead Sea Scrolls online and they were seen by 1 million visitors from more than 200 countries in about three days. The next step in collaboration was \"almost a marriage of the moment,\" James Snyder, director of Israel Museum, said in an interview.Orsay's MonetAmong the museum's items now online is the interior of an 18th-century Italian Vittoria Veneto Synagogue and some of Claude Monet's Water Lilies. The French announcement was made in Orsay, with its Monet-filled walls.\"Google is committed to bringing art and culture online and making them universally accessible,\" said Yossi Matias, managing director of Google's R&D; center in Israel.The site started in February 2011 with works from the Tate Britain, New York's Museum of Modern Art and 15 others from nine countries. More than 40 of the museums have now allowed Google to digitalize one artwork at a resolution of 7 billion pixels, or 1,000 times the average digital camera.The Mountain View, California-based Internet company has sent robot-like devices equipped with cameras to roll around museums from Sao Paulo to Istanbul over the past year, snapping pictures of as many as 30,000 works.Vincent's bedrooms\"Out of pure coincidence we've reunited the three versions of Vincent Van Gogh's 'The Bedroom' in one place,\" said Sood, who came up with the idea for Art Project two-and-a-half years ago and now heads a team of seven people in London , including former employees of the Met and the Tate.By striking deals only with the museums, and not with artists, their heirs nor foundations, Google avoids having to deal with copyright issues, Sood said. The company has included image security technology in the database to protect the photos, he also said.Major artworks by artists such as Picasso and other large galleries are not included yet. Still, the collection ranges from Egon Schiele's 1914 work \"Naked Girls Embracing\" in the Leopold Museum , Vienna, to Bellini's \"St. Francis in the Desert,\" dating from about 1480, in the Frick Collection.The 7-gigapixel images throw up curious details. In Pieter Bruegel the Elder's \"The Harvesters\" (1565), from the Met, tiny background figures can be seen throwing sticks at a tied-up goose in a game called squail.In \"The Ambassadors\" (1533) -- now in the UK's National Gallery -- Hans Holbein not only represents France's ambassador to England, but makes sure that the tiny town where his chateau is located is clearly marked on the globe in the picture.The other museums taking part include the Uffizi Gallery in Florence, the State Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg , the Museo Reina Sofia in Madrid, the Palace of Versailles, and the Gemaeldegalerie in Berlin .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12588890", "title": "Valuables worth 50 lakh stolen in Vijayawada heist", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In a major heist in the city, a gang of thieves made off with jewellery, other valuables and cash worth Rs 50 lakh from the house of a textile shop owner. The offenders struck when Pallaothu Hariprasad, owner of the shop, had gone to Hyderabad along with his family members on Saturday afternoon to see off his daughter who was leaving for the US.The family resides on the first floor of the building in Arundalpet, while the shop is on the ground floor. Neighbours noticed that locks were broken in the morning and informed Hariprasad over the phone. Hariprasad's nephew Phanindra lodged a complaint with Suryaraopet police.As per initial information, 120 tolas of gold ornaments worth Rs 30 lakh, 30 kg of silver ornaments worth Rs 3 lakh and Rs 2 lakhs in cash and other valuables were missing from the iron safe and other lockers in the house as well as the shop.Police suspect that it could be the handiwork of some 'insiders'. \"The robbers committed the offence a few hours after the family left for Hyderabad,\" a police official said. However, the police did not rule out the possibility of an inter-district gang's involvement in the heist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12587871", "title": "Cop shot at by colleague in Kanpur PS", "text": "KANPUR: A police constable was shot at and critically injured by his colleague at Gharaiyya Line Colony located inside Ghatampur police station during the wee hours on Sunday.Injured constable Mahesh Yadav, a native of Gaura area in Jhansi district, is posted as a driver with the Ghatampur police. The accused is head constable Rajesh Premi, working as a head clerk at the police station. Premi shot at Yadav with a double barrel gun. The motive behind the attack is unclear.Yadav had returned to the police station at around 3.30 am. Hearing the gun shot, other policemen rushed to the spot and found him lying in a pool of blood. Yadav suffered bullet injuries on his thigh near abdomen. , where the doctors stated his condition to be out of danger. Yadav had returned from patrolling when the incident occurred. According to Premi's preliminary statement, he mistook Yadav as a thief and opened fire at him,\" SP (rural) AK Rai said. \"It was surprising that Rajesh could not recognise his colleague. He would have easily recognised his voice even if he was not invisible owing to the darkness. Also, he could have easily called other counterparts, who were present inside the police station,\" added a cop, who is inquiring into the matter. Sources said that there was more to the incident than what was being claimed by the accused. Premi had been arrested.The weapon used in crime was also seized. Further interrogations are on. The motive behind the murderous attempt is not clear.A case under Section 307 of the IPC has been registered. This was the second incident where a cop has been attacked inside the police station. It might be noted that sub-inspector Devendra Kumar Singh was shot dead and a police constable sustained critical wounds inside Naubasta police station allegedly by a drunken youth, who had opened indiscriminate firing on them late at night on March 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12607635", "title": "Neil's Kenyan expereince", "text": "Neil Nitin Mukesh had a unforgettable experience shooting with the Maasais in Kenya's Masai Mara forest for Shortcut Romeo recently.The fifteen day schedule gave the actor an opportunity to closely know the semi-nomadic cattle rearing people's fascinating culture. \"It was a once in a lifetime opportunity for me,\" smiles Neil .The close interaction with the Maasai's made Neil learn a lot of things. \"I became familiar not only with their culture and tradition but also their food eating habits. In fact I also became familiar with the dishes they make. I even wore the clothes they wear like a tourist on a vacation,\" he said.However, it was it the wedding tradition that fascinated Neil the most. \"Well, a Maasai could marry four times and I would love that. I don't mind being a Maasai for that,\" Neil laughs. Neil also found the dowry system to be interesting. \"It is the groom who pays the bride and not the other way round. The dowry is paid in the form of cows. In fact amongst the Maasais owning cows is a status symbol. The more cows you have the richer you are,interesting isn't it,\" Neil concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12589653", "title": "More industries to come up: Chief minister D V Sadanand Gowda", "text": "BELGAUM: Chief minister D V Sadanand Gowda said the state government is making an all-out effort to attract investment to set up more industries in the state.He was speaking after inaugurating the seminar on 'Agenda Development Karnataka: Focus on North Karnataka' organized jointly by the Federation of Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Bangalore, and Belgaum Chamber of Commerce and Industry at Foundry Cluster Hall here on Sunday.The government is taking steps to introduce a single window for payment of property tax and trade licence fee, he said.He said the industries should work in tandem with agriculture sector to make the life of agriculturists self-reliant.\"The government will take measures to set up more industries to generate employment for rural youths so that they can augment their income. Efforts are on to attract investment from within and outside the country. Already a global investors' meet has been held and one more GIM will be convened soon,\" Gowda said.Referring to development of infrastructure in Belgaum, the CM said the state government had approached the Centre seeking funds for developing and upgrading Belgaum airport and railway station. The national highway authority of India has started the tender process for converting the Belgaum-Khanapur road into national highway, he said.The contribution to the state's exchequer from sugar and food processing industry was 24 per cent of its total revenue, he said and added that the government is committed to support these industries which have a strong base in North Karnataka.Ministers Murugesh Nirani, Umesh Katti, MPs Suresh Angadi and Prabhakar Kore among others were present. On the occasion, President of Belgaum Chamber of Commerce and Industry G K Bangera submitted a memorandum to the chief minister seeking more facilities for industrial units in Belgaum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590948", "title": "Teachers of tomorrow", "text": "Many of our traditional heritage and wisdom have been lost in the absence of good torch-bearers. Times Foundation with its master training programme will fill this gap. It will create master trainers in every walk of life who will be responsible for identifying and training leaders and changeagents. Believing that teachers are creators of a nation's future as they nurture young talent, Times Foundation will focus on creating 'Teachers of Tomorrow' in the first phase of the master training programme.As part of the programme, Times Foundation organised a conference on March 29 and several eminent personalities working in the area of value education attended. The conference had a two-fold agenda. Firstly, how to build value and wellness in society through primary change-agents - teachers, and how to integrate it into the curriculum. Secondly, encourage teacher training in wellness therapies. Many of the participants agreed to be a part of this social change and create master trainers who will identify and train leaders and change-agents. \"It is imperative that teachers keep pace with students. And lessons in value education help teachers understand the student better,\" said Rahul Gautam, Art of Living.Annamalai University in collaboration with Brahmakumaris offers a PG diploma in value education and spirituality. \"Value education for teachers would better equip them to handle anger and stress effectively. It will create an environment of trust and encourage creativity in the class,\" said Sister Nikky, Brahmakumaris.Nilofer Bernard, Wockhardt Foundation, further added, \"Lack of value education has led to moral degeneration and lack of respect for human life. If we help teachers find peace within themselves, the future of the next generation will be positive, as peace will be transmuted to them.\"Experts in value and wellness education who would like to participate in the cause, can email timesfoundation@gmail.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12590593", "title": "Organic order: Gardening their way to health and happiness", "text": "When we define a good diet, it definitely includes fresh green leafy vegetables and nutritious food rather than junk from fast food corners. But little do we know where our vegetables come from. With worsening health conditions and an increasing interest in organic and sustainable living, many people are turning to kitchen gardening. While it's a hobby for some, others think of it as a solution to deteriorating health, while still others see it as source of food and income generation.Yogita Mehra, an environment enthusiast, gave up her eight-year-long job as a researcher for her growing concern about the vegetables she eats. \"When I came to know that kerosene was being injected into cabbages to keep them pest-free, it was hard to rely on those vegetable supplies. I bought a plot in Taleigao and began growing various vegetables, fruits and herbs with the help of organic farming, where I would literally reap what I was sowing and my husband was also very supportive,\" Mehra said. She, along with her husband Karan Manral, believes in healthy eating and is also a part of an online forum namely, 'All Goa Organic Gardeners' (goagardeners@googlegroups.com), where they exchange saplings and organize workshops for beginners. She also puts her effort along with some help from others into the International Centre-Goa's (ICG) organic vegetable garden-Shaak Baag, where they encourage organic and healthy cultivation.The manure being organic is not expensive and usually consists of green waste and is chemical free. In this way, I know what goes into the vegetables and it's delightful to be close to nature,\" she added.Allergy specialist Anita Dudhane, a resident of Kakra village, Taleigao, always wanted to grow her own vegetables. \"I thought the safest way to keep chemical-injected food away was to grow some of my own. I grow salads, herbs, brinjals, chillies and various other vegetables in my backyard. My 11-year-old daughter accompanies me to kitchen gardening workshops and also indulges in gardening with me. I have been doing this for a year with organic compost and adopting techniques like mulching to retain humidity and thus conserving water,\" she said. Mulch is a protective cover placed over the soil to retain moisture, reduce erosion, provide nutrients and suppress weed growth. Dudhane hired a special gardener for this purpose, which is her other expense apart from buying saplings and seeds.Muriel D'Souza and Mario Mascarenhas of Saligao have found more natural ways to bond with nature. For the last two years, not only do they produce some vegetables and fruits for their table and to share with their friends , but they also recycle every drop of water being used in their home for the garden. D'Souza and Mascarenhas along with their two home-schooled children, Tarika and Suhail, manage their home along with the kitchen garden. 'Organic food production' is an important environmental science subject in their home school syllabus, and all of them spend study time in their outdoor, garden classroom daily. \"One of the reasons why we began growing vegetables at home was because of the chemical fertilizers and pesticides in the food we buy. Since there was a little spare land, we thought of producing some of our own safe and healthy food, while also passing on an important survival skill to the next generation. Organic methods of farming, composting, mulching and recycling all biodegradable wastes are a part and parcel of our kitchen gardening,\" said D'Souza.Childhood PassionBeing interested in gardening right from his childhood, Prashant Maurya, a tour operator from Colva, works on a 250sq m area away from his home. He grows almost everything from ginger, amla, turmeric to seasonal delights such as pomegranate, pineapple, leeches and custard apple. \"Even though I grow some vegetables and fruits on my own, I'm still not self-sufficient and have to rely on market supplies. I want to move into a village as my plot right now is far and I cannot devote much time to it. I use organic compost and have adopted water conservation techniques and mulching to retain all the necessary minerals needed for the plants\".He added, \"After I came to Goa, I realized I could use the favorable climate to my benefit and began cultivating last May.\"For Arjun Rebelo, a kitchen garden just added to the beauty of his own backyard, where he sustains a small poultry farm too. \"The garden happened because it's a hobby, good utilization of the space and my food is also not affected by pesticides. It's cheap and I supplement it with organic supplies like cow dung and green waste, so it's totally eco-friendly. At times, I give the extra produce to my neighbours and at times people buy it from me. It's not commercial yet but I'm looking forward to some more development as time passes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12588505", "title": "16-crore project to make up for groundwater loss in region", "text": "GURGAON: The Central Ground Water Board (CGWB) recently said that Gurgaon's water-table was declining at a rapid pace, making the region one of the most 'over-exploited groundwater blocks,' of the country. The state government's new scheme aims to undo this damage being done to the fast-depleting water table, and replenish the underground reservoirs of Gurgaon in the next five years.The new Rs 16 crore project will be a part of the Integrated Water Management Plan for the whole region, and will be implemented in 76 villages around Gurgaon over the coming years to make up for the groundwater loss suffered by these areas. \"We have identified around 12,373 hectare in this region for this project, all this land which is non-fertile and has been lying idle will be utilized for the scheme,\" said an official.Under this scheme, some 21 micro watersheds are to be installed along this land, which will facilitate storage of overflowing rainwater during the monsoons. \"We will be able to use this land, which has been infertile all this while, for agro-forestry using the channelled water flow,\" the official added.Plans to begin soil research projects in the arid parts of the district are also underway, results of which will be used to inculcate soil properties and textures more conducive to water permeation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590268", "title": "Pre-poll shuffle for top cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Narendra Modi government effected its first set of transfers of senior police officials on Sunday ahead of the assembly elections in the state in December. As many as 68 senior police officers were transferred of which 50 are IPS officers. Sources in the government told TOI the second round is expected after the Jagannath Rath Yatra in July.The list of seven IPS officers transferred out of Ahmedabad includes joint police commissioner (traffic) Satish Verma, who had become a thorn in the government's side as a member of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) appointed by the Gujarat high court to probe Ishrat Jahan encounter case. Verma, who has been given a side-posting as principal, Police Training College, Junagadh had played a crucial role in establishing that the encounter was fake and had resulted in a fresh FIR being filed in the case by the CBI.Sources added that police officers that are seen as trouble-shooters by the Narendra Modi government, have been given posting where they would help in damage control.Of the IPS officers who have been transferred, 10 have also been promoted. Eleven police inspectors have been promoted as deputy superintendents of police.The other senior IPS officers transferred out of Ahmedabad are joint police commissioners Atul Karwal and Shamsher Singh. Karwal too have been given a fairly innocuous posting as joint director, police academy, Karai.Four deputy police commissioners of police from Ahmedabad too have been shifted out and sent to different districts. Four assistant superintendants of police too have been promoted as superintendents of police and given independent charge of districts. This apart seven dysps have also been transferred and 11 police inspectors have been promoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12589138", "title": "Metro enters automatic signal era", "text": "KOLKATA: Thousands of commuters who took the Metro on Sunday evening had a real taste of the 'no pain, no gain' slogan. The pain - waiting up to half an hour to get a train and then enduring a toe-stomping, elbow-ribbing sweaty crowd on hopelessly crowded coaches. The gain won't be felt until Tuesday when trains start running at five-minute intervals.What happened on Sunday was that the Metro moved from manual to fully automatic signaling system. When the changeover happens, services are usually stopped for the entire day, but the Kolkata Metro authorities pulled off the switch while keeping the trains running. Technicians worked all night and all through Sunday. It was a commendable feat of logistics and technology but commuters couldn't help thinking that it could have been better handled.The teething problems came to bite the Sunday crowd that was driven to the Metro by unusually overcast skies and the rush of Chaitro shopping. What made it worse is that there were no announcements on the overhead stretch (Tollygunge-New Garia). Passengers were clueless to when the next train would come.The Metro authorities have assured that services will smoothen out on Monday. In the first phase the automatic signal system will be operative between Kavi Subhas (New Garia) and Mahanayak (Tollygunge) station. Within a week, it will be extended to Dum Dum, which will enable the Metro to run trains at intervals of four to five minutes.\"Nowhere in the world does the switchover happen without train services being stopped completely. But we managed to do it without disrupting services. Of course, we had some teething problems on the first day,\" said an official.The Metro had earlier added 34 additional services, making a total of 270 runs per day on weekdays. There was a long standing demand from passengers that some trains start from Tollygunge during office hours because those that come from New Garia are already packed by the time they reach Tollygunge. On their demand, the Metro started two trains from Mahanayak Uttam Kumar station at 8.57am and 09.09am.Metro also extended its peak frequency time of 6 minutes for 11 hours in a day - 9am to 8pm. This increased frequency and helped more commuters avail of the smooth transport. However, these timings may be changed after full implementation of the automatic signal system.Till now, the Metro was using the 'absolute block signaling system' in which a certain distance has to be maintained between two trains on the same line at all times to prevent an accident. With automatic signals, this distance will be reduced considerably. This means that more trains can run at the same time.\"Our engineers and technicians have been working night and day for several months to ensure a smooth changeover. On Sunday, we introduced the first phase of automatic signals. There was a slight delay in train running as motormen had to adjust to two systems on a single trip. Between Kavi Subhas and Mahanayak, they drove in an automatic signal zone while beyond that they had to change over to absolute block signaling. Services returned to normal after a while,\" an official said.\"We have received six air-conditioned rakes. We hope to introduce trains at 5-minute intervals before our general manager, P B Murty, retires on May 31. It will be our parting gift to him,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12590251", "title": "MICA placement beats recession", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The campus placement at Mudra Institute of Communication Ahmedabad (MICA) has defied all apprehensions of global economic gloom. The placement of the students from the institute's flagship programme, Post Graduate Diploma in Management Communications, ended recently with students getting higher packages than last year.According to institute officials, the highest package has gone up from Rs 18 lakhs last year to Rs 19 lakhs this year. While the average package offered to the institute's students has risen from Rs 8.24 lakh last year to Rs 8.8 lakh this year, the number of recruiters taking part has also increased from around 45 last year to 75 this year.Apart from regular recruiters like Procter and Gamble, Loreal, Tata Steel , many new companies like Amul, Google, Citybank, IDBI Federal and Amazon took part in the recruitment for the first time. Leading management institute, Indian School of Business (ISB) in Hyderabad also recruited students from MICA in the area of corporate communications.\"Despite of apprehensions of the global economic recession at various quarters, the placement at MICA has actually not felt any adverse effect. In fact, we had a very rigorous response from the recruiters. The placement process has ended by early April after placing all the 155 students of the batch,\" said professor and chairperson of corporate relations at MICA, Vaneet Chhibber.While 40 companies visited the campus to extend job offers to the students, around 35 companies took the recruitment interviews of the students through video-conference.The students of the batch received around 15 pre-placement offers, most of which were converted into placements. While all the placements have been in domestic locations, two students who already got placed themselves opted out of the placement process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12588535", "title": "Sule to lead Phule rally on Wednesday", "text": "NASHIK: On Wednesday, a grand march to protest against and to create awareness about female foeticide in the country is being organized by the Yashwantrao Chavan Pratishthan on the occasion of Mahatma Phule's birth anniversary. The awareness rally will be led by MP Supriya Sule , daughter of NCP chief Sharad Pawar.On occasion of Phule's birth anniversary on April 11, the grand rally will start from Hutatma Smarak at 8am. Sule will lead the rally, which will proceed from Hutatma Smarak to Ashok Stambh to Raviwar Karanja, Main Road, Indira Gandhi Chowk, and from there to Mahakavi Kalidas Kala Mandir, where the rally will end with a public speech.All the activists and NGOs working in the field and women will be able to participate in this rally. In the past few years, there has been a vast difference in the male-female ratio and female foeticide is the main reason, said volunteers from the organization.They said that the rally is a part of the attempts to create awareness about the declining male-female ratio in the country and also to protest against female foeticide.The organizers have appealed to the citizens to participate in the rally in large numbers. For more details, organizers from the Yashwantrao Chavan Pratishthan, Mumbai, and its regional office in Nashik have asked people to get in touch with them on the number 9922042000. The organizers have asked citizens to join the rally that will pass through various sections of the city and also to attend the awareness lecture on female foeticide at Kalidas Kala Mandir after the rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12589995", "title": "'Dholak' beats get Simmy singing", "text": "LUDHIANA: Simmy Jain, resident of Kitchlu Nagar loves playing dholak and singing along with it. These days as the examinations of the children are over she is busy teaching her friends in the locality how to play the dholak. It also turns to an instant party everyday as they sing and dance together.''I learnt the art of playing dholak after four years of my marriage and since then I have been playing it on all functions and celebrations at my family. These days I am teaching my friends to play the dholak. We have a lot of fun singing and dancing together to dholak beats,'' said Simmy.Sakshi Jain, a homemaker and resident of Haibowal, said, ''I love the sound of dholak and the excitement it enthuses in listeners. I always wanted to learn dholak as I feel no celebration is complete without dancing to dhol beats in a Punjabi family. I have started learning dholak from Simmy and hope to surprise my family members by playing it at our next family celebration.''Suman Mishra, a homemaker from Kitchlu Nagar, said, ''I am quite excited as I am learning to play the dholak. It's great fun learning and singing along.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12595672", "title": "Dileep is on Priyamani's wishlist", "text": "Priyamani has worked with Malayalam stalwarts like Mammootty and Mohanlal in the recent past. And now the actress wants to work alongside Mollywood star Dileep.Priyamani wanted to work with Dileep since long. In fact she also got some offers in the past of working with Dileep but somehow the projects never materialized. Her desire only became stronger over the time.But after watching the recent film of Dileep, Mayamohini where he has played the role of a woman, Priyamani is mighty impressed with the actor's work. Now she has openly expressed her desire to work with Dileep. Do we see a project starring the two sometime soon?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "12589147", "title": "Youth arrested in skeleton case", "text": "MIDNAPORE: Arnab Ghosh, one of the accused in the Benachapra skeleton case, was arrested on Saturday and produced in court on Sunday. Ghosh, who was absconding, was picked up by police from his aunt's house in Ghatal.Ghosh was among the 58 accused against whom CID had filed a chargesheet on September 5. He went underground to evade arrest. His father Biman Behari Ghosh, also an accused in the same case, was arrested in August last year.Ghosh's lawyer Biswanath Ghosh argued in the Midnapore CJM court that his client was a minor when the incident happened on September 22, 2002; and hence the case be heard in the juvenile court.Judge Sujit Banerjee adjourned the hearing after referring the case to the juvenile court. Banerjee also declined CID's appeal to take Ghosh into its custody for five days. The next hearing has been slated on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12588856", "title": "Young Bilawal Bhutto Zardari &amp; Rahul Gandhi hit it off", "text": "NEW DELHI: A lot of attention was centred on two young guns - Rahul Gandhi and Bilawal Bhutto Zardari - heirs apparent to two important political dynasties in the subcontinent.Although at 43, Rahul Gandhi is now officially middle age, and must certainly seem like one to a 20-something Bilawal, the two men were seated next to each other at lunch and clearly enjoyed an animated conversation.Bilawal, who stood respectfully behind his father while he was speaking to the media, took to social media as he landed in New Delhi. \"AOA (Allah-O-Akbar) India Peace be with you. I have just landed in Delhi. 1st ever visit,\" tweeted Benazir's Oxford-educated son. He has well over 14,000 followers on Twitter. Dressed in a dark suit, Bilawal cut a natty figure.Bilawal was the only one, in his capacity as Pakistan Peoples Party chairperson, to be present during a part of the PM-Zardari conversation. Clearly, Zardari is prepping the succession.After lunch, Bilawal tweeted again. \"Prez n I enjoyed Lunch with Rahul Gandhi and PM Singh. Lovely meal. Much to learn from each other.\"Bilawal is not the official PPP chairperson and is believed to be groomed for a bigger role in the next general elections. Rahul too is widely believed to be the next Congress president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588229", "title": "High court to decide fate of LIC building", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court will decide the fate of the century-old heritage Life Insurance Corporation building in Fort. \"We will finally decide the issue,\" said a division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice R G Ketkar last week while hearing an application seeking to develop the building located in the D N Road heritage mile. The court has directed the BMC to file an additional affidavit clarifying its stand in the matter.The LIC (formerly the General Assurance Company) building, a three-storey brick-and-stone structure, was constructed way back in 1908. It housed offices of companies like Bisleri, the National Insurance Corporation, Western India Typewriter Co and the Hornby Commercial College. It first suffered damage during the infamous Bombay Docks explosion in 1944, when SS Fort Stikine, which was carrying a cargo of cotton bales, gold, and around 1,400 tons of explosives, caught fire and triggered two blasts that scattered debris, sunk other ships and killed around 800 persons. Six years ago, following torrential rains, a portion of the ceiling collapsed and all the tenants were evacuated. Today the building is the only one on the D N Road stretch, where property prices hover around Rs 40,000 per square feet, which is empty, locked up and supported by iron columns.According to the LIC, it would cost it around Rs 5 crore to demolish and redevelop the property, which could earn it more than Rs 44 crore if it were to sell the premises in the new building. However, according to the LIC, the BMC is yet to renew the lease of the building, which expired in 2001. The civic body had demanded over Rs 40 lakh per year to renew the lease, but following intervention by the state, LIC continues to pay the old rate of Rs 7,000 per year as lease rent for the prime property. \"The state said it will come out with a new leasing policy but is yet to frame it,\" said the LIC's advocate.The tenants' association claimed that the LIC had neglected to carry out repairs. The BMC had asked the LIC to demolish the entire third floor before it grants permission for repairs. \"We have demolished the third floor, but the whole building is beyond repair,\" claimed the advocate. The LIC has cited a report from VJTI that reportedly says that the building is in a 'dilapidated condition' and 'beyond repair'. The heritage committee was made a party to the petition, as its say is mandatory before any permissions can be granted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12588555", "title": "Old City riot shatters calm", "text": "HYDERABAD: Desecration of a place of worship in Kurmaguda in Madannapet on Sunday morning triggered sporadic incidents of communal violence, shattering the uneasy calm in the Old City. At least 12 persons were hurt - three of them critical after stab injuries - in day-long rioting in parts of the Old City.As a precautionary measure, curfew has been clamped in Saidabad and Madannapet police station limits and Section 144 (prohibition of assembly of over four persons) has been imposed across the city. The cops, who were beginning to breathe easy after a peaceful end to the Hanuman Jayanti rally on Friday, were jolted back into action following the Sunday violence.Trouble started at around 7.30am after locals of Kurmaguda found a place of worship desecrated with paint and animal body parts. Following protests, police pressed a dog squad to trace the culprit. The sniffer dog traced the scent to a fuel outlet near the office of assistant commissioner of police (Malakpet division). A mob of over 200 that was following the dog soon started pelting stones at shops and establishments there. A little later, the agitators went berserk and vent their ire by damaging windshields of APSRTC buses and personal vehicles.The mob targeted shops till they reached Madannapet market. Soon, violence spread to surrounding areas as pitched battles were fought between two groups in various places of Saidabad and Madannapet.As the violence continued unabated in pockets of Kurmaguda, a crowd of over 50 from another community began throwing stones at houses at Pusalabasti in Saidabad. Residents of Pusalabasti also retaliated and the outnumbered cops were reduced to being mute spectators. The situation was brought under control by 11am after police sent in reinforcements.After the police took control, a bike rider who stopped near another place of worship in Zakir Hussain Colony was beaten up and his bike set ablaze. Similar incidents of vehicle burning were reported at Kurmaguda and other places.By this time, the news of communal clashes had spread and three persons were stabbed in separate incidents: two youngsters from Madhapur, who were on their way to Madannept to visit their sister, were stabbed in Chanchalguda; while another person, who went to a place of worship, was stabbed in Madannapet.A person was also attacked with boulders in the vicinity of the ACP Malakpet's office, where senior officials of the Hyderabad police were camping in. At several locations, police had to lob tear gas shells to quell the agitators.Six persons suffered injuries in stone pelting in Pusalabasti, Zakir Hussain Colony, Sapotabagh areas of Saidabad police limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12588071", "title": "Soda a day may see 20% rise in heart attack risk", "text": "MUMBAI: Tempting as it may be due to rising mercury levels but people having fizzy drinks daily are at 20% higher risk of getting heart disease than those who don't, a new study suggests. Also, people who drink diet sodas every day have a 61% higher risk of bursting a blood vessel. What is alarming is that even children, who consume 40-70 ml of soft drinks a day, may put on 3-5 kilos every year.\"Youngsters don't drink water but readily gulp down colas. They have to be told that what you do when you are a 10-year-old shows on your heart when you are 40 years old,\" says heart surgeon Dr Ramakanta Panda of Asian Heart Institute in Bandra Kurla Complex. And that for Mumbai's doctors is a worrying factor, as children in Indian cities are getting increasingly hooked on to soft drinks.\"The intake could have gone up to 100 ml a day now,\" says Dr Anoop Mishra, an endocrinologist with Fortis Hospital in Delhi, who conducted the study for Delhi-based Diabetes Foundation three years ago.But what makes soft drinks such a health hazard is that taking a cola a day is equivalent to having seven to eight spoons of sugar at a time, says Dr Shashank Joshi, an endocrinologist with Lilavati Hospital in Bandra. The carbohydrates or sugars only provide empty calories without any nutrition, merely adding to one's weight. \"It's a well-documented fact that sugary soft drinks lead to high cholesterol , high blood pressure and diabetes,\" he says.The latest study from Harvard School of Public Health in Boston shows sugary drinks hit men's heart hard. The diet and health habits of 43,000 men were followed from 1986 to 2008, showing that 3,683 men who had sugary beverage every day had coronary heart disease in comparison to those who didn't.Another study from the University of Sydney found that children who drank one or more soft drinks each day had narrower arteries in the back portion of their eye- a factor linked to higher risk of heart disease and high blood pressure.Doctors believe it's time society adopted a hard stance against soft drinks. Dr Panda is tying with an NGO to create health awareness in school. Dr Joshi believes it's time to ban soft drinks from homes and schools, while Dr Mishra says soft drinks' consumption should be restricted to once or twice a week.Dr Jagmeet Madan, who heads SNDT University's Nutrition College, says that children are discerning enough to understand when told that empty calories found in colas is bad. \"We can tell them that there are 'sometime foods' and 'everytime foods'. It is only when 'sometime foods' like colas become 'everytime foods' that the problem arises,\" she adds.A paper published in this week's American Journal of Nutrition provides a heartening observation. The article by researchers of University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill hints that a person's overall diet may decide just how harmful is the soft drink-a-day routine. It found that people who had a prudent diet (freshly cooked meals) had lowest risk of heart diseases in comparison to people who eat processed food (including meat) along with soft drinks every day. \"One should physically work the effects of a sugary drink off,\" adds Dr Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12588827", "title": "Crime against senior citizens rise, separate crime wing likely", "text": "KOLKATA: The crime graph against the elderly residents on the southern fringes of the city - the area which came under Kolkata Police's jurisdiction almost five months ago - is on a steady rise. has led several residents and groups working for the senior citizens to question whether the change has worked towards controlling crime in the area.The latest robbery attempt in Haridevpur at the residence of a senior citizen - Pratima Guha Sarkar - is the sixth such attack on senior citizens in the city this year. The other incidents were reported from Kasba, East Jadavpur, Thakurpukur and Parnasree - most of which are in the added areas. \"We had thought that the murder at Phulbagan last year was a one-off case. But the robbery attempts on senior citizens continued unabated even after most of these cases were cracked. And worse is the involvement of different gangs in these incidents. This shows criminals are finding the elderly people as easy target,'' said a senior police officer.Though, police complain that the senior citizens do not get themselves registered, there are reasons behind this. \"A significant section of any city's population - including Kolkata - is the elderly people, but only a small number of senior citizens have got themselves registered with the police. And even after this paper work, the cops don't bother to visit them. Considering this, the rise in number of attacks should not come as a surprise,\" said a spokesperson of Help Age India in New Delhi.Meanwhile, the cops are planning to set up a separate wing of detective department for these added areas is still to see some ground action. Apart from a separate crime wing, the officers are also looking for an independent control room for better mobilization of force. Though the idea was hatched several months back, the implementation is yet to begin.The NGOs now say that they will make representations before the police to run a \"specific'' sensitization programme in these added areas. \"Very few senior citizens know that they can register with the Kolkata Police senior citizen programme - Pranam. Even those, who know about it, do not know that it has an office near the Ballygunge police station. But mere registration will not serve the purpose, unless the cops visit them,'' said Rishikant from another NGO.After taking over the areas, which was earlier known as south industrial zone under South 24-Paraganas district police, Kolkata Police divided it into 17 police stations. Earlier, there were only nine police stations. Even after setting up eight more police stations, the average area under each police station in this expanded area is more than the jurisdiction of a single police station in the city proper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12594480", "title": "Women would identify with my role in Mohalla Assi: Sakshi Tanvar", "text": "Actor Sakshi Tanvar is looking forward to her film Mohalla Assi directed by Dr Chandraprakash Dwivedi opposite Sunny Deol .\"I have a strong role in the film.The character which I play is something with whom a lot of women would identity with as she always sticks with her husband's decision. Like all women she has highs and lows but ultimately it culminates into something beautiful.It is till now the best role for me and I have a lot of hopes from this film.It was a wonderful experience working with Sunny Deol who made sure that I was comfortable with him as he never treated me as a new comer.Contrary to his image of an action hero he is a very soft mannered individual and it was a great learning experience working with him,\"\" she says", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12590336", "title": "Driving school owner held for molesting woman", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police have registered a complaint on Saturday against a driving school owner-cum-instructor for allegedly molesting a woman student inside a car at Ondipudur on Friday. The instructor was bashed up by the passers-by after the woman shouted for help. He is now undergoing treatment in a private hospital.Police said a 23-year-old woman joined in a driving school, owned by Thirumurthy, 42, to learn car driving three days ago. Thirumurthy himself trained her and the first day of the training went smoothly. On Friday afternoon, the instructor took her alone in a car and tried to misbehave with her. When the car reached Ondipudur rail overbridge, the woman warned Thirumurthy and asked him to stop the car. However, the instructor didn't pay heed to her warning. She then tried to open the car door and told him that she would jump off from the car. Out of fear, Thirumurthy stopped the car and when the woman got down she shouted for help. When the instructor tried to flee from the scene, passers-by besieged and attacked him. Later, Thirumurthy was admitted in a private hospital with injuries.Meanwhile, the woman had lodged a complaint with Singanallur police station on Saturday. The police have registered a complaint against Thirumurthy under section 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 506 (i) (criminal intimidation) of IPC. Thirumurthy is still undergoing treatment at the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12588976", "title": "35 acres of land near Outer Ring Road 'returned' to Wakf Board", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government on Sunday handed over 35 acre 'unacquired' land belonging to the Dargah Hazrat Baba Sharfuddin Aulia (Pahadi Shareef) to the State Wakf Board on Sunday.MIM MLA Akbaruddin Owaisi, who was present on the occasion, informed mediapersons that the government had acquired 2131 acres of land in survey number 99/1 (dargah land) in 1956 by claiming the land was part of Nizam's private land when it actually belonged to the dargah. \"The Nizam's trust had confirmed that it did not own the land. This matter is now subjudice. But after we came to know that land to the tune of 85 acres was not acquired by the government but acknowledged by them to exist, we demanded that this land be returned. Of this 50 acre was returned earlier. The government has now returned 35 acres of land in Koheda village close to the Outer Ring Road to the Wakf Board,\" he said.In 2007, after the government was seized of the matter when it was raised in the Assembly, the then chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy decided to return the 85 acres of dargah land which was recognized as unacquired land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12593297", "title": "Anuj Tikku detained for dad\u2019s murder at Andheri", "text": "The Oshiwara police have detained a small-time actor in connection with the murder of his father at Andheri on Saturday. They are searching for two other persons for their suspected role in the crime.The suspect Anuj Tikku is the CEO of a firm that deals with events, TV commercials and content for radio. He is a familiar face in the advertising industry and has had a few Bollywood roles to his credit.Ghaziabad-based businessman Arun Tikku was found with stab injuries in a flat on the first floor of Samarth Angan Society in Lokhandwala. Arun, who owned three flats on the same floor, was in the city to meet Anuj, who lives in one of the flats.Police said a neighbour saw two men in Anuj's flat, and Arun frantically waving from the window just before his body was found. The neighbour rushed to the flat with the building watchman.\"The men claimed to be the tenants and said that Arun had suffered a seizure. However, when the watchman saw blood on the floor, he locked the two men in the house,\" said an officer from Oshiwara police station.When police reached the spot, the duo had managed to flee. Cops found Arun in a pool of blood with a wire around his neck. Arun was taken to Cooper Hospital in Vile Parle, where doctors declared him brought dead.Police said of the three flats, Anuj had rented one to a foreign national and her husband, identified as Manoj Palande. Manoj last spoke to Anuj on Saturday after which his phone was switched off, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-09"}
