{"city": "theni", "code": "17540134", "title": "Barred from Theni temple, dalit priest commits suicide", "text": "THENI: A dalit priest, who was prevented from entering a temple in Theni district, allegedly committed suicide on Friday. Police said S Nagamuthu, 23, left behind a note saying he was threatened by some non-dalit members of the temple administration committee and police officers to withdraw a case he had filed against them.On September 17, TOI had reported that Nagamuthu, a priest with the Kailasanathar temple at T Kallupatti village, was asked by the committee members not to enter the temple and perform puja. When Nagamuthu questioned the decision, he was allegedly beaten up. With the help of some activists, Nagamuthu filed a petition in the Madurai bench of the Madras high court, which directed the police to do a proper investigation. The Thenkarai police registered an FIR on August 2 based on his complaint.Nagamuthu's father K Subburaj said he was under pressure to withdraw the case. \"He was threatened by influential people to withdraw it. My son was scared. He mentioned the names of seven people, who threatened him, in his suicide note.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17544493", "title": "Rohit, Rituparna and Hrishitaa shoot for Mrs Sen in Bangkok", "text": "They are shooting the sequence where Anuradha rushes to meet her husband Somnath Sen in Thailand after hearing that he has met with an accident.Tollywood is on a roll and how! Shooting in foreign locales is no longer a rarity but has almost become a norm for the Bengali film industry now. Director Agnideb Chatterjee, television actor Rohit Roy and Tolly actress Rituparna Sengupta are shooting in Bangkok for Mrs Sen. They are shooting the sequence where Somanth Sen's (Rohit Roy) wife Anuradha (Rituparna) rushes to meet her husband in Thailand after hearing that he has met with an accident. There she gets a shock of her life as she finds out about her husband's extra-marital affair with Sohini. The role of Sohini will be played by Bolly beauty Hrishitaa Bhatt. The major part of the film is being shot in Thailand. The cast and crew of the film are in Bangkok since December 2. \"We will be returning on December 15,\" said the director from Bangkok in an sms. This is the director's third film with Rituparna after Charulata 2011 and psychological thriller 3 Kanya . This is also Rohit's third film with Ritu after Bhorer Alo and Mittal vs Mittal .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17544884", "title": "Nitish writes to PM for special status to Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar has said that with per capita income being one third of the country and low developmental indices in all core sectors, the state would need at least 30 years to catch up with the national average and urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to grant special category status to the state to spur its growth.The demand has been made by Kumar through a letter written to the PM which he handed over to him during a meeting on December 6 in New Delhi, an official statement said here on Sunday.In his six-page letter, the CM contested a report of inter-ministerial group (IMG) set up by the PM which suggested that Bihar's development deficit needed special resource support to overcome economic and infrastructure backwardness but rejected its plea for special status.\"As if with settled predilections and hurried consultations, the IMG came to the conclusion that Bihar does not have a hilly terrain or a sparse population to deserve a special category state status,\" Kumar wrote in the letter, a copy of which was made available to media on Sunday.Contesting the report, he said, \"this was some what ironical, if not contradictory, because on several key parameters particularly the proneness to natural disaster, high population density and being at the rock bottom of all developmental indicators should have led to the opposite conclusion.\"Kumar told Singh that lakhs of people from every walk and segment had assembled here on November 4 this year (in JD-U Adhikar rally) to take a collective pledge to continue their struggle till a special category status was accorded to the state.Demanding policy frameworks for mainstreaming backward states like Bihar, Kumar cited statistics to highlight poor developmental indicators of Bihar.He said while the per capita income of non-special category states in 2009-10 was Rs 914, the share of Bihar was a meagre Rs 465. The same was Rs 1,715 in Punjab, Rs 1,640 in Haryana and Rs 1,274 in Tamil Nadu.In addition, Bihar also has the lowest per capita spending on education, health, social and other economic services, he added.Per capita development expenditure in Bihar is Rs 3600 compared to the national average of Rs 6,100. Likewise, per capita net state domestic product of Bihar for 2011-12 at Rs 15,268 was well below the national average of Rs 38,005.Bihar's industrial sector contributes only about 16 per cent to its gross state domestic product as against 26 per cent for the national average, he underlined in his letter.Further, he said the per capita electricity consumption in Bihar stagnated at 122 units compared to the national average of 778 kWh.He demanded revision of Gadgil Formula for ensuring higher devolution for a backward state like Bihar as on over-riding priority for inclusive growth as envisaged under the 12th Five Year plan.Kumar said the new Direct Tax Code (DTC) permit an industrially backward state to receive a tax holiday on private investments both for income tax, corporate tax and related minimum alternate tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17540725", "title": "Religion can't be thrust upon a child, says HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Observing that religion cannot be thrust upon a child, the Bombay high court has rejected a plea to hand over the custody of a three-year-old girl, born to a Christian father and Hindu mother, to her paternal family who wanted to raise her as a Roman Catholic.The matter pertained to a minor girl whose father had fatally stabbed his wife and was behind bars. The father, his sister and the girl's maternal grand father had filed guardianship petitions seeking custody of the child. The girl's father and aunt submitted that they wanted the child to be raised as a Roman Catholic. They said Catholic rituals must be performed and she must attend a convent school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538665", "title": "Brace for fog, chill &amp; rain this week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Brace for light fog and some chill by the middle of the coming week. The city, which has been experiencing warm days, might also receive light rain around December 12, thanks to a western disturbance over J&amp;K.; On Saturday, Gurgaon saw the day temperature climb to 30.3 degrees Celsius, while the Delhi's maximum was 26.8 degrees Celsius \u00e2\u20ac\u201d three degrees above normal.\"The weather over northwest India is likely to be stable till December 11. However, a fresh WD is expected then, which will bring about a change in temperature... The exact situation will become clear only when the WD arrives and the wind pattern becomes evident,\" said a Met official.Shallow fog has been predicted for the city and parts of northwest India on December 11 and 12, after which temperatures are expected to fall. Rain and snow is expected over parts of J&K;, Himachal and Uttarakhand from Sunday. Rain and thundershowers are also possible over one or two places over the northwest plains in the next few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542675", "title": "2012 - worst year of my life: Tulisa", "text": "Tulisa Contostavlos has revealed that she has been struggling to cope with the criticism that she has faced over the last 12 months.\"I haven't been able to sleep all week, I've got terrible insomnia ,\" the Mirror quoted her as telling the Daily Mail.\"This has been the worst year of my life. It's been horrid,\" she said.According to the singer, it's mostly because of the criticism she faced after getting together with Newcastle United footballer Danny Simpson earlier in the year.\"My world turned upside down. I'd finally found happiness and fallen head over heels for someone, and then an ex-girlfriend comes out and says I shouldn't be happy,\" Tulisa said.\"I've spent years trying to build my career, and with one headline this girl made the public think something of me that isn't true. I don't believe in sitting back and letting people lie about you. I have every right to defend myself.\"I knew Danny hadn't been in a relationship with her for months. He showed me their text messages. He called her as a courtesy to let her know he was with me - I heard the call because he put it on speakerphone. It was only then that she told him she was pregnant.\"\"He had no idea. I heard everything. It's preposterous that people think I can be branded a home-wrecker and I should still rise above it. That would make me a robot like every other celebrity.\"\"He told me everything, including that there was a mother of his child who'd try and rip us apart. Danny's not a bad person. Every man has it in them to be a good person if he's with the right woman.\"He's trying to be there for me so we can go through this together. He's having to play football with thousands of people screaming abuse at him, while I've got to go on national TV every weekend,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17544939", "title": "Priscilla Presley to star in Snow White pantomime", "text": "Elvis Presley's widow Priscilla is about to embark on her most daunting challenge to date - starring in her first ever pantomime at London's New Wimbledon Theatre opposite 'Life's Too Short' star Warwick Davis .As the Wicked Queen in 'Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs,' Priscilla will have to don a thigh-baring costume and withstand the boos and hisses of the crowd on a nightly basis.\"I'm really nervous about it, but also really excited too. She's a very vain queen, so I get to make fun of beauty and vanity,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.\"I haven't seen a pantomime before, but I've done my homework and I know how popular they are. I thought it would be a small theatre, but when I went to London for a costume fitting and found it seated 1,700 people I thought, 'Oh my God - what have I done?'\"But I've always wanted to do a play and I liked the idea that this was all about family. My daughter will be there and I thought about her little ones when I agreed to do this because they're crazy about Snow White,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539569", "title": "Lid of Bandra manhole gives way under truck", "text": "MUMBAI: A small portion of a road, along with a manhole cover, caved in under the weight of a truck in Bandra on Saturday morning.The incident occurred in Bandra Bazaar when the wheel of a truck that was passing over the manhole got stuck in the manhole after its cover gave way under the vehicle's weight. According to an eye witness, the road surface around the manhole had also sunk in. Experts say that this is a classic example of what could go wrong in the absence of BMC maintenance.\"The problem is that the maintenance staff is never on the road and acts only after an incident has occurred,\" said a civic official. By Saturday evening, the local ward office had repaired the manhole cover in Bandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17540767", "title": "Animal husbandry fair draws crowd", "text": "KANNUR: The three-day animal husbandry fair, Darshanam '12, which began here on Friday opens new avenues for the prospective entrepreneurs in dairy and poultry business. People are thronging the fair to see ordinary varieties and rare breeds of birds, cows and dogs.The major attractions are the stalls set up by two women who find their business the most engaging and at the same time most relaxing business.\"This is not just a business. It gives me relief from my tensions,\" said Sreeja Sasidharan, who runs a poultry farm and a hatchery in Mundayad. Her stall at the fair has different varieties of rare bird species apart from domesticated varieties.\"Rearing them is a passion for me and I have many varieties of costly birds in my hatchery, like the Lady Amherst's pheasant, which is a native to southwestern China,\" she said. The bird costs around Rs 30,000 a pair. Apart from emu, Black Lace pheasant and other rare breeds from other countries, she also breeds quails on commercial basis.\"This business has great possibility if you spend quality time for them,\" said Sreeja who has been successfully running the business for the last 13 years.Sreelatha N K, who runs a kennel and dog training centre in Karivelloor, completely agrees with Sreeja.\"To manage the business of birds and animals one requires utmost care and patience,\" said Sreelatha who is also the first female dog trainer in Kerala.\"I entered the business 10 years back and now I supply many varieties of dogs, including rottweiler , German shepherd , pug and doberman. The rates vary from Rs 5,000 to 15,000 a puppy,\" she said.It is ideal to buy the puppies within 60 days of their birth and training can be started once they become three months old. The main training that she gives is on domestic behaviours and etiquettes.Though this is a part-time occupation for Sreelatha, who is a lecturer in civil engineering in the engineering college in Dharmashala, she said she spends a considerable chunk of her spare time in rearing and training dogs, thus making her business a great success.On the other hand, for M Kunhikrishnan, a teacher in Payyannur South UP School, rearing cows is the passion. He has come to the fair with a range of cows in his stable, including gir, kapila, sindhi red, Kasaragod dwarf and Kasaragod high range.If your aim is just to make money, then it is better not to choose this business, they advise.More than money it is the love for the animals, who express all their feelings through silent gestures, that make your business a success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539570", "title": "'South Mumbai landlord may have been killed'", "text": "MUMBAI: Was the landlord of Yusuf Manzil on Lamington Road, which collapsed in 2009, kidnapped and killed? Allegedly yes, if crime branch investigations are to be believed. Hakim Soheb Khambati, the owner of the 75-year-old, five-storey building, was kidnapped and his body dumped in a Thane creek, sometime last year.The Mumbai crime branch on Saturday arrested Mohammed Namakwala Memon (35) on grounds of suspicion that he, along with two of his brothers, had killed Hakim and dumped the body. While Mohammed has been booked for kidnapping, wrongful confinement and murder, a hunt is on for the brothers.The case came to light when Hakim's relative, Shabbir Niyazwala, filed a hebeas corpus complaint with the Bombay high court alleging that the Dharavi police had not done anything and the case therefore beinvestigated. Following the complaint, the court directed the crime branch to initiate a probe.\"During investigations, we found that Memon, who was a tenant at Yusuf Manzil, had claimed to be the building's owner and had produced a power of attorney for Hakim; but the latter was missing. We have also identified Hakim's body which was disposed of as unclaimed,\" said Praful Bhosle, assistant commissioner of police (crime).The case further relates to the collapse at Yusuf Manzil, which resulted in the death of its 85-year-old landlady Zubeida Khambati, Hakim's mother. Zubeida lived with Hakim on the fifth floor, while three of her cousins, Yunus Memon, Irfan Memon and Imran Memon, lived on the ground floor.The 75-year-old structure had allegedly crashed due to unauthorized construction work on the ground floor. Investigations revealed that the Memons allegedly demolished the building's staircase, police said. \"The Memons had broken the staircase connecting the ground and first floors. Despite complaints to MHADA and the police, no action was taken,\" said a police official.It is also believed that the Memons wanted to buy the building but Hakim had refused to sell it. Following the collapse, MHADA had given Hakim alternative accommodation in Dharavi from where the latter went missing. \"A complaint was lodged at the Dharavi police station,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime). Now, the crime branch probe has revealed that the suspects may have kidnapped Hakim and made him sign a power of attorney, following which they killed him and dumped his body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17538990", "title": "S S Dhillon pulls up HUDA over tardy progress of projects", "text": "GURGAON: Finance commissioner S S Dhillon has pulled up officials of the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) over a number of issues, including sanitation and sweeping work in the city.The finance commissioner held a meeting with the HUDA officials to review the progress of several projects. Sources said the finance commissioner had instructed the HUDA officials to chalk out a detailed plan for constructing cycling tracks in the city. As per the tentative plan, HUDA has earmarked over 700km road length, both in inner sector roads and the main road, for developing cycling tracks. \"The finance commissioner had wanted to find out the specific areas where the footpaths are not built properly and are disjointed,\" said a senior HUDA official.The HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar, had announced that city roads would have cycling tracks soon.The spadework for the cycling tracks has been done but the actual construction of the tracks would take time and would require consultation with the traffic police. \"The input from the traffic police would be required to ascertain the exact feasibility factor of the roads for constructing the cycling tracks,\" said another HUDA official.There are no estimates of cyclists in the city, but HUDA has concentrated on the residential and inner sector roads to construct the cycling tracks.In the meeting, Dhillon also pulled up the HUDA officials for not expediting the allotment of the disputed plot owners.There are over 600 such plot owners who had gone to Punjab and Haryana high court seeking alternative plots since HUDA had allotted them plots which are on disputed land. \"The details of demarcation of land and plots had been submitted to the finance commissioner and he wanted all the work to be done on a priority basis,\" said the HUDA official.A source said HUDA was facing problems on the land demarcation front. \"The record section is busy checking the exact status of the land in each sector before demarcation. For this, the legal status of each vacant plot is being checked before adding it in the bank of plots earmarked for the eligible plot owners,\" said another HUDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540838", "title": "Gas blast kills technician in heritage building", "text": "KOLKATA: An AC technician was killed and another injured when a gas cylinder exploded at the Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industries (Bbuilding in Dalhousie on Saturday.This is the first such accident in the century-old building. DC-central D P Singh said they had not yet found anything to suspect foul play.\"All aspects are being probed. The victims had come to refuel the central air-cooling plant,\" he said.The offices were empty when the explosion was heard around 4:30pm. \"I rushed to the second-floor and saw two persons lying on the ground. There was a lot of blood,\" said Janmejoy Halder, a staff of Palladian lounge, the AC banquet of Bengal chamber.The victims were taken to hospital where Sentu Majumder, 40, was declared dead. Md Jaswin Khan, 38, is in a critical condition.\"The AC plants are services on the weekends when the office remains closed. No Bengal Chamber official was in the building when the incident took place,\" said H S Das, a chamber official.Bengal Chamber of Commerce president Kallol Dutta said that he had heard from the service contractor that the two workers were refuelling the AC plant. \"There was a blast in the gas cylinder which they brought from outside. It is a very unfortunate incident,\" he said.A party of the West Bengal Mineral Development and Trading Corporation was scheduled at Palladian lounge later in the evening. It was cancelled after the blast.The Bengal chamber house has offices of Bengal Chamber of Commerce and Industries, Confederation of Indian Industries and Indian Tea Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17539501", "title": "Govt to launch \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSkill Gurukuls\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 in Naxal-affected districts", "text": "RAIPUR: After having launched a 'livelihood college' in the Maoist hotbed of Dantewada in tribal Bastar region, Chhattisgarh government has decided to start 'Skill Gurukuls' in 10 Naxalite affected districts for skill enhancement of youth and to provide them with ample opportunities of employment and self-employment.\"The project is being launched on December 25, the birthday of former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee on whose initiative Chhattisgarh was carved out of Madhya Pradesh in November 2000,\" chief minister Raman Singh announced at PAN IIT Global Conference 2012 being held in Kolkata.A government spokesman said here that the first 'skill Gurukul' would start on December 25 in Rajnandgaon district, a part of which is naxalite affected.Speaking at the conference, the chief minister expressed the hope that Maoist violence-hit Bastar district would witness development after the commissioning of a Rs.10,000 crore steel plant, being set up by the public sector National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC) with a capacity of three million tonnes per annum. He said the NMDC steel plant was expected to start production by 2014.\"We had faced Maoist violence in Sarguja region, bordering Jharkhand. The region is now 100% peaceful. Now, we have stepped up development initiatives in Bastar region,\" he added.The 'Livelihood College', locally known as Guzarbasar College, in Dantewada has opened new doors in the Maoist hotbed where it provides vocational training and helps people in the age group of 15 to 35 years to choose a career. The success of this unique college is such that youth from this remote area have now found jobs within and even outside the state.The college offers short-term residential courses to youth irrespective of their educational background. A free month-long training in courses for solar panel electricians, plumbers, sales and marketing, office administration, security guard training, designing and tailoring is also offered. Students there are given accommodation, practical training and a certificate signed by the district collector on completion of the course.The project is being launched on December 25, the birthday of Atal Bihari Vajpayee on whose initiative Chhattisgarh was carved out.We had faced Maoist violence in Sarguja , bordering Jharkhand. It is now 100% peaceful.Raman Singh| chief minister", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17540788", "title": "Mafia spoils collector's bid to stop sand trafficking", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Sand mafia goons on Saturday sabotaged a bid by Kozhikode district collector K V Mohan Kumar to intercept a tipper truck by unloading sand on the vehicle in which he and revenue officials were chasing them. The team had a narrow escape even as the driver sped away with the tipper bearing registration number KL/7/5837. It was later found abandoned near Mankavu.Mohan Kumar told STOI that the incident took place around 3.30am. He and team were waiting near the Feroke bridge in a car hired from a rent-a-car service when they spotted the tipper. \"Our first attempt to stop it was blocked by an escort on bike. But we chased it,\" he said.The tipper tried dodging them by turning into a narrow road. But realizing that we were right on their tail, the crew emptied sand with the clear intention of harming us, he said.Police identified its crew as Rasiq Kapoor of Mankavu and A Ashiq of Olavanna. A search its owner Naoshad Ali of Malappuram is also on. None of them has been taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17538935", "title": "Anna Hazare recovering in hospital", "text": "GURGAON: Social activist Anna Hazare , who was admitted to a private hospital here Friday, is recovering and will be discharged in a day or two, a doctor said on Saturday.\"Anna is not under stress at present. A team of doctors led by Naresh Trehan is keeping close watch on medical reports of Anna. He is better than Friday. Hopefully he will allowed to go home in a day or two,\" K L Sehgal, a senior doctor of Medicity Medanta, said.\"He is recovering and his vitals are stable. He was given food on the directions of a nutritionist. He needs more rest,\" he said. Hazare, 75, was admitted to the hospital after he complained of cough, acidity and weakness.In a message to his supporters from the in the intensive care unit, Hazare said: \"I'm recovering and will soon meet the activists from January. I will go for awareness campaign across the country as scheduled.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538654", "title": "Our art is getting lost: Jatin Das", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Noted painter Jatin Das thinks something is seriously wrong with our art education as we focus on Picasso and Leonardo Da Vince while ignoring the rich heritage of art and culture of the country.\"In our art schools no one is teaching the tradition of arts like temple designs, murals, motifs, sculpture, sthapati and rural crafts. We have fantastic poetry and extraordinary music under the skin of our country, which is almost lost. Ironically, a state which is so rich in art and culture has not included them in its art curriculum,\" said Das, speaking on the topic 'Painting: Aesthetic of the visual' on the concluding day of Think Literature 2012 festival here on Saturday.Delving down memory lane, Das shared, \"When I used to travel between Bhubaneswar and Baripada, there were lush green rice fields on both sides of the roads. But slowly the rice fields were replaced by buildings. The art of nature is lost. People don't know how to strike a balance between modernity and tradition.\"Echoing Das' sentiments, painter Charan Sharma chose to focus on the vanishing literary and art magazines, which used to be a source of information for many. \"Modern day parents should take their children to museums, art galleries and zoos instead of visiting food joints on weekends so that children get inspiration and ideas,\" he said.Veteran painters Nimisha Shrma and Jagannath Panda also shared their views during the session. Other forums at the festival covering a range of issues were, 'Popular Vs Serious: Sizing up the short story', 'The great Indian Novel', 'Media: Conflict and resolution', 'Nativism and translation', 'Theatre: Practice, politics and pleasure', 'Politics: Do the poor matter?' and 'The music of poetry'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543390", "title": "Alicia Keys has found a fan in son", "text": "Alicia Keys' son's favourite lullaby is her song \"Not Even the King\".Egypt, Alicia's son with hip-hop producer husband Swizz Beatz , loves when his mother sings to him and always requests one of the tracks she wrote for him from her new album, \"Girl on Fire\".\"His favourite lullaby is my song 'Not Even the King. The first line is about money and he goes 'Money, Money'. It's really cute,\" poople quoted the 31-year-old as saying.Alicia has previously told how her son is already showing musical promise, and is starting to learn instruments despite being only two years old.\"He plays (piano). Egypt has a stark sense of rhythm. He also plays the drums already. He likes that most. The kid's making noise all day long,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17541388", "title": "Engineering student hangs herself", "text": "BANGALORE: Engineering student Pavitra Prasad, 21, allegedly committed suicide at her Mutyalnagar residence in Yeshwantpur on Friday afternoon. She was studying VI semester at Reva Engineering college in Yelahanka , police said. However, the motive is not clear as no death note was recovered.Preliminary investigation revealed that Pavitra was alone when she took the extreme step. Her father Prasad runs a ration depot in Yeshwantpur while mother Shaila is a homemaker. She is also survived by a younger sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "17538674", "title": "Jumbos send villagers scurrying for cover", "text": "BALASORE: A herd of 120 elephants from Jharkhand's Dalma sanctuary continued to wreak havoc in Balasore's Nilagiri area forcing hundreds of people to flee their homes and spend nights on treetops braving the chill for nearly a week. Villagers of Hatimunda have even built makeshift sheds atop trees and placed rope beds. \"I climb the trees everyday at 9 pm when the animals come charging into our village. They damage valuables and leave at dawn. That's when I climb down,\" said Sukumar Majhi of Hatimunda.The herd of around 35 tuskers and 30 calves had sneaked into Odisha through West Bengal and has been wreaking havoc in Balasore and Mayurbhanj districts. The worst affected villages are Siadimal, Teraldihi, Kalighati, Kunchibania, Chainder, Ambajhar, Hatiganda, Bayarsahi, Budusahi, Tulasidiha Dangarasahi, Naranpur and Sataranda.The wild animals have stayed put in the area prompting villages to blame the forest dept for doing nothing to drive away the animals. The villagers are worried as paddy is ready for harvest. \"The elephants are destroying everything in the villages. The forest and revenue officials have visited the area but no permanent step has been taken to end the elephant menace. Villagers are very scared about their safety,\" said Laxman Majhi, a villager.But divisional forest officer Kedarnath Swain said around 170 forest and police officials personnel have been engaged to drive away the elephants. \"The jumbos are now camping inside Jodibali forest. We have sealed the Jodibali-Ayodhya route and trying to drive them through Gopalpur-Patana,\" he said, ruing that people have manhandled the forest officials and damaged a vehicle in anger.So far, the elephants have damaged nearly 102 houses and destroyed paddy in more than 100 acres. The forest officials have stopped power supply to the area from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. to prevent electrocution of the animals.As many as 300 people live in Hatimunda, a village close to Kuldiha wildlife sanctuary. A section of the villagers have left for their relatives' place. Many have taken shelter in temporary camps and schools, where they are being provided food by the district administration.Sub-collector Manoj Kumar Mohanty said people affected by the elephant menace are being provided free food. \"Besides, I have asked the revenue and forest officials to assess the damage once the herd moves away. The affected persons will be compensated as per norm,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17539260", "title": "5 more demoiselle cranes found dead", "text": "RAJKOT: Five more demoiselle cranes were found dead and two were found sick near Navavada wetland near Kodinar in Junagadh district on Saturday.Forest department officials swung into action and carried out postmortem of the birds. The viscera were sent to the forensic laboratory in Junagadh for further investigation.On December 2, around 45 demoiselle cranes were found dead near Victor dam in Rajula taluka of Amreli district.\"We have sent the sick birds to animal care centre in Sasan (Gir) for treatment,'' range forest officer, Jamvala Forest Range, L D Parmar said.Sources said forest department does not want to take any chances and have sent the samples to Bhopal-based High Security Animal Disease Laboratory and Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Natural History (SACON) based in Coimbatore.\"We are awaiting the reports from both institutes to know the exact cause of deaths,\" forest department officials said.Sources said the deaths of so many cranes on Saurashtra' coast has put the departments of forests, animal husbandry and health on a high alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538714", "title": "New political party only for those with love marriages", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Biswanath Ramachandra Champa Swapnaji Taslima Voltaire . Hold your breath; this is the name of a person, a retired government college Reader; each name was added over the years to his original name Ramachandra in memory of his father, mother, wife, the Bangladeshi writer and French philosopher he adores.B Ramachandra, as he is popularly known, is into a kind of work many feel shy to discuss, solemnizing 5,165 love marriages in the past 30 years through the Anti-caste marriage &amp; one child family organisation of India (AMOFOI), an organisation he set up.Always seen with a green cap on his head and an AMOFOI batch on his pocket, Ramachandra, has now scripted a new work for himself, to launch a new political party and plunge into active politics. Like his long name, he has kept the name of his party, MGG Love Marriage Zindabad Party of India. M, according to Ramachandra, stands for Macaulay, who in 1835 had suggested to the then British Governor General William Bentick, to introduce Western education of English literature and science, while the two Gs in the beginning of the party's name denote \"global government\".\"No political party presently supports our causes like love marriage, one child norm, global government, total disarmament, proportional system of elections like in Germany and scientific quality education in English medium for all children. I have been campaigning for all this even when I was teaching in college, unmindful of the regular threatening telephone calls and attempts to assault me. I had long dreamed to give shape to my idea. Hence, this political party,\" Ramachandra said. \"I have convened a meeting of all those who had love marriages through AMOFOI on December 9 to formally give birth to the political party,\" he pointed out.According to Ramachandra, selection of candidates would be \"strictly on merit\". \"Only those who have love marriages and leading an ethical family life would be allowed to contest from our party. Bachelors or persons having extra-marital affairs will not be given tickets, because they, I think, cannot understand the pulse of the people,\" he said.\"My idea of a political party or persons ought to be in political life may sound unpopular to some, but we strongly believe in love marriage, free speech, liberty and equality. Endogamous (caste-based) marriages arranged by parents and imposed on their children are not conducive to democracy. Exogamous marriages can only usher in a healthy and tension-free society,\" he pointed out.Ramachandra, who hails from a Brahmin family and dropped his title \"Acharya\" and threw his sacred thread while pursuing his graduation, did have love marriage and encouraged his two sons to do so also. \"I fit into the core policy of my party. I will contest from the Bhubaneswar Lok Sabha constituency,\" he said.\"We are not worried about win or defeat. The formation of the party will help us raise our voice and create public opinion. This is the way society can be freed from corruption, violence, injustice, exploitation and usher in peace and prosperity,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17540533", "title": "150 farmers agree to give land for Eklahare-Sinnar rail track", "text": "NASHIK: The proposed thermal power plant in the SEZ being promoted by MIDC-Indiabulls at Sinnar is likely to get a boost, with 150 of the 700 farmers giving their consent for land acquisition to lay a rail track from MahaGenco's existing thermal power plant at Eklahare to Sinnar.The district collector and officials of MIDC have started approaching farmers for the proposed land acquisition.A meeting between officials and farmers over acquiring land for the proposed 32 km railway line for the SEZ project was held in early November. The district authority had offered Rs 35 lakh per acre for arable land and Rs 17.5 lakh per acre for non-arable land. The price offered is higher than the earlier offer of Rs 30 lakh per acre for arable land and Rs 15 lakh per acre for non-arable land, which had evoked no response from farmers. It was the final meeting with farmers over land rate issues.Speaking to TOI, District collector Vilas Patil, who is the chairman of land acquisition committee, said, \"We are approaching the farmers for their consent for land acquisition. Around 150 farmers have given their consent for acquisition of their land. We hope to convince the rest of the farmers at the earliest. The report on land acquisition will be sent to the state government, shortly.\"Speaking to TOI, a senior MIDC official said, \"Some farmers are ready to give their consent letters for acquisition of land, while others are not ready. But, we hope these farmers will also be convinced shortly. Some farmers have gradually started giving consent letters.\"Indiabulls Realtech Ltd (IRL), a subsidiary of Indiabulls Power Ltd , and MIDC are jointly setting up a thermal power station at Sinnar with 1,350 MW capacity. Around 32 km long railway line is to be laid between Eklahare and Sinnar for transportation of coal. The MIDC has to acquire 173 hectares of land across 10 villages and total number of 7/12 land extracts are about 1,250.The MIDC has already issued a notification on October 29, 2010 for the acquisition of the land for the Eklahare-Sinnar railway line project. The MIDC has already completed measurements in some villages, while it could not be done at some villages due to protest from farmers.The land will be acquired from 10 villages. These include Eklahare, Hinganwedhe and Jakhori in Nashik tehsils and Jogaltembi, Naigaon, Deshvandi, Patpimpri, Baragaon Pimpri and Gulvanch in Sinnar tehsil and Pimpalgaon-Nipani in Niphad tehsil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17538676", "title": "Newly-wed donate blood on D-day", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Newly married Sameer Kumar Raju and Priyanka made their wedding reception on Friday truly a red-letter day with the groom's family organizing a blood donation camp to mark the occasion at Ganjam's Digapahandi.The couple led by example. Eight persons, mostly family members, followed suit. \"The camp was organized impromptu. Otherwise several other invitees could have donated blood,\" said Sameer.\"We decided to hold the blood donation camp to make our marriage memorable,\" both said.\"I am very glad to participate in the camp. When my husband and father-in-law decided on the camp I immediately agreed,'' said Priyanka.While she donated blood for the first time, 29-year-old Sameer, a businessman, had done it over 20 times.\"I had a long-cherished dream to organize a blood donation camp during the marriage of my sons,'' said V Dharma Raju (62), Sameer's father. Raju, the president of Khemundi Volunteer Blood Donors' Organization, has given blood over 90 times.He, however, could not hold such a camp during the marriage of his eldest son due to some reasons. But Raju had organized a blood donation camp on the 12th day of death of his mother about seven years ago. As many as 96 persons had donated blood then, he said.He also donated eyes of his mother, touted as a first in Digaphandi. Since then 23 eye donations have taken place in Digapahandi, he claimed.\"We are encouraging youth to hold blood donation camps on their marriages or marriage anniversary. It is a way to save live,\" Raju said.Officials of Red Cross Blood Bank, Berhampur, assisted in making the camp a success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543275", "title": "Fergie, Duhamel loves watching film together", "text": "Black Eyes Peas singer Fergie and her husband Josh Duhamel love going out for dinner or watching movies together in bed.The couple make sure to take time out of their busy schedules for each other and love nothing more than nights at home or trying out new dining venues, reports contactmusic.\"Last night we laid in bed and watched movies. Sometimes we got to dinner. We like to go to new places,\" Fergie told Hollyscoop.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17540304", "title": "Only sex sells at Ranchi book fair", "text": "RANCHI: While most publishers and bookstall owners at the ongoing National Book Fair in Ranchi are disappointed with poor sales figures, those dealing with any form of sex - erotica or educational - have every reason to cheer.All the bookstalls TOI talked to said they had run out of their stock of erotic fiction and books on sexual health and awareness - 40% of their stock of these genres was sold out on the very first day of the fair on November 29. Interestingly, 90% of the sex-related books were sold to youngsters - many of them in their school uniforms - who did not have to pay any entry charge.By Saturday afternoon, Pustak Mahal's stall manager Hari Dutta Sharma had sold all but three sex-related books and was sure they too would be gone in minutes. Sharma, who has come from Delhi to participate in the fair, said stall owners were finding it difficult to keep up with the demand.\"The book fair will wind up on Sunday evening and it is not possible for us to bring more copies from Delhi at this moment,\" said another manager at Pustak Mahal.Dinanath Rai, manager of Kundalini Book stall and an author in his own right, said: \"Most visitors come looking for Sex Guide, which is one of the most popular books on sexual health and awareness written by me, but we have exhausted our stock of this particular title.\" And it is not just the young boys queuing up for adult books. Pawan Kumar Sharma, who manages Raja Pocket Books stall, said: \"Even college girls come in groups, flip through books on sexual health and buy them without a second thought,\" he said. Titles like Strange Sexual Customs and Practices, Sex Kya Hai, Better Sex, Sex Samasya aur Nidan and Yaun Sambandh are among the bestsellers at the fair.However, parents need not worry too much about what their children are up to when they are at the book fair. Insisting that youngsters are buying these books out of curiosity , Rai said: \"It is a healthy trend that the youth is learning about the birds and the bees from such books as they clear the myths and false notions surrounding sex and the changes the human body undergoes during adolescence.\"City-based psychiatrists agreed with Rai's opinion. Amool Ranjan, a prominent psychiatrist, said: \"Around 90% cases of sexual disorders are psychological. It is good that young boys and girls are reading these books rather than getting wrong ideas and vague concepts about sex from other shady sources.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17539010", "title": "MCG names 24 commercial roads", "text": "GURGAON: In what would be music to the ears of traders in the city and would cut down chances of bribery among MCG officials, the House has passed a resolution declaring 24 important roads in the city as commercial. At present over 90% of the roads in the city are non-commercial which means that all the commercial activities on these roads are illegal.It also means that that those who are carrying out commercial activity on these roads are doing so after paying bribes to various MCG officials.The councillors allege that MCG officials have intentionally been delaying the process of assigning commercial tag to the roads because they cannot demand bribes once these are declared commercial.\"Right now there are very few roads that are declared commercial in the city. When someone comes to get the building plan sanctioned for commercial use for a building that is located on a non-commercial road, the MCG officials sanction the plan under residential use but later on they take a bribe and allow commercial activity,\" said Yashpal Batra, senior deputy mayor.\"However, in the last House meeting we passed the resolution to declare 24 roads as commercial. There are only two criteria that should be met - the road should be 12 metres wide and there should be 40% commercial activity on that road. People are willing to pay the amount to get the commercial building plan sanctioned but officials are not willing to grant it. Once these roads are declared commercial the MCG can earn at least Rs 60 crore. The Municipal Act clearly says that the House has the power to declare a road commercial if the criterion is met. There is no need to seek approval from the state government,\" he said.The MCG authorities have decided to conduct a survey to ensure that the criteria are met. The 24 roads declared commercial are New Railway Road, Old Railway Road, Sohna Road and MG Road.The residents though say that the councillors seem to be interested only in filling their pockets. \"The proposal they have passed does not benefit the residents and serves the interest of only traders. The councillors should think about the common man too,\" said Rajni Sharma, a DLF Phase-II resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542894", "title": "Kamal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s next after Viswaroopam", "text": "Now that the audio of Viswaroopam has been launched, it will not take long for Viswaroopam to hit screens. And, once he is done with that, Kamal Haasan, we hear, is all set to knock on Hollywood's doors. The actor recently met up with Barrie Osborne in Chennai at the FICCI Awards and the buzz is that the duo might team up for a Hollywood film.We hear that Kamal might introduce director Mani Ratnam's son Nandhan in the project. The junior Ratnam has not been in the news for any films till now and this rumour has only triggered the interest among the film fraternity.Nandhan may work in this Hollywood production as a production coordinator. Kamal will get started with the principal photography of his Hollywood venture by the end of next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "17540817", "title": "ASI's son among 5 booked for raping dalit girl", "text": "MANSA: The Mansa police have booked five persons, including son of an assistant sub inspector(ASI) of police for allegedly raping a dalit girl on the pretext of marrying her and then do abortion. ASI posted in Budhlada police station is said to be closely related to a ruling SAD MLA of Mansa district.Mansa DSP Sulakhan Singh confirmed the registration of a case for rape and abortion against son of an ASI.Dalit girl Charanjit Kaur(name changed) of Samao village has approached the police alleging ASI Jaspal Singh's son Rajinder Singh kept on having affair with her on the pretext of marrying her and when she became pregnant he carried out the abortion at Daryapur village. Then, he tied the nuptial knot with someone else. Political pressure was also used to keep her silent for quite some time.The DSP said, \"During investigation it was found that Rajinder Singh along with his friends Gursewak Singh, Simranjit Singh had relations with the girl since few months. Then, when she became pregnant, they took the girl to Prem Singh and his wife Kiranjit Kaur at Daryapur village for abortion\". The abortion has been found to be true and upon it the five have been booked under rape, abortion, cheating charges. The DSP said the main accused Rajinder Singh, Prem Singh and his wife Kiranjit Kaur have been arrested on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538474", "title": "Airport Metro gets new deadline", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre has announced a fresh deadline for resuming the operation of Airport Express Metro line in the capital. Union urban development minister Kamal Nath on Saturday said the service would start by this month-end or in early next month.The announcement was made a couple of days after UD secretary Sudhir Krishna said that they were awaiting the final nod from the Commissioner for Metro Rail Safety (CMRS) to resume the service.Speaking at the Urban Mobility Conference, Nath said Delhi Metro Rail Corporation ( DMRC) would start work on phase IV of the Metro as soon as the detailed project report (DPR) is completed. He added that the ministry intends to start work on some sections. \"Not completely, but we would start work on some sections through which we can connect the existing Phase I and II and also the Phase-III which is being built,\" he said.On the DMRC's role in the Kochi Metro rail project, Nath reiterated that the Corporation would provide all possible assistance to the new project in Kerala. However, he said that the role of Metro man E Sreedharan in Kochi Metro will be decided by the Kerala government.Nath said that promoting Metro rail and monorail in cities is the priority of the UD ministry for smart and convenient transport services.\"The ministry will soon come out with common rules for both Metro projects and monorail works,\" he added. He also claimed that monorail can function as a \"good feeder to Metro projects\" by supplementing Metro in certain routes and thereby making these services viable.Stressing on the need for planned and regional development in the NCR, the Union minister said Delhi cannot expand laterally and hence the focus should be on development of the entire region by providing faster transport service so that people living in far off and affordable townships can come here for work and return home by evening.He added that some sort of planned suburban development has happened along Delhi and that's by \"default\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540952", "title": "Veteran lensman passes away", "text": "KOLKATA: One of the best known photographers of Bengal, Mona Chowdhury, passed away on Saturday in his north Kolkata residence. He was 73.Fondly known as \"Mona Kaka\", the veteran lensman had worked with the Times of India group since 1970. Even after retirement, TOI dipped into his treasure trove of pictures that was meticulously dated, filed and preserved. His work is nothing short of a photographic history of Bengal of half a century. He had captured some rare moments of great leaders like Indira Gandhi , Mother Teresa and Jyoti Basu , and snapped magical frames of history in the making - like the swearing in of the first Left Front government in Bengal, the visit of Fidel Castro and Pele .He hailed from an illustrious family. His father, Rabindra Narayan Chowdhury, was an editor of Amrita Bazar Patrika. He leaves behind wife Minati Chowdhury, elder brother Rajendra Narayan Chowdhury, daughters Manisha and Manashi, sons-in-law Debasish Barua and Suranjan Nag, and granddaughters.Mona Kaka was detected with prostrate cancer in February this year.The photographic fraternity of Kolkata is in mourning. Veteran photojournalist Sudhir Upadhaya, who was a close friend, said: \"Mona-da was the most methodical photographer. He would maintain an archive like no one else.\" According to senior photographer Shyamal Maitra, Mona Chowdhury was a photographer with \"a broad heart and special sense of humour\". \"Both of us covered Rajiv Gandhi and Indira Gandhi. I have fond memories of the time we spent working together,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17540065", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan not to visit BHU for closing function of 150th Malviya Jayanti", "text": "VARANASI: The visit of Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan to BHU during the closing ceremony of the 150th birth anniversary of Pt Madan Mohan Malviya has been postponed. This decision was taken on the advice of the district administration.BHU vice-chancellor Lalji Singh said at a meeting on Saturday that Bachchan may visit the university as chief guest in SPANDAN, an inter-faculty youth festival of the university.A number of programmes starting from December 19 to 25 will be held during the closing ceremony.One being special convocation and international alumni meet. It is expected that several VVIPs will visit during that period.Cultural minister, HRD minister, Chief Justice of India, governors of Assam , MP and UP may participate in these programme scheduled from December 23 to 25. President of Nepal Ram Baran Yadav, President Pranab Mukherjee and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav may participate during these programmes. Keeping in view of arrival of VVIPs in BHU, it was advised by the district administration that the programme of Amitabh Bachchan may be postponed.The BHU V-C will attend the meeting of national committee of commemoration of 150th birth anniversary of Madan Mohan Malviya in Delhi on December 11.Now, the closing ceremony and special convocation will be held on December 25 between 4.30 pm to 6.00 pm. The President will arrive by helicopter after addressing the convocation of Motilal Nehru Institute of Technology, Allahabad and land at BHU. He will return to Delhi on the same day. President of Nepal Ram Baran Yadav is expected to arrive with the delegation of 40 persons.This meeting will finalise the details of the schedule for 150th Malviya Jayanti celebrations, likely to be chaired by the Prime Minister and co-chaired by Chancellor of BHU Karan Singh in New Delhi on December, 11.BHU to host NPSE-2012: The department of Electrical Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology , Banaras Hindu University (IIT-BHU) is going to host three-day 17th National Power Systems Conference (NPSE-2012) at Swatantrata Bhawan from December 12 to 14.Talking to reporters on Saturday, the convener Prof SP Singh said that the three-day programme will witness presentation of research papers in 19 sessions, three tutorials, a key note address, five plenary, three expert lectures and a panel discussion. Eminent experts from industry and academia have been invited for delivering talks and tutorials. The topics of talks and tutorials relate to recent developments in generation, transmission and distribution including smart grids, micro grids, protection system, gas insulated system, wide area measurements, power electronics and electrical drivers.He said that the panel discussion on recent grid collapse in India has been planned in, which experts from power system industries and academic institutions will participate. The conference will be inaugurated by the chairman of Power Grid RN Nayak.Conference: A two-day conference on 'contemporary relevance on Mahamana's vision and thought' organised by the Faculty of Management Studies, BHU began on Saturday. The BHU vice-chancellor Lalji Singh inaugurated the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17540958", "title": "Fake currency racket kingpins held, Rs 2L seized", "text": "MALDA: Two kingpins of an international fake currency racket were arrested from Mohanpur in Malda late on Friday night. Sources in the police said the duo reportedly supplied fake currency to Pakistan, Nepal, Malaysia and Bangladesh . Police seized fake currency worth Rs 2 lakh from the duo.A team from the National Investigation Agency (NIA) reached Malda on Saturday night to interrogate the duo.The duo was identified as Sarjamal Sk, 42, and Marful Sk, 32. While Sarjamal hails from Malda's Mohanpur, Marful is a resident of Mohabbatpur. They were caught.They were held after the intelligence department of the Border Security Force (BSF) got a tip off that the duo had taken shelter in Sarjamal's house. Though initially, they tried to flee, they were held from near a sugarcane field.Both the police and NIA officials interrogated them and the accused reportedly conceded that they had international links. Possibility of the racketeers supplying fake currency to terrorist outfits was also not ruled out.Meanwhile, another youth was arrested with fake currency on Friday night from the District Hospital Complex. The accused, Najrul Sk, 35, hails from Sukdevpur in Baishnabnagar. He was arrested by English Bazaar police and Rs 2.5 lakh of fake currency was seized from him. He was produced in court on Saturday.Malda SP Jayanta Pal said, \"Three persons were arrested in connection with fake currency racket and Rs 4.5 lakh was seized from them.\" Pal said that this year alone, more than Rs 1 crore of fake currency was recovered by district police and 150 persons were arrested.Two kingpins of international fake currency racket were nabbed by police. Although the investigating officers kept reticence about the details, sources claimed that the duo had connection with Pakistan, Nepal, Malaysia and Bangladesh. Police from all over the country were looking for them. Already a team of National Investigation Agency (NIA) had arrived at Malda to interrogate them.Sources of Baishnabnagar Police Station claimed that the arrested duo was---Sarjamal Sk (42) and Marful Sk (32). Inhabitants under this police station Surya lived at Mohanpur and Marful at Mohabbatpur. Last night the intelligence department of Border Security Force (BSF) got the information that the duo had taken shelter at Jamal house. Accordingly police set the trap but the duo tried to flee away. Finally they were nabbed near a sugarcane field. Police had recovered Rs 2 lakh of fake currency from them.From this morning the duo was interrogated by police. A team of NIA which was also looking for them, arrived Malda today and began interrogating. It is learnt that they had already conceded of their international link. They had been to Pakistan, as learnt. Even the possibility of spreading fake currency among the terrorist groups was not ruled out. Police also have come to know about the main leader of the gang who lived in Delhi, but did not disclose the name for the sake of enquiry.Meanwhile, another youth was arrested with fake currency last night in the District Hospital Complex. It is learnt Najrul Sk (35), the arrested one, hailed from Sukdevpur under Baishnabnagar and was to hand over the money to one from Katihar. Acting on a tip off English Bazaar police arrested him and recovered Rs 2.5 lakh of fake currency from him. He was produced to court today.Police Super Jayanta Pal said, \"Three persons were arrested in connection with fake currency smuggling and Rs 4.5 lakh was recovered from them.\" He claimed that this year alone more than Rs 1 crore of fake currency was recovered by district police and about 150 persons were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538788", "title": "Ensure adequate teaching: Lucknow University to HoDs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Paying attention towards regular classes, Lucknow University registrar JB Singh issued a circular to all deans and heads of the department asking them to ensure that teaching is not compromised upon under any circumstances.The registrar said that in case, any teacher is on leave, there should be another faculty who should take proper classes, so that students do not suffer.Heads have also been directed to see the utility and validity of leaves asked by the faculty members.\"We have been asked to take care of the leaves given to the teacher. Only if the reason is unavoidable, leaves will be given to the teachers. And in the absence of any teacher, we will have to ensure that some other faculty takes the class,\" said a senior professor. tnnEarlier, university vice-chancellor Prof GB Patnaik has expressed concern on irregular classes being held in the university and has thus asked the deans and heads of various departments to make a record of teachers taking the class and those skipping it on a regular basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17540325", "title": "Gear up to face climate change: PM", "text": "LUDHIANA: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh asked Panjab Agricultural University authorities to find research solutions to deal with market challenges following the nod for FDI in retail.Addressing the gathering at a convocation in the varsity, the Prime Minister said research is needed to develop varieties that can cater to various tastes and that have longer shelf life.\"As we move beyond staple foods, there is a need for our research effort to link up more effectively with the private sector which will be responsible for market arrangements so that market demands can guide the direction of research as well,\" said Dr Manmohan Singh.He also urged PAU and other farm universities to develop knowhow to deal with the vagaries of climate change, which has serious implications on food security and livelihood of farmers, particularly small and marginal farmers. The Prime Minister underlined the need to develop strains more resistant to climatic fluctuations and inclement weather. He expressed concern over the time lag between research and release of tested varieties, saying immediate action should be taken to deal with threats.Elaborating on the significance of agricultural research, Singh said the government plans to enhance expenditure on agricultural research to 1% of agricultural GDP in the 12th Five Year Plan from 0.65% in the 11th Five Year Plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543222", "title": "Balki or Boney? Sridevi unsure for next film", "text": "After the phenomenal success of \"English Vinglish\", both Boney Kapoor and R. Balki are keen to do another film with Sridevi, but the veteran actress is still unsure about her next step.While Balki plans to cast the actress in a sequel to \"English Vinglish\", Sridevi's husband Boney plans to produce another film that would do justice to his wife's tremendous screen presence.\"She is not against doing another film right away. But she wants her next film to be as special. She is waiting for both to come up with a script that would take her beyond 'English Vinglish'. Both Boney and Balki are welcome to come up with the required script. Sridevi is game,\" said a source,The plans of casting Sridevi opposite Big B in a film by Balki have also been put on hold.A source close to Sridevi and her producer-husband Boney said: \"The intention is to take her 'comeback advantage' to another level. 'English Vinglish' should and must not be a one-off success for Sridevi.\"Speaking right after the film's success, Sridevi said: \"Right now I am in a daze. I've never in my life given so many interviews. I've attended more media events and been seen on more television shows in the past few weeks than my entire life. What I'd like is to take a break, spend time with my husband and daughters. I've only been seeing them sporadically.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17539385", "title": "India, China discuss development", "text": "AHMEDABAD: India and China came together to learn from the comparative experience of both countries in grassroots innovations and to explore the opportunities for scaling up this experience at an international conference at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) on December 7 and 8, 2012.Among other things, the International Conference on Creativity and Innovation at Grassroots discussed how the pursuit of innovation as public good can be blended with the protection of intellectual property rights of grassroots innovators, the kind of eco-system interventions needed to reduce transaction costs of innovators, investors and entrepreneurs and regulators and how youth can be engaged in the process. The conference was sponsored by Centre for Management in Agriculture, IIM-A, Society for Research and Initiatives for Sustainable Technologies and Institutions (SRISTI), National Innovation Foundation (NIF) and Tianjin University of Finance and Economics (TUFE), China besides International Development Research Centre (IDRC), Canada .The conference was held in two parts with the first part being held during December 3-5, 2012 at TUFE. The two countries are already working on a project-Grassroots Innovations for Inclusive Development (GRIID) and the conference also discussed how policies favoring scouting, spawning and sustaining GRIID can be negotiated at national and international level.The conference followed up the recommendations of the first such conference held at IIM-A in collaboration with SRISTI in January 1997. The impact of the first conference was witnessed in the form of founding GIAN (1997) and later NIF (2000). Another international workshop on Building a Global Value Chain around Green Grassroots Innovations (GRI) and Traditional Knowledge was held in June 2007 at TUFE to provide mentoring, incubation and online support to innovators and entrepreneurs in China, Brazil and India.Anil Gupta , founder, SRISTI and IIM-A professor sought suggestions from participants on helping to create an inclusive innovation system. A section of the conference by IIM-A faculty Vijaya Sherry Chand also focused on contribution by teachers from villages towards transforming the system. Chand, who created a database of innovative primary school teachers at work invited such teachers to be a part of the conference. \"We should train teachers in Gujarat to become innovators and transformers, thus inspiring the entire system. It may be a slow but certainly a successful process,\" said Gupta.While the Chinese section focused on lessons from an Indo-Chinese comparative study of innovations and aimed at pooling of knowledge for creating global public goods, the Indian section of the conference concentrated on policy, institutional and community based processes which have helped or can help in creating an inclusive innovation system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539573", "title": "2 dead after truck overturns", "text": "The driver, Bhaskar Bhoir (47) and cleaner, Santosh, of a truck died, while seven other labourers were injured, after the truck in which they were travelling overturned on Bhiwandi-Wada road near Kawad village on Saturday.The incident took place when the truck carrying bricks suddenly turned turtle after the driver lost control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17539799", "title": "Rage over prank as Net grieves over nurse\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s death", "text": "MANGALORE: There's palpable anger on social networking sites over the royal prank that claimed the life of Jacintha Saldanha. Mangalorean Jacintha was the victim of the prank played by RJs of Sydney's 2Day FM station.Tia Maria Smith on Facebook described the death as \"a prank that went wrong, because these stupid DJs were mocking our Queen and monarchy...,\".Terry Dwyer observed, \"I think you'll find most Australians hold Her Majesty in the highest regard, but we don't go in for a lot of pomp nor do we take ourselves seriously. I agree the prank was in bad taste, but it was a bit of fun! No one expected it to end like this...\"Tia, Dan Shariat, Maree Samuel all found the death tragic. \"My deepest sympathies. I am appalled and deeply saddened by the loss of Jacinta's life. R.I.P.,\" posted Maree. Tia added: \"I can't believe these stupid DJs have set up a page on Facebook to justify wot (sic) they have done and called it depression...who r they to judge her now, they r the cause.......Jesus, they need punishing, as they have no remorse for wot (sic) they have done to this poor lady. R.I.P.\"\"Public humiliation is a known trigger for suicide\u00e2\u20ac\u201dthe radio station/DJs knew full well what effect transmitting this would likely have on a private individual, suddenly exposed to global media ridicule, especially to conscientious nurse who has taken oath of patient confidentiality\u00e2\u20ac\u201dbut they did it anyway for commercial gain. If she hadn't died then likely she would have suffered shame, criticism at work and internet abuse for long time,\" said Dan Shariat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538729", "title": "Dangerous trend: Men in khaki bite the bullet", "text": "LUCKNOW: A recent spurt in incidents of murderous attacks on men in uniform has started a serious debate over the actual factors involved. Some say it is a part of the overall deterioration of the society. Others insist that corruption within the police department was the cause. Still others see it as a mere co-incidence that such incidents have happened in a quick succession in the recent past, hence caught media attention. But a closer look throws up the fact that in majority of the cases, the perpetrators have turned out not to be hardened criminals who could be least expected to resort to such acts.\"It seems police are losing their hold on criminals. But the problem is different and seems far more deep-rooted,\" says additional director general of police (ADG) Law &amp; Order and Crime Arun Kumar. \"In a majority of such cases, the assailants were not hardcore criminals but mere ruffians. This is the disturbing part,\" he says. \"One does not expect a student group to open fire at an SI on the slightest provocation. Such incidents taking place during hot pursuit of hardened criminals is always a possibility. Hence, police officers approach such situations with caution. But the Meerut incident, as far as I have been told, was not only unexpected but also unprovoked. The youth who opened fire is a student of engineering and such behavior is not expected of him,\" he says.Senior police officials insist the Kanpur incident in which in charge of the Naubasta Police Station was shot at by a youth who had been detained on the complaint of his father, was equally surprising. \"On March 30, station officer (SO in charge of Naubasta police station detained a regular looking youth, after his father accused him of unleashing his anger on family members sometimes without any reason,\" says another senior IPS officer. \"The accused had no criminal background nor was notorious in the locality. But suddenly he tried to escape from the police station. When the SO and a constable tried to stop him, he snatched the firearm of one of policemen and opened fire in which the SO got injured and later died of bullet wound,\" he says.Former DGP K L Gupta believes the present crises were more of a social problem than a criminal act. \"I think, it is time to ponder over why people are getting restless and agitated at the slightest of provocation irrespective of who is the target. Cases of youngsters killing their family for trivial reasons were something unheard of till the time I was in service. I can hardly recollect any incident in which a girl murdered seven members of her family to marry a local youth against their wishes as happened a few months ago in UP,\" says Gupta., adding that such issues need to be handled in a different way and policing cannot be the solution.\"The irony of the matter is that none of the parties involved in such issues was trying to focus on the real cause leading to such gory crime. Political parties will use such situations to settle scores with their rivals; the media too mostly tends to tow the same line and point fingers at the police. The result is that the real cause is left unaddressed and the situation continues to worsen with every passing day,\" says Dilip Misra, a psychologist by profession who had recently returned to his native state of Uttar Pradesh after five years of pursuing a career in counseling in de-addiction programmes in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17540245", "title": "Election tourism", "text": "Trust Gujarat to come up with this one. Known for its enterprising skills, the state is now milking the coming elections. Tour operators will start 'poll tourism' for foreigners during the two phases of elections on December 13 and 17, something unheard of before.But then Gujarat has always aggressively promoted itself, be it wildlife sanctuaries such as Gir Forest, monuments like Champaner Fort or religious places such as the Sun Temple in Somnath. And with this innovative move, tour operators are hoping to draw in more crowds. Last year alone, some 4.5 lakh foreigners and NRIs visited the state.Manish Sharma, chairman of Gujarat Tourism Development Society, says, \"This idea cropped up when I visited Mexico in 2005 where poll tourism was being discussed. I thought of trying it out in Gujarat. When this idea was mooted at the World Travel Market in London in November where some 100 tour operators \" and tourism boards took part, the response was encouraging.Some 32 tour operators in Gujarat, Delhi and Ahmedabad have joined hands to get these tourists to India. Already, 230 international tourists have confirmed participation. Many are curious about how polls are conducted in the world's largest democracy and especially Gujarat, where chief minister Narender Modi has evoked both international praise as well as censure.\"They will meet local politicians, see how they interact with the electorate, how elections are conducted peacefully and visit a booth from outside, if permitted. In December, more than 25,000 NRIs and 5,000 foreign tourists come to Gujarat. It's also the time for weddings. Elections are just as festive with shehnais, dandiyas, garlanded candidates going to temples, meet\" ings going on till late in the night..., he says.The operators have campaigned for two months, most of it online. \"We have spread the message through Facebook, emails and websites to foreign tour operators and have got a good response from the UK, Ukraine, Indonesia, Thailand, Sin\" gapore, Uganda, Kenya, France, Italy, Canada and Australia, says Suhag Modi, manager of Akshar Travels in Ahmedabad. \"Poll tourism will also be combined with the Kutch Rann Utsav \" 2012 which continues till January 31, 2013, says Sharma.The itinery for these tourists has been divided into North and South Gujarat and Saurashtra and includes places such as Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar, Vadodara, Surat, Patan, Mehsana , Rajkot, Junagadh, Somnath and Porbandar. If this strategy works, Sharma says it could well be emulated for the 2014 general elections.Politicians are gung-ho about the whole exercise. Former agriculture minister Bhupendrasinh Chudasama, the BJP candidate from Dholka, says, \"The world's eyes are on Gujarat as it's now identified with progress and development. Earlier, Gujarat was identified with communal riots but it has been peaceful for \" the last 11 years. I will show the tourists how polls are conducted.However, not all are enamored by this idea. Social scientist Shiv Visvananthan says that tourists will see the spectacle of polls but not its dynamism. \"What is it that they will be shown \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will it be Modi in 3D, will they be taken to Muslim areas, to tribal pockets...? This is a gimmicky idea like slum tourism, a trailer of a festival called democracy.\" But he admits that seeing vast hordes coming to vote may be educative to the West where polls are often marked by absentism.Tour operators abroad, meanwhile, see this as a new opportunity. Katerina Lishchuk, director of Kiev4u, a travel agency in Ukraine, tells Sunday Times that from October to February 75% of Ukrainians travel abroad, especially to warm countries such as India and Peru. \"This year, for the first time, we decided to make Gujarat a new destination because within a 200 km radius, one can find forests, mountains, beaches and deserts.\" She will send 25 Ukrainians for these elections. \"Ukraine, too, had polls this year. So this will be an educative trip for many as Ukraine is only 21 years old after breaking away from the Soviet Union. We even had Gujarati Day here on October 26.\"In London, Anju Patel, a tour operator, will be sending about 200 foreign tourists to Gujarat. \"Indian polls are so different from those in the UK where it's quieter. Many want to combine poll tourism with the temple circuit and will be in Gujarat for 2-3 weeks. It'll cost them around 1,000 pounds, excluding air fare.\" Let the show begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17538673", "title": "I appeal to sportspersons to take over sports bodies", "text": "The mess in Indian sports has finally taken its toll, with the International Olympic Committee (IOC) banning the Indian arm, and the International Boxing Association provisionally suspending the Indian Boxing Federation. Sports minister Bhanwar Jitendra Singh tells Subodh Ghildiyal that vested interests in sports bodies are to blame.Who is responsible for this ban by IOA?If the Indian Olympic Association had incorporated the Sports Code (\"charter for good practices\" in its constitution), which is the same as IOC charter, this de-recognition would not have happened. If good sense had prevailed, the ban would not have happened.Then why did IOA not take that simple action?This is best answered by IOA. But there must be some vested interest of somebody involved; that is why it did not happen. We had tried our best; we knew this might happen when the warning came from the IOC.The government had written to IOC on September 21, requesting that we should talk. The concerns of IOC and the government are the same - fix norms, bring in transparency, good practices for elections along with fixed tenure etc. I met the office-bearers of IOA and requested them to amend their constitution and bring in the Sports Code and the IOC charter. If they had, it would not have come to this pass. But the government only has an advisory role.What are the vested interests? What is the way forward?I feel there must be some vested interest (laughs) but it would be best you ask them what they are.... The intent of IOA should be to look at the interests of sportspersons, young persons, the image of the country, than any other interest they might have.The irony is that IOC takes exception to IOA allowing government interference, while you say IOC and the government on the same page on reforms.There is no interference. See the three points in the IOC letter to suspend IOA. We have written to IOC that there is no government interference. Even if IOA accepts the IOC charter, it is the same as the Sports Code.Something as basic as sports administration is in a mess in India. What does it say about the country?It is sad that a lot of people who are not adding value to sports are at the helm. A question that's asked many times is whether politicians should be there or not.I have nothing against politicians. But they should be bringing value to sports and not sports bringing value to their interests.Sports administration has become a career for politicians but the government cannot interfere. Can there be a voluntary reform movement in sports bodies?Of course, it is possible. We have done well in sports and at the Olympics. So there is a lot of pressure on everybody to reform, bring transparency, put systems and processes in place where ethics are brought into associations. The government tried in the past to bring in the Sports Bill, but for that there have to be consultations. I will be definitely trying my best and speak to all my cabinet colleagues.What is at the root of the round-the-year mess in sports administration?It is because of the vested interest of a few that Indian sports is getting a bad name. I appeal to sportspersons who are doing well in sports and who have done well in sports, to take over reins of sports administration. We need sportspersons to come into some of these associations and clean up the system. But not all associations are bad. Some are doing an extremely good job.It is felt the ban on IOA cannot be permanent because India is too big a democracy to be left out for ever. This assumption can lead the existing guard to not feel the pressure to change.I don't think so. IOC has banned IOA. There is nothing like it is temporary. If IOC wants they can ban IOA for a long, long time. It is our good luck there is no international sporting event till 2013, else we could have been in bigger trouble. I don't see the ban lifting unless corrective actions are taken.Despite the ban, the IOA elections were held and tainted individuals like Lalit Bhanot are back.Since some matters are already in court, my comment would not be appropriate. But, of course, I would have loved to see more sportspersons in these associations rather than other individuals.CWG irregularities led to inquiries, action. How did it affect the country's image?CWG had positive and negative sides. It is sad that everyone looks at the negatives of CWG. Look at the infrastructure, the capacity created by holding CWG, the exposure sportspersons got. Of course, the negatives were there and the government has taken the strictest and strongest action that it could. So I would urge all to look at the positives of the CWG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhiwani", "code": "17538903", "title": "Ex-sarpanch, brother get 10-year jail for murder bid", "text": "BHIWANI: A Bhiwani court has awarded 10 years' imprisonment to a former dalit sarpanch of Bapora village, his brother and gunman in an attempt to murder case. The additional sessions court of Abdul Mazeed, on Thursday, held sarpanch Bhoop Singh, his brother Bir Singh and gunman Bijender Kumar guilty. The incident took place in the village in June 2011.Bhoop Singh was nominated as the village sarpanch in the panchayat polls as he was the sole person to file nomination papers in the elections which were boycotted by the village in protest against reserving a post for scheduled castes, in 2010. The gunman had opened fire on instructions of the sarpanch during a scuffle with some villagers which injured one villager, Satpal Singh.Sarpanch Bhoop Singh had filed nomination for the post against wishes of the villagers who had boycotted the elections. He was declared elected unopposed. However, his election could not form the panchayat body as all 20 wards of panches remained vacant due to the boycott.The administration issued notification for reelection of panches around six months later but villagers remained %adamant on the boycott. Then, Bhoop Singh's brother Bir Singh tried filing %his nomination papers from ward number 15.To oppose the election process, some villages gathered at the school where the administrative officials had come to receive the nomination. When the sarpanch accompanied by his brother and gunman arrived, they faced opposition and the sarpanch asked his gunman to open fire on the villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538653", "title": "Check illegal construction at Malcha Marg, says HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Alleged unauthorized construction in the upscale Malcha Marg area has come under the scanner of the Delhi high court, which has asked the New Delhi Municipal Council to take action.Justice Sunil Gaur, in a recent order, asked the NDMC to verify allegations levelled by a senior citizen against co-owners of his residential building that they have undertaken illegal construction on two of the floors. Disposing the plea of one M M Bedi, Justice Gaur directed NDMC to inspect the premises and come to a conclusion on the extent of illegal construction in it. HC further made it clear that the civic agency will inform Bedi if it intends to raze the construction found illegal or simply compound the same by levying a fine so that he can decide his legal options.Bedi had accused the civic agency of conniving with the co-owners and allowing the illegality to continue despite repeated complaints. Pointing out through his lawyer Prabhjit Jauhar, Bedi claimed that construction had been carried out without there being any sanctioned plans and informed the court that NDMC was proposing to de-seal the illegal construction under the garb of taking measurements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17538630", "title": "Ravenshaw student attacked", "text": "CUTTACK: Tension gripped Ravenshaw University on Saturday after a group of persons attacked B.Com second year student when he was leaving to appear for an exam around 4.30pm. The injured student, Susant Sethi was rushed to a hospital.Furious students blamed poor security system at the varsity for the incident and locked the gates of the building in an agitation that was called off only after police reached the spot and pacified them. Police said the incident was a fallout of past rivalry. University officials have lodged a complaint in the matter. \"Normalcy has been restored in the campus,\" said Netajee Abhinandan, a faculty .\"The youths barged into the commerce department building, dragged Sethi out of the room and brutally beat him up. The youths had their faces covered with handkerchiefs and they fled the campus after the incident,\" said Dhiraj Sahoo, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17540216", "title": "Cop daughter, dacoit wife", "text": "The mustard fields outside the Singh household in Basai Ghiyaram village in Dhaulpur, Rajasthan, blush a brilliant yellow, while inside it stands a blushing bride. By now used to all the commotion around her, she changes to have her photograph taken. A new bride, after all, must always look her best.Looking very much in love, she begins her defence of her husband. \"No,\" she says, \"I have never been scared of him.\"Her husband, Shiv Dutt, you see, is a dacoit, currently interned in Sewar jail in Bharatpur. And since 2006, a grand total of 15 cases have been filed against him \u00e2\u20ac\u201d including for murder, attempt to murder, rape, kidnapping for ransom, extortion and dacoity.On November 24, Dutt was allowed out of jail for 12 hours to marry Mona. He was escorted by a five-man police team from the jail and just to make surety double sure \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Dutt had gone missing while on a month's parole in 2009 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d another 20 local cops were put on the tail of the wedding party.When the story first broke, it was reported that Mona \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whose father is a head constable with the Rajasthan Armed Constabulary and stationed in Delhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was being harassed by an outlaw. Mona's family turned to Shiv Dutt for help, who quickly got the dastard to shut up. And, lo and behold, won the affections of Mona.The 15 cases against Dutt keep the grist for the rumour mills coming : \"He was part of the Makhan Singh gang!\"; \"There was a reward for Rs 17 lakh on his head!\"; and somewhat more pruriently, \"The couple spent their wedding night in Sewar jail!\"Actually, Makhan Singh surrendered in 1972 (to Jayaprakash Narayan ); the reward for Dutt never exceeded Rs 12,000; and he was shunted into a police lock-up, alone, immediately after taking his pheras. But the real life story of this dacoit from the Chambal, while not as melodramatic, is just as poignant.In 1996, Shiv got 72% in his class X examinations which in local terms made him a topper. His name can still be seen on the distinction boards of the local government secondary school. Shiv did not, however, graduate from school, choosing instead to try and join the ranks of the army or the police. Towards which, his extended family claims, Rs 2.5 lakh were given to a middleman. But the middleman ran away with the money and in time, the village began to make fun of the once-promising young man who had been unable to make anything of himself.\"He was very tense those days,\" says his mother Ramvati. \"There was no getting through to him.\"The villagers of Basai Ghiyaram say that was when Shiv took up the gun, alleging that the first crime he undertook was a kidnapping for ransom. Police records, however, first charge him, towards the end of 2006, for two different crimes under Section 302 (murdering a man) and Sections 363, 366, and 376 (abducting a woman, inducing her to marry someone against her will and rape). Shiv was acquitted of the first charge, but sentenced to 10 years of rigorous imprisonment for the second.ASI Rajveer Singh Yadav of the local police station says it is possible there was a love angle to the second charge, but that the girl's family might not have seen it that way. And that once a man walks into prison, \"where he meets more bad people than good\", it can be hard to wean himself off a life of crime.And Vikram Singh Karnawat, the superintendent of Sewar jail, says that in the Chambal, a son is sometimes encouraged to step outside the confines of law if a family finds it is being pushed around and needs to find an effective way to put a stop to it. \"Shiv was a topper,\" Karnawat reiterates. \"He says he got married because it would take him away from a life of crime.\"Mona, beaming, says Shiv and she actually met in a mall in east Delhi in 2009. \"The story about the outlaw harassing me is untrue.\" She was living with her father in Delhi and Shiv, who was on parole, had come visiting. They were from neighbouring villages and had people in common. Which is how they met. \"Of course there was attraction. I do not know when it turned into love.\"But to marry a dacoit? Is her family okay with the idea? \"Fiftyfifty,\" she says. \"But this is what I wanted. I said so, and in the end, every parent wants their child to be happy.\"Her brother Ajay Singh, who Sunday Times got in touch with, refused to comment on what the family thought of the match.Mona, 23, does not seem naive. She's, in fact, quite certain she knows best what is good for her. She adds that Shiv, who is now 32, should be out in January.And then? Will she let him go back to being a dacoit?\"No!\" she says. \"I believe in him, more than he believes in himself .\" And adds, \"He says he wants to start a property business.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17540771", "title": "Panem coal mines stir over, Punjab hopeful of getting regular supply to power plants", "text": "PATIALA: With the end of the 21-day-long agitation at Panem coal mines in Jharkhand, Punjab is hoping for regular supply of coal for its power plants, which has been facing serious shortage of coal during the past few days.Punjab has not received even a single rack of coal from mines after November 20, 2012 and in the absence of coal supply, thermal plants had exhausted its stock.Panem authorities, a joint venture company of Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) and a Kolkata-based private firm, authorities reached an agreement with Rajmahal Pahar Bachao Samiti on Friday to end the agitation.On December 1, Bathinda plant had total 95,317 metric tonne (MT) coal and it was consuming around 3,670 MT daily. Guru Hargobind thermal plant Lehra Mohabat had total 1,59,870 MT, it was consuming 9,076 MT coal daily, while Gobind Singh super thermal plant, Ropar had 2,55,662 MT coal and it was consuming 18,187 MT coal daily.\"The agitation had badly affected the coal supply to PSPCL. The power scenario of Punjab was bound to take worse turn as our 60% coal comes from Panem coal mines,\" said a senior officer of PSPCL on anonymity.But due to lack of coal supply on December 5, coal stock had dwindled, as Bathinda plant had total 89,654 MT coal, which can run it for 13 days, Lehra Mohabat plant had total 1,40,410 MT ,which could run it for only 10 days, Ropar had 2,29,808 MT coal, which could run it for only 12 days. But till Saturday, things have taken worse turn as Bathinda has coal stock of 12 days, Lehra Mohabatt thermal has 10 days coal stock and Ropar thermal plant has 11 days stock.When contacted director generation of PSPCL Gurbachan Chhabra, he confirmed that the problem has been resolved. \" Panem authorities on Friday have dispatched a coal rack for Bathinda thermal. Coal position of Punjab is likely to limp back to normal soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538708", "title": "Painting the town red", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A common thing one notices in the state capital wherever one goes is the betel stain \"artwork\" proudly displayed along the corridors of power, multi-storey residential apartments, hospitals and swanky marketplaces. The betel-chewing brigade is ever growing and spares no inch of available space. The state secretariat, government buildings, Bhubaneswar Development Authority, Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation... you name it and there will be a red splash on the wall.Some years ago, the government had hit upon an idea to discourage paan stains on office walls. Images of gods and goddesses were put up in corners most likely to be targeted by this group. Though the density of the stains decreased in fear of divine wrath, the offenders managed to find other spots.Civil society members say it is high time the practice changed. \"It's big a nuisance. Efforts must be made to change this habit,\" said N K Panda, a former chief secretary and president of the Citizens' Apex Association, a civil society group.\"The practice shows our lack of civic sense. Students should be sensitized early in life, so that they don't develop bad habits,\" he added.Dr Binod K Patro, an associate professor of community medicine at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences here, said a multi-pronged approach is needed to change the habit. \"Awareness campaigns, rewards for clean public buildings with no betel stains and fines on those caught spitting can help overcome the situation ,\" he said.The revenue divisional commissioner (southern division), Arabinda Kumar Padhee, recently set an example by undertaking an initiative against gutka and paan chewing in government offices in 10 southern districts. The RDC's ban order on gutka and paan issued in October has brought about a visible change in offices.Padhee said the state government had first issued orders banning gutka and paan inside government offices in 1984 and then in 1989. It is punishable under Rule 24(A) of the Odisha Government Servants Conduct Rules. \"I merely implemented the government's previous orders. We can stop the practice, but we need some attitudinal change,\" said Padhee, who has suspended an employee in Baripada and held back the salary of another for chewing paan inside the office.\"Banning spitting in public places across the state should be implemented more strictly as such initiatives don't work in isolation,\" Padhee said.The East Coast Railway last week announced anyone caught spitting on railway premises would be punished. The railway cited gazette notification of November 26 of the Indian Railways Rule 2012. Under the rule, spitting inside railway premises is punishable. For 'A1' class stations such as Bhubaneswar, the fine amount for violators is Rs 100.According to the latest annual health survey (AHS), 38 per cent people above the age of 15 chew gutka in Odisha, which was the highest among the nine surveyed states ahead of Assam (36.6%), Chhattisgarh (32.5%), Jharkhand (24.1%), Bihar (22.5%), Uttar Pradesh (21%), Madhya Pradesh (18.9%), Uttarakhand (8.8%) and Rajasthan (6.9%). This amply explains why all walls are red in Bhunaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17540572", "title": "From prof to messiah of mentally challenged", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: For professor P Usha Devi, reaching out to mentally challenged children has a far greater significance in life than the combined lure of several foreign assignments, a good salary and a plush job in the department of education at Andhra University.Recipient of a social service award, a master's degree holder in four subjects (mathematics, psychology, HRM and education) and armed with special training in looking after the mentally challenged, she quit her job to run Ashrayadham, a school for special children in Anakapalli village, around 50 kilometres from Vizag city. The school, which started with just five special children on November 14, 2005, now has 75 kids.Usha Devi, who hails from a highly educated family of teachers (both her mother and mother-in-law were national award winning teachers and have been a motivational force), says she was inspired by the plight of her niece who was born mentally-challenged and passed away last year at the age of 18. \"My brother's Visa was rejected as such children are not allowed to board the flight and special schools aren't found at all places either. I have seen that such children are either totally neglected or over protected by parents as a result of which they become highly dependent and are regarded as a social burden. Therefore, I felt the need to start a school for special children,\" she said.According to Usha, in any place, around 3% of the population is mentally challenged and therapeutic and academic intervention must begin by the age of seven or even earlier. She adds that in AP, consanguineous marriages, early marriages and conception, negligence and malnutrition during pregnancy, head injury to the foetus and prolonged delivery are some of the reasons for the birth of mentally challenged babies that have an underdeveloped IQ level.\"When neglected, such children show deviant psycho-sexual or anti-social behaviour and subsequently become mentally ill. So, I thought of starting the centre for them at Anakapalli, my native village, which lacks any such special school. Registered under Shreya Foundation, an NGO, I run this school with six other staff including a visiting physiotherapist, speech therapist, a doctor, a dentist, a psychologist and a psychiatrist,\" says Usha. Free education, day-care training, food, uniforms, books and medicines are given to the students aged between five and 35.\"The training programmes are targeted at functional academics, life, vocational, cultural and social skills training, speech therapy and physiotherapy to enable them to live an independent life,\" says Usha.Usha, who had also been to UK and East Africa as an expert committee member for United Nations' Development Programme's project on education, however, faces a number of challenges while running her school despite whole-hearted support from her husband Sri Nagesh, a government officer and daughters Sindhusha and Manojna.\"We are yet to get a permanent building for the school and run it from a rented building. For the past three years, we have been awaiting allocation of the promised two-acre site from the government to set up the school that offers a disabled-friendly environment. A school bus is also required to pick up and drop the students from the surrounding villages but we can't procure the same due to lack of parking space in the rented building premises,\" avers Usha.But what hurts Usha most is the suspicion and negative mindset of people towards her work. \"People doubt our purpose when they find out that I have forgone a Rs 2 lakh monthly salary to run this school,\" she says.\"We need social support and a change of mindset so that more such children get the opportunity to enroll in special schools catering to their special needs,\" says Usha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539715", "title": "Going beyond borders to get under a city's skin", "text": "Two prominent 'reporters across borders', Suketu Mehta and Katherine Boo - who moved from the US to report in India -- compared notes at The Times of India Literary Carnival on Saturday. By expanding the brief of 'Maximum/Minimum Cities' to be about not just physical, but social and psychological boundaries, moderator Samanth Subramaniam got the authors to revisit their motives, methods and adaptive techniques.Mehta raised a point indicative of our prejudice that expects a native connection between a writer and the location he/she writes about. \"When I read Katherine's book, I said, 'How did she do that?' She's not from here. Then I realized, 'I'm not from here (Mumbai) either,'\" said Mehta, who was born in Kolkata, relocated to Bombay and migrated to New York . It's what makes journalism wonderful, he said -- the freedom it gives a writer to write about what he doesn't know. Curiosity, he added, is all one needs.Boo said she travelled out of her native Washington DC only after she questioned how she could make her writing relate more closely to the realities beyond the horizon. So much for motive.As for method, Mehta said he looked for local journalists and street photographers to help him get 'inside' a city. Boo said she'd look for places where people naturally congressed, like outside a church or a store. \"I'd try to meet the people themselves, and if they took me to a promising NGO or a government official or a journalist, I met them,\" she said.Once in and under the skin of a city, it's not always easy to get out, Mehta pointed out. \"I thought it would take me two years to write a quick and dirty book about a quick and dirty city,\" he said about Maximum City. It took him seven years.And why cross borders of mind and matter to report? \"I believe if I wrote to the best of my ability, someone, somewhere will care,\" said Boo. \"And the day I stop caring, I'll stop writing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539714", "title": "Being family &amp; living to write the tale", "text": "American comedian George Burns said, \"Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city.\" Those deprived of that good fortune would have found solace in the session 'Mothers, Fathers and Other Demons', which considered why and how we live with and love the people we may not always like. The three authors in the discussion -- Jerry Pinto, Anne Enright and Aatish Taseer - have grappled with the flaws of family in their works. Enright wrote in her book The Gathering, 'We do not always like the people we love, we do not always have that choice.'Eunice De Souza, former professor of literature, proposed that society has been dysfunctional since Adam and Eve's Original Sin. Could we inherit the sins of our fathers? Pinto said, \"Instead of a theological example of Original Sin we could think of the physical one, where a child inherits certain faults of his parents.... We despair at confronting the inadequacy of our parents. What did we do to deserve them? Why does life have to be so ordinary - that's Original Sin, and it's all the fault of advertising.\"'Normality' is as much a myth as the Greek stories of Elektra and Oedipus. When the audience was asked how many of them had 'normal' families, only two raised their hands.Taseer, whose book Stranger to History reveals his fraught relationship with his father, said he could never answer to whether he loved him. \"I always said he was significant. To say 'I love you' would be to gloss over all the problems,\" he said.Do writers of fiction, particularly those like Enright, who write about family dynamics, have to worry about their families suspecting they are 'in the book'? \"My kids know me essentially,\" she said, maintaining that her children know better than to read themselves into or between the lines. Taseer said, \"I can't say I haven't paid a price (for writing about my family).And finally they talked about that most zealously guarded of family properties -- its secrets. \"It's amazing how families guard their secrets, when they're often not the slightest bit dangerous,\" said Enright. Or unique, for all skeletons look alike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17542351", "title": "Livid MS Dhoni blames batsmen for loss", "text": "KOLKATA: Embarrassed and dejected after being outplayed for the second successive time by England, Indian captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Sunday held his batsmen responsible for the debacle, saying that they failed to convert starts into substantial innings.England won by seven wickets in the third Test on Sunday to take an unassailable 2-1 lead in the four-match series, which India were expected to dominated given their formidable home record.But the home team has completely fallen apart in the last two Tests and is currently looking down the barrel ahead of the series-decider in Nagpur starting December 13.\"We need to give bowlers a few more runs. We haven't scored consistently over 300. On this wicket we should have scored 450 or above. The batsmen who got starts didn't make it matter,\" a livid Dhoni said at post-match presentation ceremony.\"In the second innings, it was like a landslide we couldn't stop,\" he added referring to the collapse that saw the team fold up for 247, leaving England with a victory target of just 41 runs.Dhoni, however, tried to put up a brave face by stating that the team would make a strong comeback in the fourth Test in Nagpur.\"We have everything to play for in Nagpur. Everybody needs to pull up their socks. Of course the better team won here. They bowled in the right areas they fielded well... They played well but we need to retaliate,\" he said.In contrast, his opposite number and man of the match Alastair Cook had a huge grin on his face after being the hero of England's win with a first innings personal score of 190.\"Everyone performed. To keep India to 300 on that wicket was a great effort. Credit to all the hard work we have put in. It was a tough morning session yesterday,\" said Cook, who has been played the sheet-anchor role to perfection during the series.Humble about his fantastic run with the bat, Cook said luck has played its part in his superb form.\"We knew we needed to strike early, that's what Graeme Swann did. It is nice to contribute to the team success. To score runs out here you need to bat long period. I needed some luck also,\" he said.Cook said the team would party hard to celebrate the win but will recover in time to turn up fresh for Nagpur.\"We have to recover well, this win has taken a lot out of us. We will try to win the series in Nagpur, we can't be complacent,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17540327", "title": "Hazaribag gets second bishop", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Anand Jojo (53) of Kitungia of Simdega diocese was on Saturday was ordained as the second bishop of Hazaribag diocese consisting of five districts of the North Chotonagpur division by cardinal Telesphore Toppo.The five-hour function followed by cultural programme was attended by all the bishops of Jharkhand , Bihar , Chhattisgarh , Asansol and Archbishop W D Souza of Patna . Vatican City representative Moningor Marko of Delhi was also present on the occasion.The new bishop of Hazaribag diocese, which was set up in 1995, took over from the fist bishop Charles Soreng who retired after completing 75 years of age as per the rule of the catholic churches.Although bishop Charles Soreng submitted his resignation after completing 75 years, he continued to serve the Hazaribag diocese for three more years as his successor was named by the Vatican City three months ago.While addressing the congregation of Catholics numbering more than 20,000, cardinal Toppo urged the new bishop to unite the community with love and affection and serve the masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17540911", "title": "Pakistan enters Kabaddi World Cup semis", "text": "AMRITSAR: Pakistan became the second nation after Iran to secure a place in the semifinals of the 3rd Kabaddi World Cup 2012. Pakistan stormed into the semis defeating Italy by a margin of 60-20. Three matches were played on Saturday at the Shri Guru Arjun Dev Stadium, Chohla Sahib in which Sierra Leone in the men's category and England in the women's category emerged victories apart from Pakistan.With England women's team winning in Pool B, situation becomes quite interesting as three teams in this pool have the same number of points after winning one match each.However, the day's highlight was the victory of heavyweights Pakistan over Italy. Pakistan gave extraordinary performance and marched into the semi-finals by decisively beating Italy. Pakistan on its way to the semi-finals played three matches and remained invincible.Pakistan's raiders Safeek Butt, Vikas Butt and Akmal Doger scored 15, 12 and 9 points respectively whereas stopper Sujad Doger scored 5 points and the duo of Mansa Gujar and Musharf Janjua bagged 4 points each.In another match of the men's section, Sierra Leone opened its account by defeating Scotland by a margin of 73-24 points. Raiders of Sierra Leone A Buga and Sulieman Kunara got 11 points each while Hasan Kroma scored 8 points, whereas its stopper William bagged 7 points.The match between England and USA women's team got much applause from the spectators, as it was a highly competitive match, ultimately ending in the favour of England. British women's Kabaddi team outsmarted USA by 50-28 points.England's raider Shellttidswal, D Ford and Louis Redmand scored 6 point each while its stoppers Ashley Hunter and Rosy Heig got 6 and 5 points respectively.Although USA lost the match but its raider Guramrit Kaur stole the show by her daring and impressive performance bagging a whopping 17 points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17540598", "title": "2 booked for playing loud music in Anjuna", "text": "PANAJI: Two persons- Govind Shirodkar and John Noronha-were arrested and released for playing loud music on Friday night at Anjuna. The two were booked for playing loud amplified music at their establishment in Gauravada beyond 10 pm without permission from the competent authorities.The police acted based on complaints received, sources said, adding that the two were subsequently released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "17540348", "title": "Vadavathoor temple gets a makeover in these safe hands", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Habeebur Rahman and his boys are on a mission. They want to complete the construction of a new Ayyappa temple in place of the old one at Vadavathoor near here in record time.The group of Rahman (42) comprises over 30, all from Basherra village of Sonitpur district, Assam. All his team members, except one, are Muslims. \"What is wrong in a Muslim constructing a temple. The god each one of us has in our mind is the same. Is there any difference in the blood of humans?\" he asks.Rahman says the group has taken up the construction of a temple of this size for the first time. \"We have taken it up as a challenge and will complete it soon.\" He had even dropped the idea of visiting his wife who is suffering from gastric ulcer. \"I will return only when the work is over,\" he says.The construction of the Thazhathidathil Sree Dharma Shastha Temple, under the administration of the Travancore Devaswom Board, began three years ago after the old temple faced ruin. The temple committee decided to go for a bigger temple instead of a small one planned initially, mainly owing to the enthusiasm shown by Rahman and his team.\"Around Rs 1 crore has been spent now; the final estimate will be around Rs 1.5 crore,\" said Ramesh, a resident overseeing the construction.Meanwhile, the workers claim they are enjoying the stay and work. \"People care for us. If they prepare any special food, they give us also a share of it,\" says Jaleel, one of them.The installation of the idol is expected in April-May next year. 'We will certainly felicitate the workers once the construction is over,\" Ramesh says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17544436", "title": "FDI vote win: Yechury hints at intimidation, bribe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Undeterred by the defeat of the opposition motion against FDI in retail in Parliament, CPM warned on Sunday that the government would have to continue to \"manage and manufacture\" its majority as the Left parties move for annulment of and amendments to the related FEMA rules.\"The government will be hard-pressed now to go on managing and manufacturing their own majority,\" senior CPM leader Sitaram Yechury said.In an interview to Karan Thapar on 'Devil's Advocate' programme, Yechury said the Left parties would move for annulment of and changes to the RBI amendments to the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA) rules to allow FDI in multi-brand retail in both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.Maintaining that the Samajwadi Party , BSP and DMK had opposed FDI in retail but helped the government win the vote on the issue, he said these parties had placed the question of the government winning the vote higher than the merit of the policy on FDI.\"If these 31 MPs (SP-9, BSP-15, DMK-7 in Rajya Sabha) were honest to themselves, then the government would have lost in both the Houses,\" he said, later adding, \"Each vote is a bargaining chip.\"Replying to questions in this regard, Yechury said, \"Something extra has happened...threat, intimidation, a bribe or a promise of doing something. Something has happened. ...I am not ruling out anything...There is definitely... something hanky-panky.\"Elaborating, he said in 1993, the PV Narasimha Rao government won the no-confidence motion following which the JMM MPs bribery case came to light. In 2008, when Left parties withdrew support to UPA-I government headed by Manmohan Singh over the Indo-US nuclear deal, the 'cash-for-vote' scam happened.Asked whether he was being \"spiteful\" after the defeat in Parliament, Yechury said, \"No, we accept our defeat with grace... (but) am I wrong in accusing them of double-speak when the leader of DMK in Rajya Sabha says FDI means foreign direct invasion and then he goes on to vote with the government?\"On whether SP, BSP and DMK would support the motions to amend or annul the FEMA when they are brought by the Left, he said, \"We are hoping that these parties will now realise that their reputation, their word to the people is now under a question mark.\"To a question on the Left being on the same side with the BJP on the FDI issue, he said this argument was \"a cover, an excuse because the parties which said this have all done business with the BJP in the past. DMK was in the government with BJP for full five years. This was only a cover for them to take the position they have taken.\"Asked why the Left did not support the no-confidence motion brought by the Trinamool Congress, the CPM leader said the motion had less chances of getting support as most parties did not want early elections.\"Therefore, the no-confidence motion was a way out for the government, an escape route. And that is exactly what the Trinamool Congress did on the FEMA amendments (in Lok Sabha).\"When told that the government's victory over FDI in retail had led to a rise in investors' confidence, Yechury said, \"Investors' confidence has in fact fallen. It has fallen because they also know that this vote was managed. They also know how precarious and fragile this whole situation is.\"\"Fragility (of the government) lies in the fact that these (victory) margins crucially depend on these two parties -- SP and BSP. That is why this confidence has fallen and not risen,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542992", "title": "Zeta-Jones fed up of talking about bipolar disorder", "text": "Actress Catherine Zeta-Jones is sick of answering queries about her bipolar disorder and has warned reporters against quizzing her on the same.The news of the actress' health issues emerged last year, when she checked into a medical facility in Connecticut to seek treatment for a serious bout of depression.When asked about how she's coping with the condition during an interview on US breakfast show Good Morning America , Zeta-Jones snapped back, saying \"You know what? I'm sick of talking about it because I never wanted to be the poster child for this. I never wanted this to come out publicly. It came out,\" dailystar.co.uk reported.\"I dealt with it in the best way I could and that was just saying that, 'Look, hey, I'm bipolar'. Everyone has things going on and we're doing the best we can. We can't jump from the rooftops shouting about, 'I have this, look at me, victim' - no. We all have issues in life and I'm really happy I have great friends , great support and that's all I can do.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17545182", "title": "Heaven delivered us angel: Reese Witherspoon", "text": "Reese Witherspoon , who gave birth to her son Tennessee this September, said that when she met him for the first time she felt as if heaven had opened up and delivered an angel to her.On Friday, the 36-year-old actress spoke at the March of Dimes Celebrates Babies event in Beverly Hills, where Elizabeth Banks presented her with the Grace Kelly Award.Accepting the award, the Oscar-winning actress talked about motherhood and what it was like to hold her kid in her arms for the first time.Witherspoon told a story about a friend of hers who called her en route to giving birth, wanting to know what to expect at the hospital.Witherspoon said that her friend wanted to know how she was going to feel in that moment and what it would be like when you meet your baby for the very first time.\"And I was talking to Jim, my husband, and I said, 'Can you imagine describing that moment of pure joy that happens when your child is in your arms for the very first time.' I mean, what are the words?!\" Us magazine quoted her as saying.\"We are parents that know the joy of having a beautiful, brilliant, joyful, perfect baby.\"\"That somehow heaven has opened up and delivered us an angel [who] looks adorable in every angle of an iPhone photo. And, in my case, looks gorgeous printed on a bag or a pillow or an iPhone cover-anything you can get on TinyPrints!\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17538876", "title": "Medical experts deliberate on health insurance, eye ailments", "text": "GURGAON: Medical experts deliberated on the several innovations in Indian health insurance industry and advanced technologies in the eye care during a two-day long health summit which concluded on Saturday.The summit was participated by Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh, Dr Nata Menabde (WHO representative to India), Patrick Mullen (senior health specialist, World Bank), Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw (chairperson, Biocon),Rajat Agarwal (co-founder Bionic Eye Project) and few other eminent personalities from the healthcare domain.The event also saw the presence of famous Indian pugilist and Olympic bronze medallist M C Mary Kom.\"As per the technological advancements in the eye care, there are such techniques available that can cure late blindness or blindness that has been caused by any kind of trauma or accident,\" Rajat Agarwal, Co-founder Bionic Eye Project, said.\"We are constantly making all efforts possible to empower patients and families of patients with retinal ailments, and help them make a significant contribution to their own lives, and to the lives of people around them through Retina India Foundation, a non-profit organisation solely working with patients with retinal problems,\" he added.Anuj Gulati, MD &amp; CEO, Religare said, \"It is not true that medical claims are not paid while in reality around 97% of claims are paid to the beneficiaries\".The eminent leader from the medical insurance industry said that there are a lot of innovations happening in the kind of health policies that are offered to people.The key sessions at the second day of the summit also included an informative session by M C Mary Kom on the mental health scenario of the people in north-eastern part of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17539079", "title": "'CCTVs at public places in a month'", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Saturday said the state government will float tenders for installation and maintenance of 24x7 CCTV cameras at public places in the next few days. Speaking at the district planning and development council (DPDC) meeting on Saturday, Pawar said that implementation will begin within 20-25 days. \"I had a meeting with Pune's police commissioner Gulabrao Pol. He said that the process is delayed because the state has some problems with the tenders. In Mumbai, tenders were floated for CCTV cameras. One tender quoted an amount of Rs 1,000 crore while the other quoted much less. There was discrepancy that needed scrutiny. As Mumbai tender was delayed, other tenders too were delayed,\" said Pawar.\"I have asked the chief secretary to float a tender for Mumbai and give notice period of 20-25 days. Work should start immediately once the tendering process is complete. Once the state clears Mumbai CCTV tenders, Pune and other cities could follow the suit,\" said Pawar.Pune's municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak said, \"Private establishments in the city have installed over 1,000 CCTV cameras across the city. Besides, the PMC has installed cameras for traffic surveillance. These cameras have not been integrated, but the PMC is working on it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "shirva (udupi district)", "code": "17540385", "title": "Weekend was family time for her", "text": "SHIRVA (UDUPI DISTRICT): While Benedict, husband of Indian nurse Jacintha who fell prey to the Kate hoax call in UK and later found dead, worked in a supermarket and lived at Bristol with his 16-year-old son Junal and 14-year-old daughter Lisa, Jacintha travelled on weekends from London to be with her husband. \"Ben was supposed to pick up Jacintha on Friday. On Thursday, he got a call from police that something had happened to Jacintha,\" said Irene.Jacintha studied at Fr Muller College of Nursing and left for the Middle East, while Ben moved to Mumbai after his BCom and landed in Muscat. They were introduced to each other though a mutual friend. For the past 15 years, they had been in London. Jacintha's ailing mother lives with her polio-affected sister-in-law Celestine, 82. She has two brothers and three sisters. All her sisters-in-law live within a 20 km radius of Shirva town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17544759", "title": "DK police fail to make progress in Polya double murder case", "text": "MANGALORE: Failure to establish the identity of two women whose bodies were found beside the railway track at Polya under Puttur town police station limits on November 19, has meant that investigation has come to a standstill for now.Establishing identities of these victims is the key to investigations progressing further, said superintendent of police, Abhishek Goyal. The DK district police authorities have already declared the incident, a case of murder.Allaying fears raised by Gopal Kadumatt, member, district legal services authority at the monthly SC/ST meeting here on Sunday that rural DK is becoming a dumping yard for the bodies of murder victims, SP said that injury marks indicated that the victims were murdered at the spot. \"It is not that women were murdered elsewhere and their bodies dumped near the track,\" SP said, adding \"police efforts have slowed down as no leads are available about their identity.\"Gopal earlier pointed that there were 10 check posts bordering Dakshina Kannada and Kerala and it was strange that the bodies of people murdered elsewhere could easily get past these check posts and then get dumped inside the DK district police limits. SP reminded Gopal that there are many other unmanned routes through which people could go to or enter from Kerala and that is not possible to have check posts or police presence on all these routes.About the case, SP said, \"We have taken various steps that could possibly help us get a clue about these victims, including releasing their photos through media and the district police's official blog,\" admitting that these efforts have drawn a blank so far, he said that the police also questioned some people who were suspected to bring the women to the district. \"But our probe on them confirmed that these women brought by the suspects are alive and well,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539776", "title": "RTO orders 4k cabbies to go off roads", "text": "MUMBAI: The Regional Transport Office (RTO) on Saturday directed more than 4,000 cabbies-who have not recalibrated e-meters-not to ply.\"Cabbies who have failed to get the e-meters recalibrated according to the new tariff will not be allowed to conduct business in Mumbai. Our flying squads will impose hefty penalties on such drivers,\" said Tardeo regional transport officer MB Jadhav. A fine of Rs 600 will be levied on errant taxi drivers.The state government on Friday extended the deadline for recalibration of e-meters to December 15. \"Taxi drivers have to go off roads and get the e-meters recalibrated before December 15. They cannot ply till then,\" he added.Taxi union leader AL Quadros said the recalibration of all the existing taxi e-meters will be completed before December 15.Consumer rights activist Shirish Deshpande said although the state transport department extended the deadline for e-meter recalibration till December 15, it did not specify, in its circular, that the taxis will have to go off roads. \"Moreover, the department has never publicized the 45-day deadline for recalibration and has been lax in acting against taxi drivers with mechanical meters,\" Deshpande said. \"Many cabbies with mechanical meters haven't gone for recalibration. They will have to go in for the updation by January 31,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17540030", "title": "Goons drag disabled man for 1.5km", "text": "JABALPUR: Defending his friend's relationship with a girl proved to be costly for the disabled Ajay Singh Rajput.Led by the girl's uncle Devendra Vaidehi\u00e2\u20ac\u201da murder accused\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand listed criminal in the area, goons stormed Rajput's house on Saturday morning, tied his only leg to a car and dragged him through the market for about 1.5km. It happened in broad daylight in Tilwara, a colony on the banks of the Narmada and within city limits, but no witness has come forward.No one is willing to identify and depose against the culprits or complain to the police, while a profusely bleeding Rajput admitted to the medical college runs the risk of losing or severely-damaging his healthy leg.A driver by profession, Rajput had lost his right leg and his job two years ago after an accident, his cousin Gangaram said. Sanjay, an old friend, stood by him all along and helped him cope with the challenge post-amputation. So when Sanjay fell for a neighbourhood girl and decided to marry her despite her family's opposition, Ajay was all supportive.Vaidehi was deeply offended by what he called a bid to meddle with the family honour, Gangaram claimed and added, \"Ajju should have minded his own business but despite his physical limitations he never feared anything. Now look where he has landed.\"According to an eyewitness who refused to be identified, \"Rajput was sitting out in the sun on Saturday when Vaidehi came along with two others. An altercation ensued and soon the three of them lifted Rajput and took him to the waiting Swift car. Vaidehi was threatening to kill him and did not seem to care about the people assembled. Soon they tied him to the vehicle and sped away. It took us a while to come to grip with the situation and call the police,\" he said. Vaidehi is still at large, but two of his aids have been held, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17543888", "title": "Former players criticise India's poor show, call for changes", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's meek surrender in two consecutive Tests against England on home turf was on Sunday lambasted by former players, who felt it was high time the selectors made players accountable for their shambolic performance.India lost by seven wickets in the third Test in Kolkata to concede an unassailable 2-1 series lead to England, who had earlier mauled the hosts by 10 wickets in the second match in Mumbai.\"England were well-prepared while India were over confident. The Indian preparation for this important series was diabolical,\" said former captain and ex-chief selector Dilip Vengsarkar.\"When we went to England we played one warm-up game before plunging into the Test series. The same happened when we went to Australia. By contrast England's preparations were very good. I hope the selectors show vision and courage of conviction. At least a couple of changes are expected straightaway,\" he said.Another former chief selector Kris Srikkanth directed his ire towards skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni , calling him confused.\"Definitely Dhoni is confused. He does not know what to do and when things go out of control he just lets them drift away,\" he said.Kiran More , also a former selector, said some changes should be made to the side ahead of the fourth Test starting on Thursday in Nagpur.\"We were outplayed in all departments and if you don't score 450 plus in the first innings on a track that was provided, you are already on the backfoot. At this point of time you cannot have wholesale changes, may be one or two changes for the next Test match.\"I don't want to blame the captain alone because it has been a collective failure,\" he said.Asked what should be the next step forward, More said, \"It is a difficult phase we are going through but this rebuilding stage will continue for another 2-3 years minimum. Till then you need to have confidence in the set up and also back the youngsters who will be playing the longer version.\"Former batsman Kirti Azad ridiculed the team's performance and praised the Englishmen for adapting to the conditions.\"It is not just the batsmen, it is the entire team. I fail to understand that our spinners were struggling to take wickets but look at the spinners of the England team. They have bowled to a very good line. They are not trying anything because the wicket is helpful.\"They have managed to put batsmen under a lot of pressure and you could see that even the god of cricket struggled to get into form. I have heard Niranjan Shah say that this team can do wonders. Sure it can but only in the dressing room I suppose,\" he said.Azad said the team lacks consistent performers. \"I think we have the best team on paper. I hope we are not reduced to paper tigers. We have some great players in the side but it seems they are supporting each other rather than trying to support and make a good Indian team.\"We have good players who can perform well but then your greatness is known by your consistency, if you don't have consistency than you old records will not help you,\" he said.Former England captain Geoffery Boycott said India were \"out-batted, out-bowled, out-fielded and out-energised by the England team.\"\"England showed remarkable comeback after the Ahmedabad Test. It was a huge challenge for them. In Ahmedabad, they lost because of the scoreboard pressure,\" he said.Analysing Inida's problems, Boycott said, \"Look at your best players last year. Virat Kohli , he has been out five times to awful shots. Somebody should talk to him and ask what is going on here. If I were a selector, I would sit down with the team and talk to them.\"India's body language is just not good. I don't think they can win in Nagpur unless they show remarkable improvement,\" Boycott added.Forner captain Mohammed Azharudding said,\" It was a disappointing performance and it was time for youngsters to get a chance.\"Former coach Ajit Wadekar said the Indians seemed over-confident.\"Indians' body language showed they were complacent while England had come well-prepared. They spent time in Dubai and Sri Lanka before coming here and were determined to do well. Our middle order failed miserably and their spinners Monty Panesar and Graeme Swann bowled much better than ours,\" he declared.\"(Ravichandran) Ashwin seems to be a better batsman than a bowler and could be promoted up the batting order,\" he quipped.Raja Venkat, who was a national selector till two months back, feels that the quality of England team attack has made the difference.\"Graeme Swann and Monty Panesar have bowled much much better than Ravichandran Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha. you need to understand that if you are clamouring for turning tracks then you are making it easier for the English spinners simply because they are far superior than our Indian counterparts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17539361", "title": "Confident BJP may not escape anti-incumbency wrath against candidates in North Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: An interesting facet of these assembly elections in Gujarat is that there exists the factor of anti- incumbency against the BJP government but then it is more against individual candidates than the party as such. This is especially visible in north Gujarat, which has been a BJP bastion since 1995 and also happens to be the home turf of Chief Minister Narendra Modi.It was the fear of anti-incumbency alone that had forced powerful revenue minister Anandiben Patel to jettison Patan constituency in north Gujarat for a safe seat in Ahmedabad's Ghatlodia. That this would create a political vaccum in the district as the decision comes at the eleventh hour, was nobody's concern.If former chief minister Keshubhai Patel's Gujarat Parivartan Party's impact is visible anywhere other than Saurashtra, then it is in north Gujarat. Several senior leaders of Vishwa Hindu Parishad, Bhartiya Kisan Sangh and other Sangh Parivar outfits whom Modi had rubbed the wrong way, are also working whole heartedly to cause maximum damage to the ruling BJP here.Congress leader Madhusudan Mistry is a well-known name in the tribal belt of Sabarkantha. In Dalit- dominated areas in the district, the unhappiness with the BJP government over the incident of police firing in Thangadh is quite palpable.Dalits and Muslims constitute over 30 per cent of the electorate in most of the constituency in north Gujarat. Besides, Bhavsinh has left BJP to rejoin Congress, which will strengthen the Thakore votebank for the latter in at least 16 constituencies in the region.Small farmers are unhappy with the state government over the issue of electricity and many are still waiting to get power connection. The state government had started to accept applications for power connection only this year in view of the assembly elections. However, power supply quality is not good, a farmer in Banaskantha district said, criticizing the prevailing billing policy and high tariff.Delimitation has changed the contours of certain constituencies in Gandhinagar , Mehsana, Patan, Sabarkantha and Banaskantha in north Gujarat where out of total 32 seats, the BJP had won 23 in 1995, 23 in 1998, 18 in 2002 and 25 in 2007. In the last elections, BJP won all the seven seats in Mehsana. In Patan BJP won four and Congress two. In Banaskantha, BJP won seven and Congress one and in Sabarkantha, BJP bagged five and Congress three. BJP captured the Danta seat in the byelection held in 2009.However, the BJP is expected to suffer major loss and Congress would gain in this region in these assembly elections. The Brand Modi is strong in the region but the BJP is not protected against the growing shadow of anti- incumbency, general dissatisfaction over candidate selection and the issues of unemployment and water crisis, a BJP worker said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17544389", "title": "New type of chemical bonding discovered in distant universe", "text": "WASHINGTON: A University of North Dakota scientist and his team have discovered a molecular-level interaction in space that science had puzzled over for decades but had never seen.That discovery, it turns out, may redefine how science views chemical compound formation. It also answers questions about what goes on in places like white dwarfs, the super dense cores of stars nearing the end of their life cycles.\"We discovered a new type of chemical bonding. That's a pretty bold statement, but I'm not kidding you! It's a brand new type of chemical bonding, not previously known to science,\" said Mark Hoffmann, a computational chemist from the University of North Dakota, who is known globally for his pioneering work in the theory and computer modeling of chemical compound formation.Mark Hoffmann and his colleagues Tryve Helgaker, a well-known Norwegian scientist, and co-authors EI Tellgren and K Lange, also working in Norway , have rewritten the chemical rule book for assessing what happens in the night sky. It's about answering timeless questions such as how stars form, evolve, and eventually die.Their work also provides the secret for how some compounds form in the distant universe .\"Our discovery addresses one of the mysteries in astrophysics about the spectrum of white dwarf stars. White dwarfs have an unusual spectrum that has been thought to result from polymerized hydrogen and helium which, of course, do not occur on Earth,\" Hoffmann said.\"It's possible out there because the magnetic fields on white dwarfs are several orders of magnitude larger than anything that can be generated on Earth,\" he stated.The closest white dwarf, Sirius B, is a faint twin to the brightest star in the night sky, Sirius A. It's about the same size as our sun, but much denser; its average density is 1.7 metric tons per cubic centimeter, or about 3,000 pounds compressed into a box the size of a sugar cube.Hoffmann and his team described a magnetically induced bonding process between materials.\"There was speculation that this phenomenon should exist, but no one had the proof , and no one -- until the team I'm on described the process -- had the theoretical structure and the computational tools to address this,\" he said. On Earth, even the boldest military experiments generate a peak of maybe 1,000 Tesla -- a measure of magnetic force (refrigerator magnets generate a thousandth of one Tesla). But on Sirius B, for example, magnetic fields are on the order of 200,000 to 400,000 Tesla, enough to challenge the electronic interactions that dominate the chemistry and material science we know on Earth.Such vast magnetic fields directly alter the way atoms come together, and can alter the chemical reality we know on Earth.\"What we had before we discovered this was basically a paper-and-pencil model of what goes on in the universe. Compared to what's out there in places such as white dwarf stars, the magnetic fields we can generate here -- even with the strongest magnets -- are pathetic,\" he noted.So how did they do it?\"We computationally modeled the behavior that we theorized, based on universally applicable physical principles,\" Hoffmann said.The team's computer model supported their theory. Now it's up to astrophysicists to test the model by old-fashioned observation of the stars.This momentous discovery appeared in an article in a recent issue of the internationally respected journal Science.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543357", "title": "No more bikini shoots for Megan Fox", "text": "Actress Megan Fox is worried her son will be \"horrified\" when he sees her old bikini shoots.The 26-year-old gave birth to Noah, her first child with husband Brian Austin Green , in September and revealed becoming a mother has changed her approach to her work.\"It changes your perspective about being overly sexual in a film when you have a baby,\"mirror quoted Fox as saying.\"I'm going to be more cautious about choosing films because I'm already thinking about when he's in school and his friends are going to be showing him my photo shoots with me in a bikini and he's going to be horrified. So that will deter me from making some of the choices I made before,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17541162", "title": "One arrested for chopping off youth\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s hands in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: One of the five men, who had chopped off the hands of a 25-year-old youth in Karoli district for allegedly having an illicit relationship with a woman from his village, was arrested on Saturday. The incident took place at Baloti village in the Sapotra police station area around 10 am. The woman's relatives told him to sign on papers saying that half of his property will be in name the woman's brother, Rekh Singh. When he did not consent, relatives of the woman chopped off Papu Sharma's hands and ran away with them. Papu was forced to sit in their room the whole night and thrashed by the woman's family members.A police officer said that Rekh's father Harigothia was the main accused in the case. \"Harigothia had led the gang of people involved in chopping off Papu's hands,\" said a police officer.According to Papu's father , Ram Krishen Sharma, the brother of the girl, Rekh Singh, asked Papu to come to his house around 5 pm on Thursday, where his uncle Harigothia Meena would speak to him regarding some issues.Papu was taken to Gangapur hospital from where he was immediately referred to SMS hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17539855", "title": "Biometric system to track visitors at Central Prison", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore Central Prison authorities have decided to implement biometric system for the visitors at the prison in order to maintain a list and identity of the visitors.According to the authorities, three visitors can meet inmates once a week. The visitors can spend 30 minutes with the convicts in the interview hall of the prison complex. Many visitors used fake addresses and names to meet the prisoners more than once a week. Moreover, such visists led to transfer of contraband items into the prison. Therefore to prevent such activities at the Central Prison, authorities have decided to keep a strict vigil on the visitors.After implementing the system, the visitors would be required to show their identity proofs (voter identity cards, driving licenses, Pan cards) to enter the prison complex. The photographs of the visitors will be taken using a web camera at the prison complex and their addresses, names will be stored in the computers. Fingerprints of the visitors will also be recorded.If any visitor comes to meet the prisoner more than once in a week using a different address or name, the system will alert the prison staff showing the details of the person's last visit.\"The system would help the department. Many of the habitual offenders used to come to the prison. They tried to smuggle the contraband items or hatch criminal plans. Their visits will be controlled after the system will be effectively implemented in the prison,\" said SP S Rajendran, Coimbatore Central Prison.Now the system is in experimental stage at Palayamkottai Central Prison and the system will be implemented at Vellore, Coimbatore, Trichy Central Prisons in a phase-manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "17538710", "title": "Girl gang-raped", "text": "DELHI: A 16-year-old girl was allegedly gang-raped by two men in her house in Mangolpuri on Thursday evening. The accused, Kuldeep (21) and Joginder (24), were held on Saturday. The incident took place when the girl was alone at home. The accused, her neighbors, barged into the house and took turns to rape her. The girl told her parents about the incident who approached cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17539902", "title": "6-yr-old dragged 25 feet by biker, dies", "text": "NAGPUR: Her antics were as cute as a cartoon character and popular too in Rahul Nagar locality of Somalwada where she stayed. Many of those who loved the chirpy Sharvari Wankhede, 6, were seen shedding tears on Saturday outside mortuary of Government Medical College and Hospital as the doctors were gearing up to perform post mortem on her.The injuries on the body of Sharvari, a first standard student, indicated that she was dragged around 25 feet under killer bike between Chhatrapati square and Savarkar Nagar square.Sharvari was the youngest of the three sisters.Mother Sangeeta, left surprised as the girl suddenly started running to cross road, was frozen by shock in the next few moments as a lightning fast bike took Sharvari away under it at a jet-set speed. Trapped under the two-wheeler, the girl in school uniform was being rescued and rushed to a private hospital by the onlookers. The passers-by also thrashed the biker, later identified as engineering student Sunny Dhoke, 19, who too sustained some injuries. A neighbour who too was returning home in the group, fell unconscious by the sight.Sangeeta and Sharvari were returning home after receiving their result cards from the school. A group was crossing the road. Most were already on the other side of the divider when Sharvari suddenly freed her hand from mother's grip and started running to reach the footpath on the other side. Dhoke, heading towards home at Swalambi Nagar from college, couldn't control the bike at the last moment as the girl came in the way.The Rana Pratap Nagar police has registered an offence against Dhoke for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540682", "title": "Ratio of girls to boys falls to new low in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Efforts to curb female foeticide and pre-natal gender tests despite strong laws have failed miserably and the Child Sex Ratio (CSR ) is falling drastically in Hyderabad and elsewhere in the state , officials said two days before the government and independent groups begin the 'Save the girl child' campaign.In Hyderabad , the fifth largest city in South India , the CSR has come down from 943 girls per 1,000 boys to 938 girls to 1000 boys in the past 10 years and the situation in the districts is worse with the CSR in Warangal falling from 955 girls in 2001 to just 912 girl per 1,000 boys now . \"The deplorable scenario is the result of increasing violence, foeticide, infanticide , trafficking of poor women , forced polyandry and availability of advanced technology for widespread use of sex determination and sex selective abortions ,\" said P Raghu , regional manager of Actionaid , which is spearheading the campaign along with the government in collaboration with other NGOs.The campaign which involves awareness workshops , community sensitising , interface meetings at district and mandal levels among others , will first be launched in 100 villages across 10 districts , where the CSR is most disturbing . Sunitha Laxma Reddy , minister for women and child welfare ,willlaunchthecampaign in the city on Monday. In the state , female foeticide among other reasons has led to a steady drop in the state's CSR with 943 girls per 1,000 boys being reported now from 961 girls in 2001.The campaign will cover 100 villagesin thedistrictsof Warangal , Kadapa , Nalgonda , Ananthapur , Chittoor and Mahbubnagar among others . Experts said poor implementation of the Pre-Conception Pre-N atal and Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994 in the state is one of the major reasons for the declining CSR . \"Some doctors are easily agreeing for sex determination tests and abortions . If things are not brought under control in the next 10 years the CSR in AP will become as low as that of Punjab andH aryana,\"saidAsha SinRatio of girls to boys falls to new low in Andhra Pradeshgh , member , National Inspection Monitoring Cell, a central government body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17539866", "title": "Industry meets, blinks at state power", "text": "COIMBATORE: A joint meeting of representatives from industry and trade convened here on Saturday decided to forward a request to the state government to ensure 'equitable power supply' across the state without any special preference to Chennai. The meeting was organised under the Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumers joint meeting and was attended by over 140 representatives from various associations from across the state.The meeting decided to go with the said decision after the chief minister J Jayalalithaa announced relief to small and medium scale industries in the form of increase in VAT reduction on generators and VAT exemption on furnace oil used in these sets.\"We have decided to go through the proper channel and approach the chief minister, power minister and senior officials of TANGEDCO demanding equitable or 'Samacheer' supply of power in the state. We also understand the government's situation as there is no power available in the state against the total demand,\" said D Balasundharam, president, Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumers Association (TECA).The meeting was convened to prepare a strategy to ensure the industrial sector is bailed out of the power crisis immediately as there is an overall dip of 40 to 50 per cent production in almost all sectors, small medium and large industries. A 27-member core committee has also been constituted comprising of presidents of various industrial associations to press for their power demands with the state government in the coming days.\"We can save power to ensure at least five to six hours of proper supply if the government opts for equitable supply of power across the state. Compared to rest of the state, Chennai reels under two-hours power cut. We hope that the government will take a positive stand on our demand,\" said M Kandhaswami, former president, Coimbatore District Small Industries Association ( CODISSIA).According to the stakeholders, the decision to soft pedal on the government's present stand on the power crisis was unanimous in the meeting. R Kalyanasundaram, president, Tamil Nadu Pumps and Pares Manufacturers Association also added that the industrial sector has decided to appeal to the state government for equitable power supply across the state at the moment.However, representatives of some of the small and tiny industries hinted that they will decide on further course of action after the government's response from the government to their 'equitable power supply' strategy. There are as many as 7 lakh tiny and small industries across the state with a total turnover of over Rs 1,500 crores which has presently dipped to about 50 percent after power outage became severe in the state.According to some of the representatives present in the meeting initially, there were plans to launch a mass indefinite hunger strike and dharna in various centres including Coimbatore to press for their demand for at least six to eight hours of continuous power supply on a daily basis but it was shelved at the last moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17540827", "title": "Rules shot down to kill Kerala tiger", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wildlife experts have concluded that the tiger shot dead in Wayanad district of Kerala on Sunday by forest officials, under pressure from a frenzied mob, had been captured as a cattle-lifter less than a month ago but released back into the wild the same day.The finding raises questions about the decision to free the animal without proper investigation into what was driving it to kill cattle. According to the Bangalore-based Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which retraced the tiger's movements by matching its strips through pictures \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the same animal had been box-trapped by the Kerala Forest Department in Periyar forest range of North Wayanad Division on November 14.\"The tiger was at least 10 years old. Given its advanced age, emaciated condition and serious injuries, it should have been either held in captivity permanently or euthanized professionally. Releasing it posed a risk to itself, to other tigers that it could try to evict, and potentially to humans and livestock,\" said K Ullas Karanth, director for science (Asia), WCS.As per media reports, the department released the tiger around 4pm on November 14 itself in the Kurchiyat range of Muthanga Wildlife Sanctuary in Wayanad. Over the next couple of weeks or so, the animal reportedly killed more than a dozen cattle from neighbouring villages. This was a reason why the mob exhorted a special task force of the forest department to shoot the big cat after it had strayed into a coffee plantation in Moolamkavu area, on the fringes of the Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary on December 2.By matching recent pictures of the predator with its extensive database of camera-trap images taken over two decades, WCS has positively identified the tiger as NHT-243. It said the tiger was first photo-captured in Nagarahole National Park (Karnataka) on February 15, 2005. It appeared to be at least two years old then, which means its age at death was 10 years or above. \"NHT-243 was an unusual individual. It appeared to have relatively small genetalia and its total length of 246 cm was rather short for an adult male tiger of its age. It is likely this animal was unable to compete and establish a territory in Nagarahole around 2005-2007 and became a transient,\" a WCS note stated.Karanth said that camera-trapping of tigers was a great resource but it should be done scientifically. \"Ad hoc camera-trapping done in Wayanad led authorities to declare a tiger population of 90, which is three to four times the actual number. This too became a source of panic leading to mass frenzy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538897", "title": "Consumer body questions UPPCL's revenue figures", "text": "LUCKNOW: The annual revenue requirement (ARR) filed by UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) for the financial year 2013-14 came under sharp criticism of the UP Rajya Vidyut Upbhogta Parishad, a power consumer association, on Saturday.Terming it a 'play of numbers', the parishad said that the ARR filed by the UPPCL remains to be audited. Parishad president, AK Verma, who is also member of UP Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC), said that the commission while deciding the recent power tariff had approved only Rs 29,180 crore, instead of Rs 33,786 crore, which was filed by UPPCL. In other words Rs 4,606 crore was slashed.This time the UPPCL hiked the ARR to Rs 37,688 crore, which Verma said was totally baseless. The distribution companies are yet to get their balance sheet audited, so that the actual losses could be ascertained. As a matter of fact, the UPPCL faces a heavy revenue crunch of around Rs 25,000 crore, essentially because of poor revenue recovery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17538958", "title": "Southern star horse show on the way", "text": "PUNE: A total of 18 equestrian teams, including 12 from the Indian Army, will participate in various categories of the 'Southern star horse show 2012', being organised by the Headquarters, Southern Command, at the general parade ground, Pune race course, from December 13 to 15.Teams from National Defence Academy (NDA), Officers Training Academy, Armoured Corps Centre and School, Artillery Centre, Northern and Eastern Commands, are among the prominent army teams that will showcase their talent at the show. In all, 80 to 100 riders, 95 army horses and 20 civilian horses will put up a show at the event, which is being hosted for the first time by the city.Speaking to reporters on Saturday, Major General J S Deol of the Army Service Corps (ASC) said, \"The idea behind the horse show is primarily to popularise the equestrian sport in the city and the country. A national show jumping novice will be part of the event considering that selection of Indian equestrian team for international competitions is based on performance of riders in the national events.\"The equestrian sport is categorised into parts such as introductory, novice, medium and advanced. \"The national show jumping event here will be of novice category featuring 35 to 45 horses,\" Deol said.The Commandant of NDA, Lt Gen Ashok Singh, will inaugurate the show at 9 am on December 13, while Southern army commander, Lt Gen A K Singh, will be the chief guest for the concluding event on December 15.An officer from the organising committee said, \"The army, with the maximum number of horses remains the biggest stakeholder in equestrian sport in India, followed by the paramilitary forces and the civilian fraternity. The introductory class has the largest number of riders and the number goes on reducing as one moves towards novice and advanced grades.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17543843", "title": "Sullia in DK records highest temperature in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Sullia hobli in Sullia taluk of Dakshina Kannada district recorded highest maximum temperature of 37.7\u00c2\u00b0C on December 8 at 2.30pm. Lowest minimum temperature of 12.7\u00c2\u00b0C was recorded in Kunigal hobli in Kunigal taluk of Tumkur district on Sunday between 5.30-6.15am. Negligible rainfall has been recorded all over the state in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Sunday. Rainfall was negligible in all 30 districts.North-Eastern monsoon too was weak in these 30 districts. Very light rain was recorded in nine districts and no rain in 21 districts. Maximum relative humidity of 99.9\u00c2\u00b0C is recorded in Jala hobli in Bangalore north taluk of Bangalore urban district on December 9 during 2.15 am to 9.45am. Minimum relative humidity 18.0\u00c2\u00b0C is recorded in Koratagere hobli, Koratagere taluk, Tumkur district on December 8 at 2.07pm.Karnataka for the period October 1 to December 9 recorded deficit rainfall of 21%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 184mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state recorded rainfall of 146mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on December 9, the four geographical regions received 0mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 1mm, a deficit of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539514", "title": "'I get upset when fashion is taken lightly'", "text": "Undoubtedly, the most provocatively titled session at the TOI Literary Carnival-'Stitches and Bitches'-did not disappoint the long queue of audiences. True to its name, the high octane session on Mumbai's fashion circuit was rarely without fireworks, causing TarunTahiliani, fashion designer and one of the panelists, to even exclaim in good humour, \"As you can see, everyone has their extreme take on things in fashion.\" His co-panelists, fashion designer Wendell Rodricks and socialite and jewellery designer Queenie Singh were in silent approval.The tone of the session was set by moderator Shefalee Vasudev, writer-columnist and founding editor of Marie Claire, who prodded the panelists to respond to critical idea points such as the 'the purple haze of drugs, glamour and models' that fashion gets regularly perceived through.While fashion was the overarching theme for the session, expressing his disapproval for the manner in which press treats fashion, Rodricks stated, \"I get very upset when our fraternity gets taken lightly. We're not just doing stitches. We're putting in a lot of good work.\" Vasudev added, \"Fashion is about anthropology, politics and culture. It needs an educated press.\"While there might have been plenty of disapprovals, all agreed that fashion had more to it than just parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539665", "title": "Leila Seth tells Mumbai how she became a suitable mother", "text": "An Oxford- and Stanford-educated child who throws away an offer from the World Bank to write poetry is bound to cause his parents some worry. And when poet and novelist Vikram Seth first told his mother Leila Seth that's what he intended to do, she tried to dissuade him. \"I told him to take the job for five years, get the World Bank pension, and then write poetry,\" said Leila. The first woman chief justice of a state high court recounted anecdotes, shared her fears of being a mother, and talked about balancing work and life in a session titled 'Bringing up Vikram'.\"Where does one start? Who brings up a child? Is it the parents, the grandparents, the aunts and uncles, the school, the teachers, other relatives? And when does the bringing up end?\" she asked during the half-hour talk.In Vikram's case it took a phalanx of relatives to bring up the boy who would grow up to become one of India's best-known novelists. Apart from Leila and her husband Premo, there was Leila's mother, her younger brother and his wife, her older brother and his wife, and her uncle and his German wife who lived in London .\"I often wondered if I was doing the right thing as a mother. How was I to create the fine balance between my work and the responsibilities of being a wife and a mother?\" said Leila, who wrote her autobiography On Balance some years ago. Reassurance came from her firstborn Vikram who, when they were having a conversation about poverty in Patna , told her, \"I'm so glad you don't talk to me only about the price of onions and the stupidity of servants, like other mothers.\"Another big influence in Vikram's life was the housemaster at the Doon School who introduced him to Western classical music and poetry and instilled in him a love for adventure. Vikram won a scholarship to Tonbridge, UK, when he was 16, but Leila was reluctant to let him go. \"Drugs were rampant in British public schools,\" she said. But Premo said they could not hold him back as it would leave Vikram disappointed and resentful. \"We knew he was a loner, a complex child who loved swimming, chess, music and poetry,\" she said.Leila's uncle agreed to act in loco parentis to the young Vikram, but the Seths could not send him pocket money due to the strict foreign exchange regulations. \"He could not come home for holidays as it was too expensive. Vikram was going away,\" she said. It would be a while before he returned. After Tonbridge, Vikram won scholarships to Oxford and Stanford. After he turned down the World Bank job, he tried to write poetry and self-published his first collection. No one responded.\"He realised he had to write novels to sustain his love for poetry, which is what he does now,\" said Leila. Vikram moved back home for seven years while he wrote A Suitable Boy, his most famous book. \"I have learnt that to love people, you have to hold your palm open, and let them go,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540890", "title": "'Time to review laws for honour killings'", "text": "KOLKATA: A chill went down the collective spine of this city when a 29-year-youth, Mehtab Alam, walked into a police station with the severed head of his sister in one hand, a sword dripping blood in the other. Nilofer Bibi, perhaps 22, had sullied the brother's honour by \"running off with a lover\".Nilofer had not run off to marry a man of her choice. That too would've been a crime, but lesser than the one she committed by deserting the husband chosen by her family eight years ago - when she was merely 14 - and with whom she had two children. So what if her in-laws tortured her? Her brother was not outraged by that. He felt disgraced because she moved in with a man she loved!This crime has shattered Kolkata's pride as an 'honour-crime-free' zone. Yes, Murshidabad had reported killing of teenagers by brothers, cousins, fathers because they refused to break off with men of their choice. Unwed pregnancies being rewarded with death are also known, though seldom reported. Why, in 2010, Talgram village in Murshidabad's Kandi block had retrieved the body of Maya, whose throat was slit by her cousin Mantu Sheikh, acting for her parents Tajem Khan and Hanifa Bibi. Maya's crime? Love.Homicide by brother or father of a person who's brought 'disgrace' upon the family or community is far from being a rarity even in Kolkata. Have we forgotten Rizwanur Rahman, 'found dead' on railway tracks, weeks after his civil marriage to Priyanka Todi, whose father was displeased that she'd married into another community, and 'convinced' the police to 'intervene' in order to ensure the groom 'removed himself'?Desiring to marry by own choice, especially in a community, caste or class deemed 'inappropriate,' is the commonest ground for 'khap' killing. However, wanting to terminate an arranged marriage, pregnancy outside marriage, adultery, homosexuality, even dressing in an 'unacceptable' manner or chatting with a man on Facebook has triggered such murders - in Delhi, UP, Haryana, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Lebanon, Jordan, Syria , Turkey, Iraq, Iran , Egypt, Rome, Germany, UK, Belgium, Brazil...\"According to UN, the figure crosses 5,000 a year,\" director Jean Claude Codsi said after the screening of 'A Man of Honor' in the Cairo Film Festival last Saturday. This crime not only \"prevails through the Middle East and South Asia\"; in many countries law takes a lenient view and treats it as 'less serious' or 'more justified' than murder. This prompted Codsi to make the film that revolves around a Jordonian who flees to Lebanon after committing a murder to save his sister-in-law from such a death.All such killings are done by the girl's brother or father, \"never the boy's,\" Codsi said. That's because \"often there are dark tales of incest behind the killings\", he spelt out in a conversation what the film hints at. NGOs in Jordon, where much of the movie was shot, \"have been fighting in vain to change the law that views such killings as 'circumstantial death,'\" Codsi informed. But \"five months ago Lebanon has changed the law to treat them as murder without any exonerating clause\".In India Sanlaap, the Kolkata-based NGO, and Delhi's Centre for Social Research have been urging that \"the laws for such killings - that are currently treated simply as murder - should be replaced by harsher laws.\" This is necessary because \"dishonour killings\" have gone up as \"women are becoming more empowered, educated and confident\" but patriarchal societies are unwilling to revise their norms, the gender equality rights organisations have said on record.A father wanting to kill his daughter who is pregnant by an outsider - a German - is at the core of Where the Fire Burns, also seen at CIFF. The quietly moving road movie directed by Ismail Gunes will compete for the Best Foreign Language Oscar 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17538175", "title": "It's Maha women vs Southern Rly in final", "text": "MUMBAI: Last year's runners-up Maharashtra eased into the women's final of the 8th Savio Cup basketball tournament with a 10-point win over Chhattisgarh, at the Don Bosco school courts, Matunga. The state eves made the title round with an all-win record, their scalps including Southern Railway, who they will face in Sunday's final. The 76-66 victory on Saturday saw the likes of Renu Maurya (18) and Manisha Dange (16) play key roles and breach the weak defence of the opposition.Swamped in the first quarter by the fast-paced game of ONGC, the US side rallied to dominate the next two sessions, but flagged again in the last quarter to lose narrowly. Riding on captain Vishesh Brighuvanshi's brilliant show, who not only withstood the physical play of the Americans but also held their own in the skills department, ONGC did much credit to their favourite tag. Briguvanshi emerged as the top-scorer with 27 points. Amritpal was a close second with 19 points. For the guests, Terrance Thomas was the highest scorer with 23 points to boot.In a late match, ONGC, after their big win over Sportspower, kept their all-win record intact as they ousted Tamil Nadu with a 78-63. ONGC will again take on Sportspower from the US, in Sunday's final.Result Men: ONGC 78 (Amritpal Singh 22) bt TN 63 (Amjyot Singh 20) Women: Maharashtra 76 (Renu Maurya 18, Manisha Dange 16) bt Chhattisgarh 66 (M Pushpa 24, Poona Chaturvedi 14).Shinde storms into semis: Rohit Shinde stormed into the semi-finals of the 69kg welterweight category with a knockout win over Mastan (single name) in the Mumbai University's Inter-Collegiate boxing tournament being organized by Rizvi College at their Carter Road premises on Saturday.The University of Mumbai boxer was quick off the blocks and before his opponent from St. Gonsalo Garcia College could even realize what had happened he found himself on the mat with his trainer throwing in the towel.Vaishnavi clinches title: Top Sri Vaishnavi Peddi Reddy of India defeated her compatriot and unseeded Pranjala Yadlapalli to claim the girl's singles crown in the CCI-ITF Junior Boys' &amp; Girls' under-18 Tennis Championship.The 17-year-old Vaishnavi from Hyderabad encountered quite a strong challenge from her city mate, who is four years younger, before pulling off a 3-6, 6-2, 6-4 victory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17540494", "title": "CPM opposes CID probe into land scam", "text": "MYSORE: CPM has said that allowing CID investigation into Chamundi Hills land scam is a conspiracy and will not unearth the truth.Addressing mediapersons, CPM district secretary K Basavaraj said that BJP MLC G Madhusudana, who accused DC P S Vastrad of succumbing to real estate lobby, and district minister S A Ramdas of being involved in the scam.\"It is a major scam in the history,\" he claimed, adding: \"The CID probe that the government has ordered is an eyewash, and is a time-buying tactic adopted by district minister Ramdas and the government. CID probe is used by political leaders to suit their needs.\"The district has over 50,000 bagar hukum cultivators from centuries. \"They are fighting to obtain the title deeds. There are also lakhs of small farmers and citizens in urban areas who are deprived of their dream homes,\" he said, urging the authorities to give title deeds to cultivators at the earliest. Basavaraj alleged that there is another big scam with regard to CA site distribution waiting to come out in the open. \"Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda) must probe and take back illegally allocated CA sites,\" he urged.He also said scam to the tune of crore has taken place in buying land by Karnataka Housing Board for building residential layouts near Gungaral Hall in Mysore district. \"Lokayukta or CBI should investigate it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17540201", "title": "Mentally ill man drives MTC bus, rams shops", "text": "CHENNAI: The few people waiting at the Thiruvottiyur bus terminus at 12.15am on Saturday were stunned to see a man jump into the driver's seat of a parked MTC bus and drive it into shops and a parked cab. Later it turned out the 45-year-old 'driver' was a mentally ill man.Police are yet to confirm his identity, though he later gave his name as Vaidyalingam. MTC employees and shopkeepers in the locality said they had seen him roaming the area in the past two months. \"We don't know how he started the bus,\" a police officer said.The MTC bus (TN 01 N 9814) was parked at the terminus after the driver retired for the night. Witnesses told police they saw a man getting behind the wheel and starting the vehicle. He drove for about 300 metres before ramming the bus into two shops and a call taxi parked by the road. There were only a few people at the terminus, and no one was injured.Police said when MTC employees got into the crashed bus, they found the man in the driver's seat, apparently unperturbed by the commotion he had caused. MTC employees handed the man over to police. An eyewitness told officers that the bus was parked diagonal to the shops facing the exit of the terminus.\"The bus started with a jerk and moved fast. It hit a mobile recharge shop, then a kiosk and later a Fast Track call taxi on the road side,\" police quoted the eyewitness as saying. One side of the car was damaged. The two shops came down in the impact. Based on a complaint from kiosk owner M Umapathy, 35, of Vedhachalam Avenue in Thiruvottiyur, police registered a case. After preliminary inquiries, police suspect that the safety switch was not locked, so the man simply had to press the 'start' button near the steering wheel to bring the engine to life.\"We are probing whether the MTC driver or someone else had made a shortcut connection of wires,\" the police officer said. MTC managing director T P Rajendran called it a very unusual mishap. \"We have ordered a departmental probe and will take action if any MTC employee is found to be at fault.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540894", "title": "People told to pray at local mosques", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several local mosque committees in Old City are urging people to offer prayers at neighbourhood mosques instead of the Mecca Masjid near Charminar, which has witnessed clashes between protesters and the police in recent weeks.In what is seemingly a new move, officials of the neighbourhood mosques are playing their part in convincing youngsters to maintain law and order near the Charminar. The trend of elders requesting people to pray at their nearest mosques is likely to continue till normalcy is restored in Old City, police said. Senior police officials said they expected some trouble on December 7, a day after the 20anniversary of Babri Masjid demolition, and attributed the thwarting of major violence to the masjid committees and neighbourhood elders along with the security arrangement.According to some residents, mosque committee members went about talking to youngsters and urging them not to pray at Mecca Masjid. \"There have been a couple of occasions when people from mosques in the area have requested them to pray elsewhere,preferably at mosques near their residence or place of work,\" S Q Masood, a resident of Kalapather said. \"It is natural that parents and concerned elders wouldn't want their children to have police cases opened against them,\" a resident of Yakutpura said. A few residents welcomed the move saying it was only a handful, who indulge in sloganeering and stone-pelting . \"This is a good move which will help the youth stay out of trouble,\" said Mohammed Saleem, a resident of Sultan Shahi. There were others who said mosque committees might have been pressurised by the police to discourage people from praying at the Mecca Masjid.\"It is encouraged in the scriptures to congregate in large numbers at the nodal mosque. In this case it is the Mecca Masjid. The police have been deliberately putting pressure on mosques committees so as to not have a large congregation at the Mecca Masjid. The mosque is being vilified for no reason,\" a MIM leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17541609", "title": "Progress of work at railway station, periphery inspected", "text": "ALLAHABAD: General manager of North Central Railway Alok Johri inspected Allahabad railway junction and Naini junction on Saturday to assess preparations made for the forthcoming Mahakumbh. He was accompanied by top officials of North Central Railway zone and the Allahabad division.He reached Allahabad railway junction at about 9 am and inspected platform numbers 1 to 10 and examined various parts of the junction including crew lobby, jan aahar kendra and the various foot over bridges that connect the platforms.He examined various passenger enclosures being constructed to accommodate pilgrims thronging the Mahakumbh. He inquired about various facilities in the enclosures. In addition to this, he also inspected various facilities for passengers including provisions of drinking water, ticket distribution system and the electronic train information boards installed at various points.The general manager instructed officers to make arrangements for completion of all the work before kumbh so that passengers faced no problem. The newly constructed roads connecting the Civil Lines side of the Allahabad railway junction and the Hathi Nala were also inspected by Johri, who sought details from officers and instructed them to complete the work on time.Later, the general manager went to the Naini junction and inspected the work there. He inspected the ongoing constructed foot over bridge and the passenger enclosures at the junction. He also inspected PRS counters, UTS counters, drinking water arrangements, ticket distribution system and washable apron work at the junction. He instructed the officials to pay attention to the cleanliness aspect during the Kumbh.Finally, general manager reached Sangam area and inspected the ongoing work related to the railway. He also examined work related to the passenger ticket distribution system. He also inspected arrangements being made for lodging of the railway employees who would perform their duties at Sangam.Divisional railway manager of Allahabad division of NCR Harendra Rao and various officials were also present during the inspection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538885", "title": "It's not on, says IFCI, seizes Uptron's 6 acre land in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Beleaguered state-owned behemoth Uptron plunged into further crisis on Saturday when the Industrial Finance Corporation of India (IFCI) took in its possession the company's land in Gomtinagar for not repaying a loan of over Rs 140 crore.On August 2, the IFCI had slapped a demand notice on Uptron, seeking the repayment of Rs 140,48,74,218 within a stipulated time of 60 days from the date of the issue of the notice. The outstanding on the company was calculated on July 31, 2012. When Uptron failed to comply with the notice, the financial institution toughened its stand on Saturday and seized its nearly 6 acres of land in Jugauli in Gomtinagar under section 13(4) of the Securitization Act 2002.The IFCI in its seizure notice said that Uptron defaulted on the payment of over Rs 140 crore with further interest on contractual rates till payment. The institution also cautioned the state-owned electronics company and the general public against dealing with the property. \"Any such dealing will be subjected to the charge of IFCI for over Rs 140 crore,\" the notice, which was pasted on Uptron building in Gomtinagar, said.Principal secretary, IT and electronics, Jivesh Nandan, said that the company had been under the scrutiny of the BIFR for years. \"The company is a non-functional entity and has most of the properties already seized by financial institutions,\" Nandan said, while speaking to TOI on Saturday. Government sources said that the company took \"unsecured loans\" from the financial institutions, as a result the state government was not under any kind of liability to pay back. \"The company is already dying a slow death. It is, in fact, just a matter of time, when the company will get wound up for good,\" a senior government official said.Set up in 1979, Uptron was a leading player in early 80s and its television sets were popular all over the country. But, unprofessional management turned it into a loss-making entity within a span of 10 years. Eventually, in 1994, the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) declared it a 'sick unit'. There were several attempts from the state government to revive the company, but of no avail and liabilities only piled up.According to a rough estimate, Uptron has yet to settle dues that have mounted to nearly Rs 1,000 crore over a period of time. In 2010, banks offered for one-time settlement of around Rs 50 crore.However, the state government did not take a concrete decision in this regard. This put the fate of over 400 employees in the doldrums. Even though most of the employees have been sent on deputation to different departments, there are still nearly 60 employees who are yet to be placed. These employees have been demanding their transfer to other government departments, so that they could get salaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17539295", "title": "Saddled with debts, marital problems, stockbroker kills self", "text": "GURGAON: A stockbroker committed suicide in his rented house at Sushant Lok under the jurisdiction of the Sector 56 police station on Friday night. The body was found hanging from the ceiling fan of his room on Saturday morning.A suicide note in the victim's own handwriting has been recovered from the spot. In the note the victim said no one was to be blamed for his death and he took the extreme step because of a financial crisis and marital discord.The victim, identified as Pradeep Julka (30), hailed from Paschim Vihar in Delhi and lived as a tenant in house No. 29, H block in Sushant Lok Phase I. Pradeep was married to Upasana from South Extension, Delhi.\"Julka had serious financial problems. He had lost a large sum of money in the share market and owed money running into lakhs to several people. This had also created a rift between him and his wife. For the last several months, his wife was staying with her parents. Recently, she had filed for a divorce. As a result, the victim was understandably depressed,\" said a senior police officer.Julka was found hanging from the ceiling fan in his study room around 9am on Saturday, when his colleague Ravi reached his home. He immediately informed police and Julka was rushed to a nearby private hospital where he was declared brought dead.Police have taken the victim's suicide note, a laptop and a mobile phone in their custody for investigation.\"In his suicide note, he had mentioned that he himself was responsible for his death, and that he had lost a large sum of money in share market. We will send the note for handwriting examination in FSL, Madhuban,\" ACP Rajeev Yadav of the Sadar police told TOI.Initial investigation has revealed that Julka was depressed after losing so much money. He was alone in his home. Yadav said the police have considered it a suicide case. \"But, our teams are investigating from all angles,\" Yadav added.As the news of Julka's death spread, his wife Upasana and other family members reached the spot. They also confirmed that Julka was saddled with financial crisis and depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "17540346", "title": "Rape accused involved in cabbie killing", "text": "THRISSUR: One of those suspected to be part of the gang that killed a Chelakkara taxi driver was wanted in connection with a rape-murder case committed two years ago, police said on Saturday.Police had on Friday night arrested one of the gangsters, Unmesh (27), from his house at Karapatta in Palakkad. The driver, Raghu, was murdered on Thursday, and his body was found in Kuzhalmannam the next morning.Three others, Wadakkenchery residents Prasad, Mohammed Ali alias Mulla and Abu Tahir, have been absconding, police said, adding that Prasad was wanted for raping and murdering a woman in Pathanamthitta two years ago. A court there had denied him bail.Investigators said the gang, after murdering Raghu, took his vehicle-a Chevrolet Tavera-to Coimbatore in a bid to sell it. However, they abandoned the vehicle at Ganapathy Street there after failing to find a buyer. Police have recovered the vehicle.Police said the accused had taken a bus back to Palakkad from Coimbatiore. Unmesh and Prasad headed to their respective houses while Mulla and Abu Tahir left for some other place, which the police did not reveal. Though the police managed to catch up with Unmesh, Prasad gave them the slip.Investigators said the trio must have fled after coming to know that Raghu's body had been found in the river.Circle inspector of Town South police B Santhosh said Mulla hired Raghu's vehicle from Chelakkara taxi stand for an Ooty trip on Friday night. Raghu was told that three others would join them en route. Police said Prasad, Tahir and Unmesh were waiting in a Maruti Alto car for Mulla and Raghu at an isolated rubber estate between Elanad Junction and Karapatta.Once the trio boarded the taxi, another person, whose identity was not revealed, drove away the Alto, which is yet to be found, police said.As the taxi reached Ponganampadam, the men asked Raghu to stop the vehicle at an isolated place. They reportedly told the driver that they had cancelled the trip but wanted to consume liquor.Even as the men drank, Raghu informed his father Muthu around 11.45 pm over the phone that he would be returning home. He also told his father that his passengers were suspicious characters.Raghu was about to get back into the driving seat when the gang pounced on him. As three of them held him, Mulla allegedly stabbed the man on his neck, cutting a vein, police said. The accused persons ignored his pleas and repeatedly stabbed him, and crushed his head with a stone, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538589", "title": "Odisha plans satellite township for Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: How about a modern integrated township with zero government investment and no land acquisition! The state government is planning to develop the proposed satellite township called South City on a 1200-acre land in the south-west corridor of the state capital under such a town planning scheme.As per the plan, all land-owners who own 30 square metre or more land will contribute 40 per cent of their land for common use. They will retain the remaining 60 per cent with them. The state government would use part of the 40 per cent land to create common amenities such as roads, drains, parks and sports infrastructure. It will monetize part of the land by offering it to private parties for commercial exploitation such as opening a multiplex or starting a hospital. Once this happens, cost of the land retained by the owners will appreciate much beyond their 40 per cent contribution.\"The provision for such partnership exists in the Odisha Development Authorities Act 1982. It is for the first time that we are planning to use it. It is like a self-financing project. Government will only play the role of a facilitator,\" housing and urban development secretary Injeti Srinivas told TOI.Srinivas explained that by contributing 40 per cent land, the land owners will reap huge benefits. Price of land in the area will significantly appreciate once there is infrastructure development. The worth of the 60 per cent land would be much more than the total price now, he said. Srinivas said such schemes in Ahmedabad and Vadodara have resulted in benefiting the land owners while ensuring planned urban growth.\"We will consult the Ahmedabad Development Authority, which has already executed such projects successfully,\" Srinivas said and added the government would try to replicate more such partnership models.The government has proposed to create the township on 1208.39 acre using land from seven villages. Jagasara will contribute most part of the land with 579.56 acre land. Madanpur (204.42 acre), Kaimatia (73.21 acre) Paikarapur (317.98 acre), Kaimatiapatana (3.04 acre), Bidyadharpur (7.01 acre) and Jagasarapatna (23.17 acre) are the other villages in the plan. The governmenmt already has 94 acre land in the project area.The government is planning the vertical city with at least a tertiary care hospital, a school of international standard, shopping mall and multiplex and housing for all categories of customers. It would have underground cabling and utility corridors.A private consultancy has already completed topographical survey while Tata Consulting Engineers has made the master plan of development. The government was initially planning to acquire private land which was stayed by the Orissa high court in September, 2011.Experts feel such partnership model will reduce legal complications of land acquisition and foster inclusive growth. \"In the ongoing practices those losing land to public utilities get thrown out of the developed area while those not losing any land get substantial benefits because cost of their properties multiplies by many times. The new model will benefit all,\" said director, town planning, P K Patnaik.Realtors are also optimistic about the government move, but with a word of caution. \"Theoretically, it sounds good. The success will depend on how well the government is able to execute it,\" said Pradipta Kumar Biswasray, president of Real Estate Developers' Association of Odisha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17544315", "title": "BJP in Chhattisgarh won elections with money from Naxalites: Digvijaya", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress general secretary Digvijaya Singh has alleged that Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh won the last two assembly elections by using money received from Naxalites.Singh told reporters here on Saturday evening that he was saying this as the BJP wins by large margins in areas where Naxalites wield influence in Chhattisgarh.He alleged that there has heavy corruption in the Bundelkhand package and also claimed that there was full interference from RSS in BJP government.He said that he will soon reveal the names of those builders from whom the BJP collects donations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17539004", "title": "MT-CET 20'13 to be held on May 16", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Technology - Common Entrance Test (MT-CET), which is now the combined entrance exam for admissions to engineering and pharmacy degree courses in the state, will be held on May 16.A notification to this effect has been issued by the state director of technical education (DTE) S K Mahajan. The DTE will also post details, related to the impending test, on its official website: www.dte.org.in over the next few days, the notification stated.Till this year, the Maharashtra Health and Technology - Common Entrance Test (MHT-CET) was the combined entrance exam for admissions to engineering, pharmacy as well as the health sciences courses in the state.However, the MHT-CET had to be scrapped owing to the state government's decision to join the single nationwide entrance exam, called the National eligibility cum entrance test (NEET), for medical and dental admissions from year 2013-14 onwards. The NEET 2013 will be conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education on May 5, 2013.In Maharashtra, the NEET will also be the basis for admission to other health science courses such as ayurveda , homeopathy , unani, physiotheraphy, occupational theraphy, nursing etc. The director of medical education and research (DMER) was the competent authority for the MHT-CET ever since it was introduced in the state.However, with the MT-CET now replacing the MHT-CET, the director of technical education will be the competent authority for the entrance exam for engineering and pharmacy courses in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "shirva (udupi district)", "code": "17540439", "title": "Shattered kin in dark over cause of Jacintha's death", "text": "SHIRVA (UDUPI DISTRICT): The family of Jacintha Saldanha, 46, a nurse at London's King Edward VII Hospital, is shattered and clueless as to what led to her death. Her sisters-in-law Irene, Mary, Severine and Janet are inconsolable, as is her 82-year-old mother-in-law Carmine Barboza.Irene, the eldest sister-in-law, who was more composed than the others, said she received a call from her brother Benedict, Jacintha's husband, at 8pm on Friday. \"He said, 'She (Jacintha) has left us all',\" Irene told STOI. He was not allowed to see the body till Friday evening. Police indicated it was suicide. \"Neither Ben nor I know anything about what happened; we're all in the dark. I feel sad for my brother and wonder how he's coping with the tragedy, since there's no one to support him.\"\"All he said was, 'Don't tell mother' as he was apprehensive of how she would react to the news. He also requested us not to inform her mother as she is a heart patient,\" said Irene.Jacintha's brother Naveen Saldanha, a resident of Valencia, Mangalore, refused to comment: \"We're not in a position to talk to you,\" he told STOI.Jacinta and Benedict were married on May 17, 1993. \"I don't know when they got married, but he said next year would be the 20th anniversary,\" said Carmine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543313", "title": "Aguilera likes to be free", "text": "Singer Christina Aguilera says that she chose to appear nude on the cover of her seventh studio album because she likes to be free.\"I like to be free. Sometimes, the less clothing, the better! I'm just comfortable in my skin and my body. Had I had this beautiful sweater...I would have worn that on the cover of Lotus ,\" said the 31-year-old on the \"The Ellen DeGeneres \" show.It is also said that Aguilera recently had butt implants as she wanted to show off her booty at the recent American Music Awards , reports contactmusic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17539754", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAyurvedic medicines should pass muster\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "BHOPAL: To gain acceptance in the markets like the US, ayurvedic medicine needs to be rethought, said American product marketing experts, explaining secrets of marketing ayurveda. To pass regulations in the US, ayurvedic medicines need to rebranded with respect to claims and conditions.\"If sold in the US, ayurveda products would have to claim that it supports and maintains health not treat ailments, said US-based marketing company executive on the second day of the world ayurveda congress and arogya expo here on Saturday. You cannot claim a product for curing cancer, diabetes or heart disease in the US unless you are registered as a drug,\" said Engredea, executive director, Len Monheit. \"Registering as a drug is highly expensive for most companies. It is impractical to register each drug individually for small Indian companies,\" he added.\"For instance, we suggest if a company changes its claim of treatment of heart disease to support heart 'health', it is acceptable. The point is to put a positive perspective and market the same product in the US,\" said new hope natural media standards director, Steven Taormina.According to estimates, Ayurveda sales globally accounts for about 6% to 7% of the international market. Traditional Chinese and Tibetan remedies dominate the market with about 60% market share.Both explained the difference in regulatory and marketing between Indian and American marketplace. They claimed that they have worked with Indian companies for almost a decade.\"Our expertise is in education and product placement,\" said Taormina. And yes, the interest the expo generated impressed him.As for the Indian market, targeting youth should really increase the percentage share of the Rs 10,000 crore ayurveda industry in India. \"The pharmaceutical approach is not ideal. Targeting people from 25-40 year olds with a younger approach of energy, healthy lifestyle and yoga mentality is what the ayurveda industry needs to tap into to create a niche for itself in the US market,\" said Monheit.\"There are quality concerns with traditional Chinese products and India needs to exploit its scientific expertise to push ayurveda,\" said Taormina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539774", "title": "India must wake up to alien nation", "text": "It was with a deep sense of anguish that actor and director Aamir Bashir delved into the 1990s when he left his hometown in Kashmir to pursue higher studies in Delhi. He could never go back as the state changed phenomenally in the subsequent years. \"I had a strong feeling of being an outsider every time I returned as I hadn't been there to share their experience,\" said Bash-ir, stating he was an alien in his hometown as well as in Mumbai, which identified him as a Kashmiri. His poignant remarks kickstarted a pa-ssionate discussion entit-led 'Alien in my own Land', re-volving around marginali-zed sections of Indian society.\"I am a direct beneficiary of India's liberalization, but cannot be delusional. I am part of 200 million of 1.2 billion,\" said author Sudeep Chakravarti. He traced the arc of marginalization thr-o-u-ghout the country, be it conflict-ridden Kashmir, the red corridor affected by Naxalism, Gujarat with its history of communal riots or the seven sisters of the Northeast that often fall off the map.Filmmaker-actor Na-ndita Das, whose film Firaaq was born in the aftermath of Gujarat riots, said there was a shocking amount of prejudice on scr-a-tching the surfa-ce. \"We know so little about our country or the aliens in our country,\" she said, speaking of Iron Sharmila, a civil rights activist who has been on a hunger strike since 2000 to demand repeal of the Ar-med Forces (Special Powers) Act. \"If she was in Mumbai or Delhi, we would have never let this happen,\" she said.Author Justine Hardy, who has worked extensively in Kashmir, moderated the discussion. She said while we may put collective labels on al-ienation, the idea was in-di-vidual: \"It is total isolation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540859", "title": "Buddhist sites in Andhra Pradesh ignored in pilgrimage tourism plan", "text": "HYDERABAD: Buddhism may have had its heyday in the past in Andhra Pradesh but not anymore as none of the 150 Buddhist sites of the region figure in the Union tourism ministry's list of \"spiritual pilgrimage sites\".The Union tourism ministry had appointed a consultant to identify the Buddhist locations, which included places like Bodh Gaya in Bihar, Sarnath, Kushinagar and Piparvah in Uttar Pradesh among many other tourist destinations. But strangely none from Andhra Pradesh was included in the list released by minister of state for tourism K Chiranjeevi. The sites in the state, which are considered most important in South India, do not even figure in the extended pilgrimage list released by the ministry. \"Many sites in the state have spiritual value for Buddhists. Around 18 monastic establishments (a unit comprising stupas and monasteries) are said to contain the corporeal relics of Buddha and hence are highly venerated by adherents of the faith. Viharas (monasteries ) also exist at many sites but are in a dilapidated condition and need immediate restoration and conservation for restoring their spiritual value,\" said B Subrayamanyam , an expert on Buddhism.An archeological expert requesting anonymity said lack of tourism facilities at state's Buddhist sites could have worked against its inclusion. \"At Bodhgaya and Sarnath, tourism is highly developed . But Buddhist sites in the state do not even have signage leave alone facilities for tourist accommodation. Many locations are unknown. In addition to being in a state of neglect, they are not even promoted by the government,\" he said. Though the central tourism ministry reportedly worked for identification of sites with all the states, given the paltry allocation of funds and lack of exposure, it comes as no surprise that Buddhist sites in AP are not being considered for pilgrimage. Experts add that though the state government is working on the ambitious Nagarjunasagar Buddhavanam project where efforts are being made to depict the life of Buddha through sculptures, the sanction of funds for repairs and regular maintenance of the sites is only marginal.The constitution of the circuits is expected to bring about development in the selected locations particularly improved rail and road connectivity besides development of tourist amenities that will further cater to tourism prospects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17539857", "title": "Development should be inclusive, says UR Ananthamurthy", "text": "BANGALORE: Jnanpith awardee writer UR Ananthamurthy derided the modern concept of development, which he said is wrongly measured only in terms of roads and flyovers.Squarely blaming present-day politicians for this lopsided definition of development, the veteran social thinker said, \"Our so-called leaders are conveniently turning a blind eye to the real engines of growth and development. They build huge flyovers and swanky airports, just to impress foreigners when they visit our cities. It's wrong and ridiculous. What is development without education for all? What is development that ignores our villages?\"Speaking at the Bangalore Literature Festival on Saturday, Ananthamurthy laid stress on inclusive development. \"Development should pave the way for the progress of all. Villages should not be ignored at the cost of cities. Parameters like education should not be sidelined at the instance of physical infrastructure,\" he said.The acclaimed writer insisted that Mahatma Gandhi's 'Sarvodaya' model of development is the need of the hour. \"Sarvodaya brings peace of mind. Today, we're all chasing happiness and in the process, losing peace of mind,\" he observed.The second day of BLF witnessed some of the most creative Kannada minds dwelling on 'Creativity in writing'. Ananthamurthy hailed the creative richness of Indian languages, including Kannada. \"By drawing from the strength of regional languages and varied local experiences, an Indian writer in English could indeed produce better literature than those from the English land,\" he said.Narrating how a series of murders that were common in his village in North Karnataka, and the sight of bodies floating in the Ghataprabha river left an imprint on his mind and prompted him to write his much-acclaimed poem 'Helateeni Kela', Jnanpith laureate Chandrashekhar Kambar said creativity lies in correlating the local with the universal.Poet KS Nissar Ahmed, whose 'Nityotsava' has been hailed as the unofficial state anthem, stressed the need to open the mind to external happenings, while responding to internal feelings. A synthesis between dreams and reality and emotions and knowledge should be achieved to become a good writer, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17539651", "title": "Teenager ends life over poor academic record", "text": "INDORE: Annoyed by her parents' constant scolding over her poor academic performance in the annual exam, a 13-year-old girl reportedly ended her life by hanging herself inside her room at 9 pm here on Friday evening. The tragic incident occurred in Khajarana.Asmina, daughter of Yaqub Ali was resident of Baba Fareed Nagar, Khajarana.Khajarana police station in-charge DS Baghel said that the girl committed suicide by hanging herself in her room at around 9 pm. However, the police received information only from the hospital when the girl was brought there by the family.\"The girl was poor in studies and had got a supplementary in her class 10 examination last year. She was a student in the school being run by her father,\" said DS Baghel.Her parents scolded her as she had watched television the entire day. They also mentioned her poor record in study. After few hours, the girl ended her life. On noticing her hanging they first rushed her to a local hospital and then to MY Hospital where the doctors declared her brought dead.The girl was the step daughter of Yaqub Ali, said Baghel. However, there was a cordial environment inside the family.Police will interrogate the family members later as they are not in condition to talk. The body was sent to MY Hospital for the autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17541341", "title": "Of literati and the craft of writing", "text": "There were two stars on Day 2 of the Bangalore Literature festival . One was, beyond doubt, poet-lyricist Gulzar who, before being whisked off after his morning session to a collective sigh of disappointment , charmed every soul present at the venue with his poetry \u00e2\u20ac\u201d read aloud in his familiar warm, raspy tone \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and sharp but gentle wit.The other was sports journalist Boria Majumdar, who was responsible for moderating one of those sessions that enliven lucky litfests \u00e2\u20ac\u201d sessions during which members of the audience frantically text their friends saying 'come fast, this session just got interesting' .During his session 'Playing the write game' , Majumdar managed to make almost everyone in the audience - and certainly all his co-panelists - shift a little uncomfortably in their seats at some point or other. At one point, he asked sports writer Vedam Jaishankar, Rahul Dravid's official biographer, why Indian sports biographies don't include details of \"womanizing\" ways, at another he turned to Ashwini Nachappa and asked her in the best fulminating studio anchor style if she did dope.If the other sessions couldn't quite match the scintillating back-and-forthing of the one on cricket writing, they more than made up in solid content and animated discussions on politics, fiction and the craft of writing. Particularly interesting to the politically inclined was the pre-lunch session with Tavleen Singh, Mayawati's biographer Ajoy Bose, film writer Bhawana Somaaya and Vikram Sampath.The discussion touched upon the challenges biographers encounter while attempting to chronicle famous lives, with Ajoy Bose admitting that most of the time, their subjects don't reveal their \"innermost thoughts\" - they mostly dole out what can be called \"publicity material\" . Singh, who is reported to have remarkable access to the Gandhi family - to the extent that many people thought her book Durbar is a biography of Sonia Gandhi -- said during the discussion that \"the most dangerous thing that's happened to India is that political parties have become family firms. It's important that political parties be more democratic\" .One indisputable star of BLF is Sri Lankan Shehan Karunatilaka, whose book Chinaman won the 2012 Commonwealth Book Prize and this year's DSC Prize for South Asian literature. Karunatilaka took part in the cricket session, and was heard quipping: \"I've doped, but then I'm only a writer.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17545043", "title": "Srihari to star in Ram Charan's Zanjeer", "text": "Some say that actor Srihari has turned out to be a lucky charm for Ram Charan Tej thanks largely to his histrionics as Sher Khan in director Rajamouli's Magadheera. Well, at least the filmmakers of Zanjeer seem to think so. They seem to have created a special role for Sri Hari in the movie. Apparently, Srihari has been roped in to play a pivotal character in the Telugu version of the film. However, the details of the role have been kept under wraps.Priyanka Chopra is playing the female lead in the movie directed by Apoorva Lakhia. Sonu Sood, Mahi Gill and Prakash Raj are all part of the star cast. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music for the film. The cast and crew of the film had recently wrapped up a shooting schedule in Hyderabad. Ram Charan is now shooting for director VV Vinayak's flick, Nayak. They are shooting the climax scene at the moment. Ram Charan is expected to resume shooting for Zanjeer in January again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17540163", "title": "Bengali actor's pep talk for Steel City artists", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Hard work, discipline and consistency will pave way for recognition in the film industry, believes Bengali film actress Sudeshna Chakraborty. She said promising artists in the Steel City would have a good chance to make a mark in the entertainment industry provided they pursue their endeavour with passion.Upbeat over good response to her performance in the newly released movie \"Astra\", Sudeshna said her success in the film industry was the outcome of consistent pursuance of her dreams. \"I got attracted towards the field of art while I was too young and an avid television watcher,\" she said. The actor said popular TV serials, documentaries and short films influenced her and motivated her to take up acting as a profession.\"In my initial days in the industry, I received much support from my family members at home. Now, I receive the same support at my in-laws' home,\" said Sudeshna who has acted in \"Sangi\", \"Bazi\" and \"Manik\" among other popular Bengali movies, so far in her short career.The gifted actress, who holds a mass communication and MBA degree, said one needs to set a goal early in life and pursue it relentlessly to become successful in life. \"One needs to remain focused in life to reach the destination. Big achievements come after long and hard struggle,\" said Sudeshna in her message to the aspiring actors of the city.\"I am anxiously waiting for the release of my four upcoming (Bengali) films. I am confident that the coming movies will be hit,\" said Sudeshna who was here to take part in the film festival programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17540452", "title": "Where are 8,000 tonnes of River Princess?", "text": "PANAJI: An estimated 8,000 metric tonnes of the MV River Princess worth Rs 10 crore either continues to remain under sea or is missing.The recent findings of the National Institute of Oceanography (NIO) have now raised questions about the veracity of the surveyor's report submitted to the then government in 2011.TOI investigations reveal that on January 10, 2011, ship and marine surveyor Ericson &amp; Richards submitted its report to the government stating that the ship's weight was 19,361 metric tones and that 8,035 metric tonnes was lost due to factors like corrosion. It informed the government that the salvor could salvage 11,325 metric tonnes and sell it for its scrap value.In May 2012, Arihant Ship Breakers claimed it had completed the job of breaking the ship and had submitted to the government that it had salvaged 11,000 tonnes of the ship and sold it as scrap at the government's rate of 12.67 per kg. The sold scrap was valued at almost Rs 14 crore, which will be deducted from the final bill of Rs 120 crore to be borne by the state government as per the contract's clauses.Last month the findings of the independent survey conducted by the National Institute of Oceanography (NIO) were made public. The survey states, 'Integrated interpretation of geophysical data supported by visual observations clearly show the presence of large remnants of a grounded ship at water depths approximately between 3 and 10 metres located off Candolim beach, where River Princess is known to have been grounded. While the penetration of the wreck into seabed could not be ascertained, a large part of the metallic structure is found to be exposed to water, protruding several feet above the seabed.'If the Ericson &amp; Richards report stated that 11,325 metric tonnes could be salvaged and Arihant has salvaged 11,000 tonnes, the large quantum of the ship which remains underwater as per the NIO report was never recorded by the ship surveyor.Further, the Ericson &amp; Richards report that 8,000 tonnes of River Princess had been lost and was irretrievable comes prominently into question. Sources in the shipping industry say that 8,000 tonnes is too large a quantity to be lost. \"Pilferage and loss due to rust may have accounted for a small fraction of the 8,000-odd tonnes of the missing ship,\" a source said. The value of this \"missing\" 8,000 tonnes at the government's rate of 12.67 per kg has been estimated at Rs 10 crore.When brought to the notice of tourism director Nikhil Desai, he said the government had acted as per the report submitted by Ericson &amp; Richards. \"We may have to go in for a fresh survey,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539880", "title": "Churchgate-Borivli AC trains this summer?", "text": "MUMBAI: The first air-conditioned train in the city may run between Churchgate and Borivli as early as summer 2013.Western Railway may get the rake, being made at Chennai's Integral Coach Factory, by April-May 2013. Sources said since only one AC rake is being manufactured, it would not be possible to run more than 12 services - both on the fast and slow tracks - in a day. To begin with, the service will run between Churchgate-Borivli and Churchgate-Andheri.According to tentative plans, four services will be between Andheri and Churchgate and eight more will run between Churchgate and Borivli. The coaches will have longitudinal seating and carry about 400 commuters.A senior official said: \"We may withdraw one rake link from the existing time table to accommodate these AC services. The rake link will be planned to ensure that at least four services are run during the peak hours.\"Explaining the reason for not taking the services all the way up to Virar, the official said: \"We are not sure if there will be an enough takers for AC services between Virar and Dahisar. Moreover, initially the AC local will run a trial basis. It is practical to have services between Churchgate and Borivli to get a fair idea of the system, including scheduling and demand.\"The coach, whose manufacturing cost is estimated to be Rs 4 crore, will have longitudinal seating and would be able to accommodate 400 commuters, including standees. In effect, nearly 4,500 commuters will be able to board the 12-car rake.The official said: \"The design of the rake will be similar to the ones operating on Kolkata and Delhi metro. Though the fare structure has not been decided, it is assumed that it will be on a par with the Mumbai Metro fare structure devised by urban development ministry.\"ICF had manufactured and supplied coaches for the Kolkata metro when the service started in 1984. It has also bagged a fresh order in recent years for new rakes manufactured in collaboration with Bharat Heavy Electrical Limited ( BHEL ) and Knorre Bemse, Germany.It will have a vestibule design that will allow free movement of people from one coach to another even when the train is moving. A final decision on whether to have a coach reserved for women commuters is yet to be taken. However, it will not have any compartment reserved for vendors and first class.Railway authorities have decided to run the AC services on WR because the traction system works on 25000 V alternating current which is more suitable to run these types of rakes compared to only 1500V of power in the DC system.Estimated cost of each coach: Rs 4 crore Capacity per coach: 400, including standees Rake design: Fully AC with a vestibule type of arrangement; this allows movement of commuters from one coach to another No first-class or luggage compartments Proposed seating arrangement: Longitudinal Microprocessor controlled temperature and humidity control inside trains Low external and internal noise level Multilingual electronic LED sign boards both inside and outside the train Public address system LCD screens inside coaches Advanced braking and security features", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540835", "title": "'Good governance can prevent insurgency '", "text": "KOLKATA: \"Development costs money, fighting insurgency costs money, but good governance doesn't cost anything,\" Manipur governor Gurbachan Jagat, said in his conclusion of the second Sir Wauchope Memorial Lecture on \"good governance and conflict resolution\" on Saturday. But his words would have propelled those in the administration to think all over again about governance or lack of it.Jagat was appropriately chosen for the lecture named after the first commissioner of Kolkata Police, said event chief guest and Bengal governor M K Narayanan, who was senior to Jagat in the Indian Police Service (IPS).The Manipur governor and Padmabhushan recipient has served as DGP in J&K; and took a lead role in Operation Blue Star of Punjab. Speaking at the Body Guard Lines, the head of state in Manipur linked the insurgency with lack of development and the steep decline in the morale and performance level of the administration, including those of the police. \"Anarchy is prevailing and more and more people are taking law into their own hands,\" he said.\"Good governance is the basic right of the citizen. But the prevailing system is not conducive to good administration. Let's not talk of good governance after the conflict has started. Don't wait for the house to be set on fire and then act,\" said Jagat.Explaining that insurgency and separatist movements were but fallouts of lack of communication between the administration and the citizenry, the Manipur governor said, \"The common man doesn't interact with the top people in the administration - he talks to the local police, the block development officer, the primary school teacher etc. They have to be greased every time to make things move.\" He said,\"The best people to deal with conflicts like insurgency are the local police, who are armed with good intelligence as opposed to the security forces who come to affected states from outside.\"Jagat said, \"Militancy and insurgency have been an industry at the cost of the people. It's not too late. We should encourage talks.\" While communication with the people is a must, the talks should necessarily be extended to the insurgents, but \"if they demand sovereignty, they should be told in no uncertain terms that this was not to be considered under any circumstances\", he said.Jagat, who has been chairman, Union Public Service Commission, wondered how \"all these bright youths\", who take part in the UPSC examination, would go astray once they are inducted into the service. \"Is the system to be blamed?\" he asked.\"The situation all over the country is that most department officers don't want to go to rural areas and compete with each other to get a good posting. Good meaning lucrative. And this is how corruption becomes the breeding ground of conflict.\"This corruption would eventually encourage insurgency, said Jagat, adding, \"A lot of money going to the coffers of the underground elements comes from development funds. And there are growing evidences that funds are also coming from the neighbouring countries. After Independence, had we started with good governance, things wouldn't have happened. Good governance on one hand and development on the other would eventually help us fight insurgency more focus is needed on development and isolating insurgents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17540110", "title": "HC: 5 components decide jurisdiction of court", "text": "NAGPUR: Bombay High Court's Aurangabad bench ruled that serving notice from a particular place in cheque bounce cases shouldn't mean that the dispute would come under the jurisdiction of the court of that place. \"Only because the cheque was presented at the bank from Aurangabad by the complainant, the place for 'presentation of the cheque to the bank' and 'returning it unpaid by the drawee bank' cannot become Aurangabad,\" Justice TV Nalawade ruled, while allowing a petition by a Delhi based businessman against Videocon Industries Limited.Videocon pleaded that since the notice regarding bouncing of cheque was served from Aurangabad, the case should be put on trial under the court's jurisdiction in the same city. However, high court made it clear that place of transactions and other criteria point towards Delhi, hence Aurangabad court doesn't have the required jurisdiction.Madan Gupta had given a cheque of Rs5.09 lakh drawn from a Delhi based bank to Videocon's registered office in Aurangabad. However, it bounced, so notice was served to him from Aurangabad and he was directed to make the payment in the same city. This is because, in the agreement, i.e. the tax invoice, it had been clearly mentioned that all disputes would be come under Aurangabad court's jurisdiction. The respondent company filed a case under Section 138 of Negotiable Instruments Act, 1938 against the petitioner in Aurangabad. Gupta challenged this decision in Aurangabad JMFC stating that the cheque had been given to the company as security and it was misused by Videocon. The court rejected his application.Gupta then moved the HC contending that since all the transactions had taken place in Delhi, the case comes under the courts there.Citing an apex court verdict, Justice Nalawade laid down the test to determine where the jurisdiction will lie for such cases. Generally, the place of offence is used for determining the jurisdiction. \"The SC verdict laid down five components for a cheque bounce case to test the required jurisdiction,\" he observed. First is the place of drawing the cheque, second the place of presentation to the bank, third the place of returning of cheque unpaid by the drawee bank, fourth the place from where notice is served in writing to the drawer demanding payment, and the fifth is the place where the drawer had to make payment within 15 days of the notice being served.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17539777", "title": "BU postpones semester exams", "text": "BHOPAL: Indefinite strike by Madhya Pradesh university employees association (MPUEA) has started showing on the schedule of university. The Barkatullah University authorities has postponed the semester exams of various discipline scheduled to be organised from December 10.A spokesman of the university said that the new dates would be announced soon. However, the fifth semester exam of the LLB will be held as scheduled.As a deadlock over their demands continues, the MPUEA went on indefinite strike from December 3.The university employees association has demanded that the discrepancy between the pensioners and employees salary should be removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543014", "title": "Mollie King can't live without chocolates", "text": "Singer Mollie King constantly thinks about food and can't resist eating her favourite chocolate everyday.The 25-year-old is known for her hour-glass figure, but she admits that she thinks about food all the time.\"My life revolves around food. I'm always thinking about what I'm going to eat for breakfast, lunch and dinner,\" femalefirst.co.uk quoted King as saying.\"I like really healthy food, but I've got the sweetest tooth in the world. I have to eat a piece of chocolate every day. I have a big bar of Dairy Milk in the fridge and I break a bit off and dip it in a cup of tea,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17543143", "title": "The end of MS Dhoni's midas touch?", "text": "KOLKATA: Back-to-back Test defeats on home pitches have not just exposed India's shortcomings but have also brought under the scanner, the leadership and batting form of captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni whose much-touted 'midas touch' is nowhere to be seen so far against England.Dubbed 'Captain Cool' ever since India won the 2007 World Twenty20 Championships under him, Dhoni's stock has been falling over the past couple of years with poor away results in Tests.Add to this, the successive losses to England in the ongoing home series, which have severely exposed India's batting shortcomings after the retirement of rock-solid middle-order batsmen such as Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman.An on-the-wane Sachin Tendulkar is not helping matters and this lack of in-form experienced players is also exposing the leadership failings of Dhoni, whose open demand for rank turners can be seen as a sign of weakness against an opponent which quite simply seems better-prepared.The two defeats in Mumbai and Kolkata have left India with no choice but to win the fourth and final Test to save the series, which was ironically built up as revenge for the 0-4 humiliation that India suffered in England earlier this year.\"The easiest thing for me to say right now is 'I quit captaincy' and be a part of the side. But that's like running away from the responsibility,\" says Dhoni.\"Of course there are others who will decide. There is BCCI and the administrative people who also want to look into that (captaincy)\", Dhoni replied when asked whether India needs a change in captaincy.But his captaincy record of the past two years shows that the skipper needs to introspect.In the last two years, India's winning percentage in Tests stands at a poor 33.33.Of the 21 Tests played in this period, including the just-concluded Kolkata Test, India have won just seven, lost 10 and drawn four -- an abysmal stat given that this team was placed at the top of the ICC rankings not too long ago.Majority of these wins, five, have come on home turf and given the current stat of affairs, this record too would be affected.Away from home under Dhoni, India have lost eight of the 13 matches they have played, managing just two wins in the last couple of years.His batting average in the ongoing series is a poor 18.40 with a highest of 52.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17538887", "title": "My mother proudly calls me sher beta: Varsha Tomar", "text": "GURGAON: After clinching the gold medal at the Asian Shooting Championship held in Patiala on December 7, shooter Varsha Tomar now has a bigger target: A place in the Indian shooting team for the world championship and the Olympics, and win gold medals for the nation at those world events.At the Asian Shooting Championship, Tomar participated in the trap team event for women, along with her teammates Shagun Chaudhary, and Seema Tomar. After starting her career as professional shooter in November 2004, Varsha Tomar, a resident of Rajiv Nagar in Gurgaon, hit the bull's eye by winning the gold medal at the 14th all India G V Mavlankar Shooting Championship held in New Delhi. Since then, the shooter, who works in the Indian Army, has gone on to win gold, silver and bronze medals at different national and international shooting championships.Tomar participates in trap and double trap shooting events. \"Shooting is a focus game. My advice to young people, especially girls, is to take up shooting along with their studies. I started taking part in shooting events while in college. I got the job in the Indian Army through sports quota eight years back,\" said Tomar while speaking to TOI.About what motivates her, Tomar said, \"My mother has been my staunch supporter. I am happy to be able to make her proud. I am really proud when my mother calls me 'sher beta',\" said Tomar. This is one of the reasons why she wants to win a gold medal at the Olympics.In her career as a shooter, spanning eight years, Tomar has travelled to Italy, Slovenia, China, Australia, South Africa, Kazakhstan, England, Germany, Egypt, Belarus, Thailand and other countries. This itself is an achievement for a girl who grew up in small-town India. \"My father is a farmer and my mother is housewife. However, they never stopped me from pursuing my dream, to be a shooter and take part at national and international events. They both were very proud when I got the job in the Indian Army,\" Tomar said.Thirty-year-old Tomar, with the fire to excel in the sport, has participated in 34 national and international shooting events, and has won 8 gold, 5 silver and 15 bronze medals. Apart from the team gold at the Asian Shooting Championship, Tomar has also won a team silver medal at the Maharaja Yadvendra Memorial Indian open championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17539719", "title": "Man arrested for attacking a school teacher", "text": "INDORE: A 61-year-old woman teacher was allegedly attacked by a drunkard in Simrol area here on Saturday afternoon. The accused was later arrested.Simrol police in-charge, Ajit Kumar Patel said that the victim Manorama Sadaful is a teacher in a local primary school in Pathan Pipliya. She had sent a girl to fetch some water for drinking from her home which lies in its vicinity.The girl was returning to the school with a jug of water when a drunkard Pyarelal Singh intercepted and took the jug from her.He threw the jug on the teacher, who sustained minor injuries. She was rushed to local hospital, said Patel.The accused has been booked under section 353 of IPC.Simrol police in-charge, Ajit Kumar Patel said that the victim Manorama Sadaful is a teacher in a local primary school in Pathan Pipliya", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540144", "title": "Ind vs Eng: Team India falls face down", "text": "KOLKATA: One single session \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the second one on Day 4 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all but sealed India's fate in the third Test against England at Eden Gardens on Saturday.A gutsy unbeaten 83 by No. 8 Ravichandran Ashwin saved India the embarrassment of an innings defeat inside four days, but it's still not going to be enough after India finished the penultimate day on 239/9 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d just 32 runs ahead of England with a full day to play. The writing is clearly on the wall, with India staring at another heavy defeat and set to trail 1-2 in the series.Morning didn't show the day, though, as India made a strong start by accounting for England's last four wickets in 4.3 overs to bowl them out for 523. Then, Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir got the innings off to a great start as India raced to 86 without loss in 21 overs at lunch.The scenario changed dramatically in the second session with India losing six wickets for just 59 runs in 30 overs. The floodgates, in fact, opened with the very first ball after lunch.Graeme Swann , who had been forced to play second fiddle to Monty Panesar since the Mumbai Test, got into the act at Eden on Saturday. The offspinner castled Sehwag through the gate to break the threatening first-wicket stand.Gautam Gambhir, who was involved in the messy run out of Sehwag in the first innings, was part of another run out, this time that of Cheteshwar Pujara. Responding to Gambhir's call for a quick single after the left-hander pushed one towards mid-wicket , the young Saurashtra batsman failed to beat Ian Bell's direct throw.Pujara's run out disturbed Gambhir's concentration. After surviving a confident appeal for a catch at slip off Swann, the opener perished in the very next over as he flashed at one from Steven Finn well outside off stump only to get a thick edge which was smartly taken by wicketkeeper Matt Prior flying to his left.Sachin Tendulkar, playing what most felt was his last Test innings at the Eden, lasted just six balls. Playing forward to one from Swann that straightened , Tendulkar got the edge which flew to Jonathan Trott at first slip. The alarm bells had started ringing.James Anderson , India's wrecker-in-chief in the first innings, replaced Finn and got some reverse swing. Virat Kohli and Yuvraj Singh hung on in the middle for a while before the left-hander became Anderson's first victim. Yuvraj's off stump was uprooted by one that kept a bit low and kissed the bottom of his bat.The pacer was on target in his next over as well, when skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni prodded at one outside the off stump to give his opposite number Alastair Cook an easy offering at first slip.From 86/0 at lunch, India has nosedived to 145/6 at tea, with all their leading batsmen back in the pavilion. None at the ground thought that India would survive the day, but Ashwin had other ideas and has delayed the inevitable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17541597", "title": "Spotlight on public role in eco-activism", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A two-day international seminar on 'global environmental politics', organised by department of Political Science of Allahabad University, was inaugurated at the department, on Saturday.In his inaugural address, Mark Lindley, visiting professor from Bogazici University of Istanbul who is also visiting professor from University of Kerala, Trivandrum, described briefly some thoughts on reading Stephen Marglin's 'The Dismal Science: How Thinking Like An Economist Undermines Community'. Lindley opined that Marglin's thoughts led him to believe that in India and the US, educated people who are worried about environmental degradation should strive to build up well-informed public pressure making governments undertake seriously curb it and even more important, since people are indeed more powerful than governments, convincing citizens to curb it themselves and obey strong laws in its regard.This well-informed activism will be a necessary though insufficient means of addressing 21st-century problems due to ecological degradation, and, preserving environmental resources will be a necessary but insufficient means of reducing the effects of the degradation wrought by us.In his key note address, Harihar Bhattacharyya of the department of Political Science University of Burdwan West Bengal spoke on 'How shall we live: the entangled politics in the post-environment age'. According to Bhattacharyya, environment has taken centre-stage the world over challenging our received ideas, perceptions and knowledge about how we live, how we should live; perceive ourselves, how we persist, if at all, preserve, if anything left, for the present and posterity. After illustrating different views on environment, Bhattacharyya asserted it cannot be claimed with certainty that we, the modern, are all equally alert about the environmental consequences of what we eat, consume, think we possess, wear, and also about how we should define our living in this post-environmental age. He remarked that we must rethink our categories in our respective disciplines in terms of their environmental implications, while we must stress more on a green public policy in matters of health, education, security, income, development and so on, realising that our renewed concerns are indispensably entangled with a politics which is over-bearing.In the presidential address, Justice Sunil Ambwani of the Allahabad High Court said environmental justice was still in a nascent stage as there was no law in the sphere of environmental issues. For getting justice in the courts, first we have to merge environmental issues with the human right. But even after that, there are many hiccups like ignorance of the legal authorities on environmental issues, over-dependence on the reports, and absence of specific environment-friendly laws. Justice Ambwani opined that we should take proper initiatives to protect our environment at both, global and local level.Krishna Gupta head of the department welcomed all guests, paper presenters and participants of the seminar and hoped for innovative discussions and suggestion and some fruitful outcome of the seminar towards the way of environmental justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17538610", "title": "Two poachers arrested in Chilika", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Wildlife officials arrested two poachers from Chilika and seized 16 dead birds from them on Saturday. The accused were identified as Prakash Dalia and Sarbeswar Nayak of Bhusandapur.The duo was nabbed with the dead birds near Subhadrapur inside the lake within Tangi wildlife range, said divisional forest officer (Chilika wildlife division) B P Acharya. They had nine large whistling teals, five shovellers and two pintails with them. \"These birds had been trapped and killed,\" said forest ranger of Tangi wildlife range S C Behera.This is the third incident of bird poaching inside the lake since migratory birds started arriving at the brackish water lagoon in the second week of October. Two poachers had been arrested on November 11 and 27 respectively inside the lake. Eleven dead birds were seized from them, Behera said.Poachers target migratory birds at the Chilika as their meat is much in demand in Balugaon, Khallikote, Berhampur and Bhubaneswar. Keeping this in mind, wildlife officials have taken a number of anti-poaching measures. \"We have set up 19 camps and deployed over 50 staff to keep an eye on the lake,\" the DFO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538732", "title": "Liquor traders for licence instead of lottery system", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Liquor Association (LLA) on Saturday demanded amendments in the liquor policy for the year 2012 - 2013 reintroducing licensing of liquor shops instead of lottery allotment. Desperate to break the monopoly on the liquor market, the association decided to do whatever it takes to ensure that retail traders get their place back in the state's liquor industry.Presently, the excise policy provides for allotment of liquor outlets on lottery basis. It was through this procedure of allotment that slain liquor baron Ponty Chadha managed to pocket licence for almost 80 per cent of the liquor outlets in the state. Ponty entered the liquor industry in Uttar Pradesh soon after Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) came to power in the state in 2007.\"There are over 16,000 liquor stores in the state and they provide employment to over 4 lakh persons, a majority of whom are the sole bread earners of the family,\" said S P Singh, president of the association, adding: \"It is, therefore, important the new excise policy caters to the interest of the retail traders in the business rather than stand with liquor barons and giants of the trade.\"Neeraj Jaiswal, vice president of the Association, said the government had increased the licence fees by 15 per cent in one go but the commission had not been raised leading to a direct impact on the market retail price (MRP) of the liquor bottles. The commission retailer's are entitled to is reducing. \"The government must ensure a reduction in MRP in to achieve higher revenue,\" said Jaiswal.Addressing the gathering, Suresh Yadav the other vice president of the association said the government should issue licences for the model liquor shops for a period of five years at one go. \"The investment in model liquor store is high and it remains impossible for those in the business to get back the value of their investment in a year's time,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539089", "title": "India vs England: We've been cleaned up, it's time for a clean-up", "text": "Just when disheartened fans of Indian cricket think things can't possibly get any worse, they promptly do. Few teams would have got away without wholesale purges after losing 8 Tests out of 8 played in England and Australia. But apart from Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman , who graciously quit, all the other players remained unscathed, including captain M S Dhoni and coach Duncan Fletcher .The main reason they survived was that India had a long stretch of 10 Tests coming up at home. This was supposed to be when a bruised and battered Team India would regain some pride and pay the visitors back in the same coin. Having been subjected to green tops and bouncy tracks abroad \u00e2\u20ac\u201d incidentally, how come the opposing batsmen had no problems thriving against us in ostensibly bowler-friendly conditions? \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it was now going to be the Indian team's turn to torture the visitors with spin.Except, of course, things haven't panned out that way. India was thrashed in Mumbai, and only managed to avoid the humiliation of an innings defeat in Kolkata, thanks to an unbeaten 83 by R Ashwin , a player who is in the team for his bowling \u00e2\u20ac\u201d though he's bowled an average of 112 balls for each wicket he's taken in the series so far.It's no use complaining about Indian curators not providing helpful pitches either, because on current form, this English team - man to man - is superior to ours. Their spinners look far better equipped to exploit turning tracks; their pacers are extracting significantly more dangerous reverse swing. The English are beating us in our backyard; worse still, they are almost toying with us while doing so.But the chances are that we'll see almost the same team taking the field for the fourth Test as well. Why? Because, apparently, these are the best players that we have. Maybe that's true. But if our best players are incapable of giving us anything better than one heartbreaking defeat after another, then perhaps it's time for a radical overhaul while blooding youngsters hungry to prove their worth.Complacency seems to have crept into the ranks of Team India. Most players have come to be perceived as undroppable, regardless of form or results. It may do no harm to give them a wakeup call by sending them back to domestic cricket for a while. If nothing else, it would bring a jolt of much-needed accountability to Indian cricket.In this context, TOI would like to suggest an alternative XI for the final Test at Nagpur. These young men are not miracle workers and may not engineer a dramatic turnaround. But if we're going to be beaten anyway, then let's at least be beaten giving young blood a chance, rather than persevering with the same old tired, defeated faces.This Indian team fields terribly, bowls pathetically and capitulates cravenly while batting. After compiling a dismal 0-8 overseas record, and trailing 1-2 in a series in which we are supposed to enjoy the home advantage, how can it hurt to experiment? After all, as Bob Dylan said, when you got nothing, you got nothing to lose.TIMES VIEW: GIVE THIS TEAM A SHOTDrastic times need drastic steps. The disintegration of Indian cricket makes it necessary to send a strong signal to underperformers. Here's a brave new TeamVIRENDER SEHWAG: The gamechanger stays for now. But on noticeAJINKYA RAHANE: This talented Mumbai opener must be bloodedCHETESHWAR PUJARA: Remains the man for the crucial No. 3 spotMANOJ TIWARY: The Bengal batter is in great form and deserves moreVIRAT KOHLI (C): New boss. Captaincy may make him more responsibleR JADEJA/ A RAYUDU/ ROHIT SHARMA: Jadeja has hit 2 triple tons in Ranji this season. Rayudu has shown great promise on India A tours and Sharma is back to his scoring ways in domestic cricketWRIDDHIMAN SAHA: India's best gloveman is in great nick with the bat tooR ASHWIN: Stays due to lack of options &amp; value with the batUMESH YADAV: India's No. 1 paceman, home and awayASHOK DINDA: Consistent performer in domestic cricket. Deserves a breakPRAGYAN OJHA: Won India the Ahmedabad Test. Has done enough to retain his spotBREATHING DOWN THE NECKJiwanjot Singh (22): This Punjab opener has smashed three tons, including a double, in his debut Ranji seasonHarmeet Singh (20): Mumbai left-arm spinner's U-19 World Cup showing made Ian Chappell say he is ready for the big stageUnmukt Chand (19): Star of India's U-19 World Cup win. Has shown hunger in the longer formatParwinder Awana (26): Tireless Delhi seamer looks a solid long-distance bet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17540561", "title": "FDI vote won, UPA government now faces opposition hurdle on banking bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The afterglow of winning the vote on FDI in multi-brand retail has raised hopes about the passage of reform-oriented legislation but Opposition groups have already signalled their reservations over two banking and FDI-related bills pending in the Lok Sabha.The enforcement of security interest and recovery of debt laws amendment bill ran into some spirited opposition on Friday with BJP, BJD and Left members demanding that the proposed law be sent to the finance standing committee.The opposition is also gearing to object to the more important banking laws amendment bill that aims to lift a 10% voting rights cap in private sector banks and allow the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to grant additional banking licences to private sector players.Indications are that opposition groups are unhappy with some of the amendments to the banking bill that are felt to have gone far beyond the recommendations of the finance standing committee that looked at the proposed law.On the debt and securitization bill, opposition MPs argued that the bill, pending for more than a year, needs to be vetted, although Congress MP P C Chacko \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who was in the chair \u00e2\u20ac\u201d said the proposed legislation had been placed before the Lok Sabha in keeping with the Speaker's directions.The FDI debate has failed to improve government-opposition relations and Congress managers need to be wary of the ruling alliance's thin numbers in the event of a sudden demand for a division when a particular bill being taken up for passing.During the FDI debate, Congress leaders like T Subbirami Reddy had pitched for more reforms to quicken economic growth. \"Fears that FDI in retail will wipe out small kirana shops, take away jobs or hit farmers were unfounded. Big stores across 53 cities could in no way eliminate neighbourhood grocers who are more accessible to the aam aadmi,\" he said.Arguments that multi-brand retail will help eliminate middlemen, ensuring high returns to farmers has, however, left the Opposition unconvinced even though a part of its objections might well be rooted in the political calculation of cornering the Congress.In any case, the government may now need to carefully negotiate bills that it intends to bring to Parliament to ensure that they enjoy a consensus. This will mean more negotiations with the main Opposition BJP and other groups like Left and regional outfits as well. It is not clear how cooperative BJP will be.The lack of communication between BJP leader and finance standing committee chair Yashwant Sinha and finance minister P Chidambaram is not helping matters either.Sinha has been a sharp critic of Chidambaram and the government needs to be on speaking terms with the BJP leader if bills on insurance and pensions are to be passed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17539900", "title": "Traffic chaos overwhelms a short-staffed Madurai police", "text": "MADURAI: At a time when most arterial roads of the ever-expanding temple city are clogged due to traffic congestion, the short-staffed traffic police are bearing the brunt of the increasing chaos.The present strength of traffic police personnel for Madurai city was fixed way back in 1986 and was not revised till now. \"The population of the city and number of vehicles has been increasing at a rapid pace everyday resulting in more traffic jams. It is the inadequate strength of traffic police personnel that has led to traffic chaos in many places,'' said a senior traffic police officer.The total number of traffic police personnel in the city is around 280 of which 80 would not be working on the road, controlling traffic. They are utilised for purposes such as driving, office work while some would be on leave. With a strength of 220 police personnel on an average in a day, it is tough to manage traffic in the entire city, he said.The number of vehicles in the city is increasing day by day. There are three RTOs in the city. It is estimated that 8,000 new vehicles are registered every month. There are at least 10,000 auto rickshaws in the city limits. Moreover, the increasing number of share autos is a cause for concern, said another traffic police officer.\"Most share auto drivers do not posses a license nor do they have permits for carrying passengers. We cannot conduct regular inspections to prevent such violations, due to which the number of violators has increased,\" said the officer.The visit of thousands of Ayyappa devotees to the temple city has increased traffic chaos. At present, the situation is managed with the help of 60 women police personnel and 60 armed reserve police. There is a need of another 300 traffic police personnel in order to streamline the traffic situation in the city, he said.When contacted, M Panneerselvam, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), Madurai, said \"The present traffic police strength is certainly not enough for the expanding city. I am studying the required police strength for the city. The problem will be over in three months as more police personnel will be provided for the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17539193", "title": "We're hopeful of", "text": "BANGALORE: The law graduate from Harvard uses social networking sites to fight his cause - a safe Tibet. In an interview with STOI, Tibet Prime Minister Lobsang Sangay says there will be no compromise on democracy and non-violence to achieve Tibet's goals. Excerpts: What is the Tibetan government-in-exile doing to highlight the increasing number of self- immolation cases in Tibet?We have declared 2013 as 'Solidarity-with-Tibet year'. Starting December 10, which is commemorated as Human Rights Day, we will organize events, rallies, conferences, and discussions in different cities across the world, such as New York, Geneva and New Delhi, which have strong UN presence. We have also launched a website, solidaritywithtibet.org, which consists of a six-minute video on atrocities committed by China in Tibet, and links to social networking sites to create awareness on the cause.The present border conflict between India and China regarding MacMahon Line was drafted between British India and Independent Tibet in 1914. Do you think the Tibet and border issues have some common ground?These issues are very much connected. The treaty was negotiated between British Indian representative, the then Tibetan PM and a Chinese representative. China didn't sign the final draft as it had border issues with Tibet. But the Tibetan government-in-exile's stand is that McMahon Line should be acknowledged as it was a treaty signed by Tibet.What is the current state of negotiations between Dharamsala and Beijing?Our envoys met their Chinese counterparts nine times between 2003 and 2009, and presented the memorandum of genuine autonomy within the framework of Chinese constitutions. But since then, there has been no contact from the Chinese side.Are you comfortable with the regime change in China following the conclusion of 18th Party Congress?We will have to wait till March 2013, when there will be a change of guard for top Chinese political positions. We feel that with the induction of new people there ought to be a new perspective on the Tibet issue, given the tragedy in Tibet and failure of the Communist party's hardline policies in the region.What are your expectations from Xi Jinping whose father was considered a liberal Communist leader?Xi Zhongxun, Xi Jinping's father, was close to the Panchen Lama and knew the present Dalai Lama , and was very liberal in his political approach. Whether the son will be like his father is yet to be seen.Do you think the middle path approach for Tibet is still relevant today?The middle path - which is asking for genuine autonomy within the framework of Chinese constitution - is the official policy of our administration based on the resolution passed by Tibetan Parliament-in-exile. Democracy and non-violence are two basic and uncompromising principals we believe in to achieve our goals. The concept of freedom is becoming a global trend and we believe China will come around at some point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17540318", "title": "Move to fast-track Koderma-Hazaribag railway project", "text": "HAZARIBAG: District authorities have stepped on gas to complete the Koderma-Hazaribag track, which has been delayed due to protests by villagers against land acquisition.DC Manish Ranjan on Friday directed the circle officer in Padma to make public announcements and ask villagers to hand over land without delay as tenders have been settled and work in the Padma stretch will start from January 15. Protests have been reported from Paharpur, Nachnway and Kurugarah villages under Padma block.Ranjan said as per demand by villagers of Katautia in Katkumsandi Anchal, the railways has cleared construction of an overbridge and provided funds for drinking water wells ryots in Nawada Anchal. He directed the Hazaribag land acquisition officer to meet railway authorities and hand over funds for construction of the wells.The DC expressed his displeasure for not expediting payments to villagers. He also directed the railways to repair the road in the village that was damaged while laying railway tracks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17539697", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcVimal Kumar is still VC\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Vimal Kumar, whose appointment as the vice-chancellor of BR Ambedkar Bihar University (BRABU) has been quashed by the Patna High Court, is awaiting an order from the Chancellor of universities of Bihar, Devanand Konwar, regarding his removal or continuance on his post.He told TOI on Saturday that it is upto the Chancellor to make an alternative arrangement in the university in case of his removal. \"The Chancellor can do anything as it is in his jurisdiction to take a decision over the university,\" he said. When asked if he was going to the Supreme Court to challenge the verdict of Patna high court, he made it clear that this was not an individual case. A group of 10 persons including 6 VCs and 4 pro-VCs of Bihar is involved in it. All of them have to take a united decision and that too after the receipt of an order from the Chancellor, Kumar said.Giving a similar reaction, registrar of the university, AP Mishra, said as long as the Chancellor does not remove Vimal Kumar from his post, Kumar will continue to be the VC of BRABU. He brushed aside any uncertainty in the university on account of the high court decision. Meanwhile, sources in legal profession said chances of the restoration of Vimal Kumar as VC is very bleak as, even if he goes to the apex court, two instances of the court disallowing the continuance of VCs previously under similar conditions might come in the way of his restoration.On Saturday, working in all the offices of the university was going on as usual. Nobody was ready to say anything over the issue and, generally, a sense of curiosity was prevailing there regarding an alternative arrangement. Majority of the employees were expecting another VC in the next 3 to 4 days, but a few others hoped Kumar to return with the permission of the Chancellor soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mandya/ mysore", "code": "17540529", "title": "Bandh total in Mandya district", "text": "MANDYA/ MYSORE: The dawn-to-dusk Mandya bandh on Saturday called by the Mandya Zilla Raiya Hitarakshana Samiti to protest against the release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu was complete across the district. Heavy police security ensured it was free of any untoward incidents.However, pro-Kannada activists pulled down the poster of a Tamil film in Mysore which triggered tension for some time. Cops intervened to defuse the tension. After that incident, Tamil film shows were cancelled, the police stated.Commercial activities were shut down in Mandya following the bandh. Commercial establishments, restaurants, film theatres and petrol pumps were closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17539340", "title": "Modi is hijacking Centre's schemes, says Scindia", "text": "VADODARA: Union power minister Jyotiraditya Scindia said on Saturday that BJP in Gujarat knows how to weave 'mayajaal' (web of illusion) on people and spread likes. Scindia said chief minister Narendra Modi-led government is literally hijacking the Centre's development schemes by putting BJP's lotus symbol on them. Scindia also said he personally wished that Rahul Gandhi should be candidate for prime minister in 2014 Lok Sabha elections.Scindia said, \"The state government has weaved a mayajaal in Gujarat, but people have now realized the truth. I have been campaigning in the state for last five days and I have observed that people are eager for change. What BJP projects is far from reality.\"\"When about 57 areas in the state are still living in darkness, the government here is selling electricity to other states for earning profits. Farmers are committing suicide, but government is selling land for SEZs. About 46 per cent of children in Gujarat are malnourished and infant mortality rate too is high,\" Scindia said during media interaction.\"Gujarat's 'asmita' is not related to only one person. Rather the asmita is more about quality of women, farmers, labourers and commoners' life,\" he added.The minister said that Centre is planning to increase the power production capacity in a major way in the next Five-Year Plan. \"In last Five-Year Plan, we have added 55,000 megawatts, taking the total power production from 1.55 lakh to 2.10 megawatt. We want to add 88,000 MW in the next five-year and we would make efforts to arrange for more fuel,\" Scindia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17540374", "title": "A wedding dress to win hearts", "text": "LUDHIANA: The wedding season is ripe, resplendent brides and well turned out grooms flashing brilliant smiles all around, the brides rustling in bright, rich silks and sheer georgettes as light as feathersIf that sounds too far fetched, take a look around. What else would you expect from this city? \"Lehenga- cholis\" fan out gracefully from wasp waists while grooms stand majestic in Jodhpuri or Afghani suits. On the Big Day, the focus is on something more than style, that little extra something which will engrave the bride and groom in collective memory.The \"lehenga\" falls gently in crimson velvet, indigo georgette or lilac brocade, sparkling with rich embroidery. Who can have enough of that? No wonder the \"lehenga-choli\" has been around for ages. \"In the bridal wedding dress, the traditional \"lehenga choli\" is always in vogue. Popular colours include red, maroon, peacock and lilac while the favoured fabrics are brocade, silk, velvet, georgette etc. Heavy embroidery is preferred for weddings,\" Harman Suneet Arora, a designer of Dugri Phase One, said.Such style comes for a price, but the look on the young groom's face at the sight of his striking bride is priceless. \"The 'lehenga-cholis' are priced between Rs 45,000 to Rs 3 lakh, depending on the embroidery, fabric and design. Brides generally prefer the traditional 'lehenga' or the fish cut. Blouses may be corsets or half choli,\" Harman said.Mansi Khanna has the flush of spring on her face. The soon-to-be-bride plans to fire her groom's heart with a lustrous gown and a deep red lehenga. \"I will wear a red 'lehenga-choli' with gold embroidery on my wedding day and a gown draped dress for the mehendi,\" she smiles.Tradition looks pristine if untouched, more so at the marriage altar. But on associated ceremonies, women like to show their spirit, either in blazing orange or blue or a gentle gold and off white. Gowns with capes in these colours are worn on ring ceremonies and the like. Gia Mangla, a fashion designer of Pakhowal road, said, \"Though the wedding dress for brides continues to be traditional 'lehenga-choli', the brides do wear draped gowns, straight gowns with a cape on the ring ceremony. Colours preferred include bright orange, pink and blue or subtle peacock, gold, off white and skin. Price is between Rs 35,000 to Rs1.5 lakh\".For the grooms, cut and length matter. Rahul Bunty, owner of a wedding showroom in Civil Lines, said, \"Among the grooms' wedding dresses, the trend is Jodhpuri or Afghani suits and indo-western. Jodhpuri suit has a long coat, a dhoti and \"mojri\" or shoes with light embroidery. The Afghani suit has a longer coat, a \"shalwar\" and \"mojri.\" More embroidery and sparkles are used. The price of the Jodhpuri suit ranges between Rs14,000 and 42,500 depending on the embroidery and fabric while the price of the Afghani suit varies from Rs 5,500 to Rs 22,500. However, it can go higher depending on the fabric and embroidery. The fabric used in Jodhpuri and Afghani suit is silk, brocade and matka silk. Swaroski crystals are used in embroidery of Afghani suits. Popular colours are light gold, copper, beige and olive green\".The Indo western suit has a coat which falls above the knees, inlaid with stones. The fabric used include silk and brocade. Popular colours are copper, turquoise, maroon, mauve, gold, wine and rust, Bhajandeep Singh, manager of a popular wedding showroom on Mall road said. This suit can be bought for Rs 12,000 to Rs, 28,000.Nitin Thukral, who got married on Saturday evening, said, \"I got Jodhpuri dress with golden embroidered coat for my wedding. It was awesome\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540546", "title": "Pakistani singer makes it a memorable night", "text": "HYDERABAD: He came, he sang , he conquered. That's what possibly best describes Shafqat Amanat Ali Khan's maiden appearance in the city on Saturday night . Travelling all the way from Pakistan , the humble musician , gave this year's edition of the Times Hyderabad Festival the most befitting end in absolute 'filmy' style. A man of few words , Khan let this voice do the talking instead , as he melodiously rendered one popular track after another before an unprecedentedly mammoth crowd that had gathered at the historic Quli Qutub Shahi Tombs to witness the closing show of the week-long cultural fiesta.Amidst a loud round of cheering the ace singer walked on to stage only to instantly win over the audience with his composure , beaming smile and no-frills-attached attitude . His music that soon followedleftthelisteners mesmerized.Be it the soulful notes of Phir Le Ay a Di lfrom Khan's latest Bollywood outing B a r f i or the heart-wrenching lyrics of MorraSaiyyan, the ace artist delivered each song with such a humility and emotion that the audience could not help but fall in love with their mehmaan at first sight , well literally . Their fondness for the star singer grew further when he invited somefrom among the gathering to join him on stage to croon Aankhon Ke Saagar-- the track that compelled the world to wake up and take note of the Pakistani classical singer and his abilities.What followed was a flurry of divine music . It started with Tere Bina and seamlessly flowed on to Yeh Hosla (movie : Dor) and Kyu Mein Jagoon(movie : Patiala House). And just when the audience thought they had seen the best of Khan , he took off on a romantic journey with tracks like Tu Mila (Raaz 3), Tu Hi Mera (Jannat 2) and Tum Mile (Tum Mile) that was simply magical . A chilly winter evening in Hyderabad never seemed prettier and more melodious like it did on Saturday when Khan, out of nowhere, started to hum portions of the legendary song Ye a Nayan Dare Dare that till today is considered one among musical maestro Hemant Kumar's timeless creations.\"The sincerity with which Khan sang the track was highly commendable. He is a musician who sings right from the heart and has the ability to move listeners to tears with his voice . That we could hear him live in our city , is such an honour ,\" said Tuhina Roy who has been religiously attending all events through the week. \"Among them , the closing concert has been the best,\" the Begumpet resident candidly added.As the event reached its last few minutes, it was time to pep up the mood with Dildara, Tere Naina (My Name is Khan) and Damadam MastKalandar. The bestwasof coursewassavedfor the end . And it came with the 2006 hit Mitwa, which saw the audience let go of all inhibitions and vigorously dance to its catchy beats.By the time the curtains camedown ,onething wasclearly established : His name is Shafqat Amanat Ali Khan , a musician par excellence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540806", "title": "Four held for 20 lakh worth \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcmissing\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 diamonds", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police have taken four persons into custody for a missing courier consignment, which surprisingly contained diamonds worth over Rs 20 lakh. Police sources said that one Haleemuddin , a diamond merchant from Delhi , frequently sends diamonds to one Prem Ratan of Kundan Crafts of Hyderabad. He does some craft work on the diamonds and sends the consignment back to Delhi.\"A diamond parcel went missing a month ago. Green Dart Courier employee Srinivas Reddy lodged a complaint after it came to his notice. During investigation, some employees of Prem Ratan were quizzed,'' the sources said.Police said as per rules couriering diamonds itself was a crime. Deputy commissioner of police (North Zone) Ch Srikanth said that the case was still under investigation and they were working on a few clues.An employee of the courier company , suspected to be involved in the missing consignment, delivered the parcel to conspirators. \"When the consignment was booked, the diamond merchant did not inform the courier firm about valuables in the parcel,'' police said.In another case, a trader from Old City who makes gold ornaments reportedly approached the Mahankali police station on Saturday stating that two of his employees had gone absconding with diamonds and gold jewellery worth several lakhs.Suman Gosh, who resides near City College in the Old City, approached the police saying that two of his employees- Vasan and Eknath- went missing with the valuable articles. Suman had given them 19 gold chains, including diamond studded chains, and few diamonds directing them to deliver them in various gold shops in Secunderabad.\"Suman deals in making gold ornaments and sells them to various gold merchants in the city. The two employees of Suman delivered Rs 8 lakh worth ornaments in some shops. But later on they fled with the remaining valuables ,\" sources said. Mahankali police are yet to register a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhagalpur", "code": "17539690", "title": "Police crack bank cash loot case", "text": "BHAGALPUR: The district police have cracked the sensational incident of cash loot from the UCO Bank vehicle during transit. The cash was being carried from Bhagalpur (Tilka Manjhi) cash vault office of the bank to Gulni-Kushaha branch at Shambhuganj block in Banka district on October 31.The police have arrested three persons including the driver of the vehicle that was used for carrying the cash from the cash vault to the bank's branch at Shambhuganj.Hi-tech methods used in police investigation including surveillance of over 60 suspected mobile numbers and 1,000 call details resulted in not only the arrest of the criminals involved in the loot but also in solving the case.According to police sources, a group of armed criminals blocked the vehicle carrying cash near Champanala bridge on the busy NH-80 under Nathnagar police station.The criminals, numbering nine, were on four motorcycles while some others were tracking the vehicle from the point of origin, said sources. The criminals overpowered the bank staff including the driver and snatched the key of the rear luggage space, looted the cash and escaped, said police sources.The sensational incident not only created panic among the officials of the banks, but also among the common people. Taking it as a challenge, SSP K S Anupam formed a task force and started monitoring the police investigation personally.The SSP asked the police team to track the mobile towers of the suspects since the early hours of the day of incident and at the time of incident and afterwards which helped the police in arresting criminals involved in the cash loot from bank vehicle.The arrested criminals include Doodhnath Mahato, Jitendra Kumar and driver Pankaj Yadav. Police are looking for Dharmendra Mahato, Jitendra Mandal, Bishwanath Mahato, Niranjan, Barka Chandan, Chotka Chandan and Krishna Mahato. Majority of the criminals are from Belthu village under Sahkund block, Bhagalpur.Bhagalpur SSP K S Anupam said the task force seized newly-bought motorcycles worth nearly Rs 2 lakh from the arrested persons, adding the accused have confessed to their involvement in the crime and narrated the incident. Police would arrest the remaining accused involved in the crime soon, the SSP said and added the balance of the looted cash is likely to be recovered after the arrest of other conspirators of the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17539786", "title": "Govt to revise pension of defence personnel", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Stressing that the Union government is committed to the welfare of defence personnel and ex-servicemen, defence minister AK Antony said the pension of ex-servicemen would be revised with a total commitment of Rs 2,300 crore. He was addressing the Army Mela at Pangode military camp on Saturday.\"With a view to ensuring better living, the Union government has decided to revise their pension. An order in this regard will be issued by the government in January,\" he said. Antony said that over the past four years, the Centre had contributed Rs 4,500 crore for the pension of ex-servicemen. \"In 2009, the government had revised their pension and contributed Rs 2,200 crore,\" said the minister.The minister praised the army for its service and integrity. \"The country witnessed several grave situations after independence. The force safeguarded the unity of the country,\" he said, adding that the onus is on the government to look after its defence personnel and their family.The minister admitted that defence personnel find life difficult post retirement. \"Retired personnel face an entirely different situation. He/she leaves the job at the age 35, 38 or 40 when their children are seeking higher education. So a job is necessary and the government is trying to formulate a solution that will ensure employment for such personnel,\" Antony said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540948", "title": "Code of silence in honour killing", "text": "KOLKATA: Walking down the busy Abdul Khalil Road on Saturday, you wouldn't know that only a day ago, the headless body of a young woman lay bleeding here, cut down by her brother for \"dishonouring the family\". Everything seemed normal. No one remembered seeing the murder. There was even a degree of sympathy - if not approval - for the honour killing that shocked the country.Even the killer, 29-year-old Mehtab Alam, described by everyone as a pious, hardworking person, behaved normally. He showed no remorse in the police lock-up all night and waved at relatives and the crowds who had gathered for a glimpse of him at Alipore court on Saturday. After beheading sister Nilofar with one stroke of his sword on Friday morning, he had walked with the head in one hand and the weapon in the other to surrender at Nadial police station, leaving a trail of blood on Abdul Khalil Road.In fact, police officers were quite surprised to see him very relaxed in custody. \"Somehow, he has started believing that he sacrificed his sister for the bigger purpose of saving his family from dishonour. So, he is the last man to believe that he has committed a medieval, barbaric act,\" said an investigating officer. Mehtab had used a sacrificial sword for the killing.In his para, Mehtab seemed to enjoy tacit sympathy from his family, friends and neighbours. \"He followed the model code where a married woman cannot have an affair unless she gets a divorce. This perhaps got into Mehtab's head. So when he came to know that his married sister was living with another man, his blood boiled,\" explained Mehtab's uncle Samsuddin Mollah.Nilofar, a mother of two who was married for eight years, had run away from her in-laws alleging torture. Two days later, she vanished from her paternal home, too, and Mehtab found out that she was living with a former lover, Firoz. Mehtab stormed into Firoz's home, dragged Nilofar out on the street and cut off her head, saying \"she had sinned and had to be punished\".Mehtab's family members emphasised that he was very protective of his family and loved his siblings. \"Being the eldest son, he brought up his sisters and brothers. Although he had to quit studies midway, he used to take his siblings to school and bring them back. If any of them was sick and could not eat, Mehtab wouldn't eat as well. He is a quiet, soft-spoken man but would go to any extent to save his family's honour,\" said Abdul Rashid, Mehtab's next-door neighbour.Mehtab, who runs two textile workshops, single-handedly resurrected his family's fortunes. If they are well-to-do today, it's because of the school dropout-turned-businessman, says his family. His relatives and friends are pulling all stops to give Mehtab the best possible legal support. He is in judicial custody till December 21.\"Nilofar ran away from her in-laws on the pretext of ill-treatment by her brother-in-law. But it was a false allegation. When Mehtab confronted her in-laws, they not only denied all the accusations but also gave instances of her unsteady mind. She spread the lie just to flee with her paramour. Mehtab came back humiliated but promised them that he would meet them with his sister for a final attempt at resolving the issue,\" said Sk Salauddin, Mehtab's friend.Nilofar fled her home just before the meeting. Her father Md Salauddin lodged a missing person's diary and Mehtab even went to Digha to look for her. He was frustrated at not finding her. He suspected all along that she had run away with Firoz, with whom she had an affair before her marriage. Mehtab couldn't stand the earlier relationship, too, and had allegedly beaten Firoz so badly that he was hospitalized, say sources.On December 7, he came to know that Nilofar was staying in Firoz's house in Ayubnagar. He immediately came home, took out a sword, tucked it inside his jacket, and headed for the house. \"It was a horrific scene. He looked completely insane and kept shouting that he had beheaded his sister and no one should come close to him as he was going to surrender before the police. No one dared approach him. We feel traumatised by the incident,\" Md Arshad, an Ayubnagar resident who saw one of the most gruesome murders ever in the city.There is an apparent attempt to erase the macabre murder from the collective memory of Nadial. Even people living on the road pleaded ignorance on Saturday. \"We do not know anything,\" said Syed Hasmi, a laundry owner, a few steps away from where Nilofar was beheaded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17538130", "title": "Mumbai let Punjab escape", "text": "MUMBAI: Mandeep Singh, the only top-order batsman in the Punjab side yet to contribute heavily to the team's run-glut so far this season, joined the party on Saturday. The 20-year-old scored an unbeaten 102 to help his team reach a healthy 288-4 at stumps, on the first day of their Ranji Trophy match against Mumbai, at the Wankhede Stadium here.Mumbai were patchy on the field. With the added misfortune of having to miss out on the services of the experienced Wasim Jaffer - who stayed away from the game because of a death in his family - the hosts could never quite get a grip of the proceedings which mostly went Punjab's way.Mandeep had just 89 runs to show in the Ranji so far and he made up for it, taking advantage of three chances that came his way by way of dropped catches, the last being just six runs short of his century. Finally, when his maiden first-class hundred came, he had batted for 224 minutes and 162 balls to steer his side to safety. Along with teammate Ravi Inder Singh, he constructed a 128-run partnership for the third wicket that will remain the backbone of Punjab's first innings score.The other Punjab scorers who have been in great touch so far this season - Jiwanjot Singh and Uday Kaul - lost their wickets before they could once again settle down. Jiwanjot survived back-to-back chances before finally being caught in the slips, and Kaul followed him in a similar fashion.Mumbai can only blame themselves for the sloppy effort displayed on the field by way of dropped catches. Things further looked depressing for the hosts in the way their best spinner, on paper, Ramesh Powar bowled. In nine overs, Powar gave away 44 runs without posing any great threat as Mumbai used as many as seven bowlers to see them through the day.Skipper Ajit Agarkar , coming back from an injury after missing three matches, started well on a track that stayed enterprising for the seamers, and eventually enjoyed two wickets. If not for their butter-fingered approach, the day could've been far better for Mumbai than what the scorecard tells.ScoreboardPunjab (1st innings): Jiwanjot Singh c Shah b Kulkarni 42, K Goel c Rahane b Agarkar 25, R Inder Singh c Tare b Agarkar 76, Mandeep Singh (batting) 102, U Kaul c Shah b Kulkarni 19;Extras (b-5, lb-7, w-2, nb-10) 24Total (4 wickets, 89.4 overs) 288Fall of wickets: 1-57, 2-109, 3-237, 4-288Bowling: A Agarkar 17-3-54-2, D Kulkarni 19.4-5-61-2, BS Sandhu 12-2-31-0, A Nayar 12-4-34-0, R Powar 9-0-41-0, A Chavan 16-5-51-0, K Pawar 4-1-4-0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "17542853", "title": "Bangladesh witnesses widespread violence as opposition enforces blockade", "text": "DHAKA: Violence broke out here on Sunday after main opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) and its rightwing allies enforced a nationwide eight-hour road blockade protesting scrapping of non-party caretaker government system for election oversight.Witnesses said several people were injured in sporadic incidents of violence as the activists torched and vandalized vehicles, clashed with police and exploded homemade bombs.Police said they were forced to chase \"unruly activists\" wielding batons and hurling tear gas canisters as protestors exploded crude bombs and vandalized vehicles.The elite anticrime Rapid Action Battalion were also called out to patrol streets.Police and witnesses said the activists ransacked at least 11 motor vehicles including buses and a vehicle carrying journalists of Samay Television at Jurain, one of four entry points to capital Dhaka.\"They (activists) began their programme with violence... in most cases they came out from narrow lanes or houses and launched sudden attacks on us with bombs, sticks and brickbats,\" a police official told PTI. The official was monitoring the situation at the police control room.Officials said around 12,000 additional forces have been called in to work with police and RAB while the Dhaka district administration constituted 19 mobile courts to take instant punitive measures against troublemakers.Police also picked up at least 10 pro-pickets from different spot for vandalism in the city streets and obstructing vehicle movement.BNP earlier urged people not to bring their vehicles on roads during the blockade and threatened the government of ruling Awami League of tougher steps if it created any obstacle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17540328", "title": "BIT Sindri students to get job priority in cos", "text": "SINDRI: Industries signing memorandums of understanding with the Jharkhand government will be asked to provide employment to students from BIT Sindri, the only government engineering college in the state, on priority basis. Making this announcement, Dhanbad ADM (law and order) BPL Das said a request to this effect from the deputy commissioner of Dhanbad would be sent to the state authorities soon.Addressing the final year students of BIT Sindri, Das along with other senior officials also warned the students of stern legal action if they failed in maintaining discipline on the campus. \"BIT Sindri has a glorious past and complaints of hooliganism and blocking of road brings bad name to this premier institute of eastern India,\" Das said and asked the students to study hard and bring laurels to the institute.Regarding students demand of change in placement cell of the institute, the ADM announced that G Kumar, the training and placement officer of the institute, has relinquished the post on health ground and U K Dey, the head of mining engineering department, has been given the charge. The institute director would constitute a team of final year students to coordinate him in consulting the prospective companies as well as organizing interviews. He also assured help from the district administration in arranging comfortable stay of the visiting company representatives.Earlier, district and police administration officials held long parleys with student representatives, institute administration and heads of the departments. Institute director S K Singh said changing the placement officer was under active consideration as Kumar was continuing on the post since long.On Wednesday, the final year students had blocked road to vent their anger over depleting placement figures and demanded removal of the placement officer and intervention of the district and state administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17540457", "title": "Seafarer's family demands second postmortem", "text": "MARGAO: With dreams in his eyes and hopes in his heart, Cenito Vaz from Aquem-Baixo, Navelim, had set for the high seas to work as a sailor in early November. Less than a month later, the body of the 19-year-old lad will be brought to Goa on Sunday, as his employers claimed that he committed suicide on the ship.Family members, however, do not believe the company's version and suspect foul play. They have demanded a second postmortem to ascertain the cause of death.Vaz was sailing as a saloon trainee on board Mumbai-based MV Sakura Glory Anglo Eastern Ship management company, family sources said.\"The company informed us that Cenito was found hanging in the provision space with a cloth around his neck. Ship staff members had to cut the cloth piece to free and lower him down. He did not respond to the first aid, it was informed,\" sources close to the Vaz family told STOI.The Vaz family suspects the case to be either murder or some fatal accident during work leading to Cenito's death.\"It is unlikely that Cenito could have chosen to end his life, as he seemed to be in a joyous mood while leaving home to work as a seaman last month. He joined the company on November 11, and the incident occurred on November 18. The company claims that the postmortem was conducted in Panama , and that the report is awaited,\" said Leslie Coutinho , Cenito's brother-in-law.Sources said Navelim MLA Avertano Furtado has promised to facilitate the second postmortem and give justice to the bereaved family.Secretary of the Goan Seamen Association, Michael Beny D'Costa, said the case goes to indicate the \"atrocities and mental harassment\" meted out to seafarers. He has strongly advocated the setting up of a separate cell for seafarers by the state government to redress their grievances. \"There are more than 20,000 Goan seafarers working on the seas. They are forced to bear all harassments in silence for fear of losing their jobs,\" D'Costa claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17544987", "title": "Dassault Aviation seeks clarity on role of HAL in supply of Rafale fighters to Air Force", "text": "NEW DELHI: After bagging the multi-billion dollar deal for supplying 126 Rafale fighter aircraft to the IAF, French firm Dassault Aviation has asked the defence ministry to define the role of Hindustan Aeronautics Limited in the project.If the contract is finalised, the first 18 aircraft would be supplied by Dassault directly to the Indian Air Force and the remaining 108 would be licence-produced at HAL facilities in Bangalore.The French Dassault has asked the ministry to define the role of the premier Indian aerospace company in the final delivery of the 108 aircraft to be produced in India, industry sources told here.As per the IAF tender issue for the project, the primary role for integration and supply of these aircraft would be of the HAL, which is successfully working on several important fighter aircraft projects such as the Su-30MKI project.The French company has told the ministry that if it is given the overall responsibility for the project, it should be given the freedom to decide on the proportion of work to be done by the HAL and private companies in the programme, they said.In that case, the firm would determine the role of the defence and security wing of a new Indian defence company in the project and a major share of work would be given to it, they said.Soon after Dassault was declared as the lowest bidder for the MMRCA (Medium Multi-Role Combat Aircraft) deal pipping EAD's Eurofighter, it signed an MoU with a Reliance Industries Limited company for working together in the security sector. It is currently negotiating the deal with the defence ministry and the IAF.For completing the Indian project, Dassault has also opened an Indian subsidiary company here. The company named Dassault Aircraft Services India Private Limited (DASIPL) was set up recently and it is 100 per cent owned by its French parent company, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17542707", "title": "UP's state fish Chitla is now critically endangered", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chitla - the state fish of Uttar Pradesh is now critically endangered. The fact comes from National Bureau of Fish Genetics Resources (NBFGR), Lucknow. Till a few month ago, the fish belonged to the endangered category.The list of endangered species in the world prepared by International Union for conservation of nature and natural resources also says that Chitla is endangered.Chief scientist at NBFGR, Dr AK Singh informed that earlier the general visibility of Chitla in it home was about 100 times (occasions) which has reduced to about two sites now. This suggests that their population has come down to 2-5% of what it was in the previous occasion. Taking a serious note of the matter, the NBFGR has formed a team of experts comprising Dr Uttam Kumar, Dr Sudhir Raizada and Dr JK Jena to hold elaborate researches in this regard and suggest ways for its conservation.Experts say that the population of Chitla has come down mainly because of encroachment of water bodies and pollution of rivers. This has restricted the area and opportunity needed for Chitla to reproduce. At the same time, the demand for the fish for eating purposes has gone up. It is believed that the fish is very tasty and extremely nutritious. Fishermen also find it easy to catch Chitla because it is heavier in comparison to other fishes of the same size. They reveal that a Chitla weighing about five kilos fetches at least Rs 1500 with ease.Deep waters of Gomti, Ganga, Yamuna, Ghaghara and Sharda rivers are the home of Chitla. Experts suggest that Chitla can be conserved if its professional breeding is promoted. Since it takes five years for the chitla fish to be ready to reproduce. So for that period, the government should ban the catching of Chitla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538536", "title": "President house turns people-friendly", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, Rashtrapati Bhavan will be accessible to the aam admi.In a significant move towards making Rashtrapati Bhavan people-friendly, it has been decided to make the ceremonial 'change of guard' of the President's Bodyguard open to the public every Saturday. Rashtrapati Bhavan will host 200 public visitors at its forecourt for watching the ceremony.The ceremony that entails a series of military traditions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from bugles and bands to the horse-riding President's Bodyguard (PBG) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will have a new look as the drill will be conducted in the backdrop of the majestic dome of the presidential house from the earlier North Block.\"We have decided to lift all restrictions with regard to the change of guard ceremony, and about 200 people will be able to enter the forecourt lawns of Rashtrapati Bhavan every Saturday. The changes have been made on the instructions of President Pranab Mukherjee, who is very particular about the fact that this place should be open and accessible to the common man,\" said Venu Rajamony, the President's press secretary. During winter, the ceremony will start at 10am every Saturday, he added.Change of guard is a military tradition whose origins are lost in antiquity. From time immemorial, guards and sentries at palaces, forts and defence establishments change periodically to enable a fresh body of troops to take charge. The ceremony was first opened to the public in 2007. Since assuming office, President Mukherjee has not only revamped the ceremony, but also relocated it to make more visually appealing and people-friendly.While the PBG is permanently based in the President's Estate, the Army Guard Battalion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d currently the 28th Battalion of the Madras Regiment \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is selected from among the elite infantry regiments of the Army and is turned over every three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17540202", "title": "Mining resumes at Panem as Marandi calls of stir", "text": "RANCHI: Mining and dispatch of coal in Panem resumed on Saturday as Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik.JVM-P withdrew its agitation after a meeting between the company management, locals and party president Babulal Marandi late on Friday.Panem, a joint venture between Punjab State Electricity Board (PSEB) and EMTA Group of Companies, meets 60% of the coal requirement for PSEB power plants with a total generation capacity of around 2,600MW. The protests had threatened to cripple power generation and supply in Punjab.Mining at the Pachuwara coal block in Pakur district was disrupted for 20 days due to the protests by JVM-P and villagers as the company had allegedly failed to fulfill the promises it made for welfare of displaced families, including construction of a school and a 50-bed hospital.JVM-P general secretary Pradeep Yadav said the agitation was withdrawn after the mining company assured them that a Plus II school and a hospital would be constructed within six months. \"We are pleased that the company has accepted the genuine demands of the displaced locals who have been waiting for school and hospital for last five years,\" said Yadav.Panem Public relation officer Sanjay Das confirmed that mining and supply of coal has resumed. \"Around 80 loaded trucks and one railway wagon of coal - which had been blocked by the protestors - have been dispatched on Saturday for the power plants in Punjab. Mining has also resumed and we are sure the three plants will not have to face any shortage of coal,\" said Das.Santhal Pargana divisional commissioner Avinash Kumar represented the state government and Panem chairman-cum-managing director Ujjwal Upadhyay attended the meeting on behalf of the mining company.Former deputy chief minister and Congress leader Stephen Marandi was also present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17539613", "title": "Salman Rushdie loses bungalow battle, but may gain Rs 100 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: Salman Rushdie is sure to have mixed feelings about it. The Supreme Court has snapped the controversial author's ancestral link to Delhi, ordering him to honour his father Anis Ahmed Rushdie's December 1970 agreement to sell his bungalow at 4, Flagstaff Road in Civil Lines to then Congress leader Bhiku Ram Jain.However, the master story-teller has got a hefty compensation, with the court asking Jain's heirs to pay the market value for the single-story bungalow that spreads over 5,373 square yards at a prime location: a conditionality which can fetch Rushdie approximately Rs 100 crore instead of the Rs 3.75 lakh his father had agreed to sell the property for in 1970.Although the court held that the agreement between Rushdie Sr and Jain to be sacrosanct, it factored in the lapse of time as well as the \"galloping property prices\" to order that the Jains ought to pay the current market price.The apex court held the Rushdies guilty of not honouring the agreement, and rejected their contention that the Jains, having delayed the payment of the entire agreed amount, had no claim on the property.The market price of bungalow is estimated to be anywhere between Rs 80 and Rs 100 crore, mainly because of its size and location. The order brings the curtain down over the protracted legal battle between Rushdie Sr and Jain, both of whom died during the course of the trial.Jain kept his part of agreement: SCSalman Rushdie's father Anis Ahmed Rushdie had inducted then Congress leader Bhiku Ram Jain as a tenant to half of his bungalow on the tree-lined Flag Staff Road close to the old Delhi Secretariat on December 20, 1970, for a princely monthly rent of Rs 300. Just days later, he signed an agreement on December 22, 1970, to sell the property to Jain for Rs 3.75 lakh.As per the agreement, Jain paid Rs 50,000 up front to Rushdie, while committing to pay the rest after the owner got tax clearance certificates from income tax authorities. The Rushdies had left India for good in 1963, and were located in London when the agreement was signed. The matter did not move beyond the payment of earnest money and exchange of letters about the payment of the remainder. The correspondence stopped after November 1972. Jain filed a suit in 1977 requesting the trial court to direct Rushdie for the execution of the December 1970 agreement. On October 5, 1983, the court ruled in his favour, saying the Jains could have the property after they had paid Rs 3.25 lakh to Rushdie.Rushdie appealed before the Delhi HC which after 28 years ruled that the Jains could not ask for transfer of the bungalow to them. On October 31, 2011, the HC directed Rushdie to return Rs 50,000 to the Jains with 12% interest from December 22, 1970; in effect ruling that Rushdies remained the owner.Bhiku Ram Jain passed away in November, 2006, but his heir, determined not to let go of the bungalow, moved the SC.Deciding the appeal in favour of the Jains, an SC bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Ranjan Gogoi said the language of December 22, 1970, agreement was clear that the plaintiff (Jain) was to pay only Rs 50,000 and the rest after tax clearance certificate from the I-T authorities, which was never produced by Rushdie.Reversing the HC verdict and upholding the trial court decree, the bench said: \"We are left with no doubt that in the present case the Plaintiff No.1 (Bhiku Ram Jain) was, at all times, ready and willing to perform his part of the contract. It is the defendant (Rushdie) who had defaulted in execution of the sale document.\"Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Gogoi said though the court found that the Jains were nowhere to be faulted in the execution of the agreement, the inhibiting factors to direct specific performance of a 1970 sale agreement was the long efflux of time and spiralling prices of real estate.\"The long efflux of time (over 40 years) that has occurred and the galloping value of real estate in the meantime are the twin inhibiting factors in this regard,\" the bench said.It said: \"We are of the further view that the sale deed that will now have to be executed by the defendants (Rushdies) in favour of the plaintiffs (Jains) will be for the market price of the suit property as on the date of the present order.\" But, as the court had mechanism to determine the current market price of the Flagstaff Road bungalow, it asked HC to undertake the exercise expeditiously. Once, that is done and the Jains pay the sum, Rushdie's ancestral link with Delhi would come to an end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543215", "title": "Not marrying Wood for money, says fiancee", "text": "Ronnie Wood's fiancee Sally Humphreys has brushed off reports that she is marrying the veterans singer for money.Wood, 65, and Humphreys, 34, plan to marry in early 2013. Humphreys says she is hurt by criticism of her romance with Wood.\"There is an age gap. I would prefer it if there wasn't but there is. But maybe I'm a bit older and he's a bit younger at heart... I could be struck by lightning or knocked down by a bus. I can't not allow good times now because in 20 years' time it will be different...,\" she told Evening Standard newspaper.\"He is phenomenally talented and very funny. He's an artist and a musician, and he's very entertaining. People always say, would you still be going out with him if he was a bin man (garbage collector). Well, if the bin man could play guitar and paint pictures and was hilariously funny, yeah, I would...\"You read these unkind comments... opinionated articles not backed up in fact, about this horrible old man who dyes his hair and doesn't put his teeth in... it's just lies,\" she added.She goes on to deny having any financial motivation in marrying the rocker, adding, \"People say, are you a gold-digger, are you this, are you that? I'm not. If I was, I wouldn't be at work every day. But I suppose only time will tell.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17540305", "title": "UT asks CBI to probe plaint against advocate", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration has recommended CBI to investigate a criminal complaint against an advocate Mukesh Mittal who allegedly committed forgery, cheating and criminal breach of trust.The complaint was filed by Nirmal Singh of Sector 33, who alleged that the advocate was his counsel but forged a cash receipt of around Rs 9 crore and embezzled Rs 25 lakh. The investigation was forwarded to CBI by home secretary (HS) on November 30.DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said the matter is being verified and related record was sought from Chandigarh administration.However, advocate Mittal said, \"The complaint against him is baseless and it was motivated by professional rivalry. The home secretary (HS) has forwarded the inquiry to CBI without following proper procedures.\" In the communication to CBI, a copy of which is in the possession of TOI, HS stated, \"The complainant has alleged bias on the part of Chandigarh police and matter has interstate ramifications, it may be sent to CBI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "with a plethora of elections looming on the horizon, citizen initiatives to bring transparency, accountability and most important, get good, clean people capable of delivery and good governance elected, is gaining traction. political action committees (pacs) which will raise money - substantial amounts at that if the us example is an indicator - are being formed to aid the process. nav bharat is a national pac that's been recently formed. the inaugural fundraiser by the pac's bangalore arm held on saturday evening was attended by the creme de la creme of bangalore, who listened to kiran mazumdar shaw, mohandas pai, rk misra and k jairaj on the need for a political action initiative. rk misra spoke to toi on nav bharat's plans. excerpts", "code": "17539163", "title": "Nav Bharat PAC will alter electoral dynamics", "text": "With a plethora of elections looming on the horizon, citizen initiatives to bring transparency, accountability and most important, get good, clean people capable of delivery and good governance elected, is gaining traction. Political Action Committees (PACs) which will raise money - substantial amounts at that if the US example is an indicator - are being formed to aid the process. Nav Bharat is a national PAC that's been recently formed. The inaugural fundraiser by the PAC's Bangalore arm held on Saturday evening was attended by the creme de la creme of Bangalore, who listened to Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, Mohandas Pai, RK Misra and K Jairaj on the need for a political action initiative. RK Misra spoke to TOI on Nav Bharat's plans. Excerpts:What role will Nav Bharat play in Indian politics?Nav Bharat is a national political action initiative to help committed and capable leaders of our society win and represent us in municipalities, assemblies and Parliament.People are losing faith in our parliamentary democracy. Nav Bharat will engage the disenchanted voter by fielding credible candidates, focusing on issues and executing a transparent electoral campaign. It will provide voters with an alternative to traditional electoral process where candidate selection is opaque and voter mobilization techniques questionable.Will Nav Bharat function like the powerful US PACs?As opposed to US PACs, which are mostly pressure and support groups, Nav Bharat will directly engage in the electoral process by fielding and supporting candidates. In our country, electoral malpractices are rampant due to non-transparent campaign finance and dynastic politics. Nav Bharat's objective is to bring accountability and credibility to the electoral process. To that objective, we will engage both in advocacy as well as direct participation in the electoral process.Will you be supporting political parties or individuals?A. Nav Bharat's focus is on credible and capable candidates. We are working to see that our candidates win and bring about the desired improvements in governance. Nav Bharat will facilitate the formation of a new party or support an existing party which subscribes to our good governance agenda and transparency objectives.Are there restrictions in India on how much an individual can contribute to a PAC?Indian political donation laws are among the most generous. People can donate any amount to political parties and they get tax credit for their contribution. Then, there are political trusts to which people can contribute for political parties. Systems and laws for clean and transparent campaign finance already exist; we just need to follow them.Given there's a limit to how much a candidate can officially spend in an election, and it's well-known that candidates need to spend in multiples of that, how will you ensure that the PAC's money will make a difference?Electoral expenditure limits are not unreasonable. It's the electoral malpractices of buying the party ticket and then inducing voters and supporters, which costs candidates huge sums of money. Nav Bharat's voter will vote based on issues and the credibility of the candidate, not the inducement. Hence, we don't need astronomical sums of money to fight elections.How much control will Nav Bharat want to have on the policy/politics of the candidate it backs?Nav Bharat will be answerable to its voters and supporters. Hence, it's imperative that the candidate and party subscribe to the agenda of Nav Bharat.How much does Nav Bharat intend to raise all-India and in Bangalore?Nav Bharat will raise sufficient monies in a transparent manner as per the Election Commission guidelines. However, our resource mobilization is not limited to financial contribution alone. We will engage and help candidates with electoral strategy, campaign management, message and communication as well as voter mobilization. We'll alter electoral dynamics.Do you see more such PACs emerging in the country?Yes. Nav Bharat is working nationally and encouraging individual cities to put together their own PACs. Recently, Bangalore established B-PAC, which is focused on political and governance agenda for Bangalore. Similar initiatives are under way in Mumbai, NCR, Pune, Lucknow, Kanpur, Nagpur, Goa and many other places. Nav Bharat will coordinate closely with PACs across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538741", "title": "SI shot at by hostellers in Meerutin Meerut hostel feud", "text": "LUCKNOW: The head of a police outpost in Meerut was shot at three times when he intervened to part two warring student groups at a private hostel. The sub inspector Anand Pal Singh was battling for life on Saturday at a private nursing home where he was taken after the Friday night shootout.The accused has been identified as Pankaj Sharma, a student of engineering and is absconding.Police arrested three of his associates on Saturday evening. Coming two days after Ravindra Pal Singh was shot dead from point blank range in Chehertha area of Amritsar for challenging the audacity of a politically-connected ruffian making lewd passes at his daughter, the Meerut incident also reveals how criminals defy policemen on duty with impunity. Another common factor is while both cops were shot, scores of people stood by as mute witnesses.In Meerut, Bhawanpur police received information that two groups at Bajrang private hostel for students in Bhopal Vihar of the city were engaged in a fist fight and in-charge of the local Hasanpur police outpost sub inspector Anand Pal Singh reached the site. There he found that self-proclaimed student leaders Pankaj Sharma and his roommate Vishwas Bhati had entered into a dispute over payment of an outstanding cellphone bill. The SI managed to resolve the issue and the two fighting groups were parted.But before the SI could leave the site, the two sides clashed again, armed this time with sticks and rods. He rushed back and as he approached the mob, a leader of one of the groups fired at him. The SI hit the ground with three bullet wounds on his left shoulder.As the miscreants fled, a crowd stood mute and did not come to the rescue of the police officer. It was only after additional police force reached that the SI was rushed to Anand Hospital, a private medical facility, where his condition was described as critical but stable.Senior superintendent of police (SSP) Meeru K Satyanarayana said police had identified the accused and were now raiding their suspected hideouts. Police had rounded up three associates of Pankaj who were allegedly with him at the time of the clash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17540331", "title": "Essar program for farmers", "text": "RANCHI: Essar Foundation organized a training programme on vegetable kitchen gardening recently, in order to improve quality of homegrown vegetables.The event on Chatro School Ground was organized under the community social responsibility ( CSR) progaramme of Essar group of companies. The one-year programme is aimed at improving the quality and productivity of vegetables by introducing better quality saplings and training on gardening. With increased productivity, farmers will be able to earn more.About trained 100 farmers, identified by Essar management, were trained by vegetation expert Devender Pal Kaur, who is manager at Krishi Gram Vikas Kendra. tnnAfter the one-day training session, the farmers were given 19 variety of seeds which can be sown in different seasons like rabi (October-January), garma (February-May) and kharif (June-September). According to company estimates, 250-300 kg of fresh vegetables will be produced over 450 sq ft of land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17540161", "title": "Women sports stars to promote sanitation", "text": "RANCHI: In a noble move, the state government on Saturday announced the decision to use women sportspersons to promote sanitation and hygiene in Jharkhand. Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who is in-charge of the drinking water and sanitation department , said the department had already taken a decision and the officials would soon prepare a list of women sportspersons, including those who were not active today but have brought laurels to country and the state in national and international events in the past.\"Unlike other departments which mainly use film stars or only active sportspersons, we have decided to use only women sportspersons including those who have retired and are leading life in obscurity,\" Soren said.The decision was announced during the inaugural session of four-day long fourth international workshop on \"sustainability of rural sanitation initiatives in India\" organized by the Jharkhand government with support from Community Led Total Sanitation (CLTS) Foundation, Water and Sanitation Programme-South Asia and Water Supply and Sanitation Collaborative Council, Geneva.DWSD department officials said around 200 delegates from 13 countries from Asia, Africa and Latin America are participating in the workshop with people from different states of the country. Countries that have sent representatives include Cambodia, Indonesia, Timor Leste, Myanmar, Nepal, Mali, Chad , Sudan, Nigeria, Togo, and Fiji .Additional chief secretary Sudhir Prasad said the focus of the workshop would be on institutionalization of community-led total sanitation within the government's sanitation policy of different states and nations for achieving the \"millennium development goal of the UN on sanitation. More than 70% households in rural Jharkhand do not have toilets. Our initiative will be to change the situation and make Jharkhand a zero open-defecation place,\" said Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "varanasi/lucknow", "code": "17540661", "title": "Samajwadi Party trade wing leader, brother gunned down", "text": "VARANASI/LUCKNOW: State vice-president of Samajwadi Party Vyapar Sabha, Ajay Barnwal, and his younger brother Vijay Barnwal, were shot dead at the gates of their house in Ghazipur district late on Friday evening.One of the leading jewelers of Ghazipur, the brother duo had barely reached home carrying a chunk of their jewellery stock in a bag, when miscreants struck and decamped with the stock they were carrying.ADG law and order Arun Kumar left for Ghazipur after the news of murders came. The incident took place at around 7:30pm on Friday when Ajay and Vijay were closing their showroom.The brother duo reached home carrying a big bag containing jewellery. As the younger brother got down from the vehicle to open the gate of the house, some miscreants riding motorcycles arrived at the spot and opened fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542653", "title": "Kim Kardashian heartbroken by death of kitten", "text": "Kim Kardashian , whose beloved Persian kitten 'Mercy' died from stomach cancer , is saddened by the passing away of the feline.According to the reality star's personal blog, Mercy, who had been named so after Kanye West's hit single, dies from a rare form of stomach cancer.\"My heart is completely broken,\" the New York Daily News quoted her as writing.Mercy's short, but well-documented life as a Kardashian was fragile from the start. The kitten was a gift from the rapper and instantly became the socialite's best buddy on Instagram.It wasn't long before fans started noticing that four-month-old Mercy didn't seem too happy about the exposure and all the snuggling that came with it.Tragedy struck when the 32-year-old found out that she was allergic to cats. Not wanting to resort to injections, she gave the cat to her sister Khloe Kardashian Odom's assistant, Sydney Hitchcock, who had recently lost her own cuddly cat friend.\"Mercy deserved a mom who could really give her the time and affection she deserved,\" Kim wrote on her blog.According to E! online, sources said that with one of Kim's assistants in tow, Mercy flew from Miami to L.A. and settled in with her new family.After a couple of weeks, Sydney's boyfriend noticed that Mercy was looking limp. The cat was rushed to an animal hospital where the vets broke the harsh news that Mercy's stomach was filled with fluid and that aggressive treatment wouldn't have helped.The next day the famous kitten was euthanized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17540766", "title": "Kozhikode city to get fire hydrant system", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kozhikode city will soon get a dedicated underground water pipeline to supply water from the main reservoir at Mananchira to various locations in the city to douse fire in the event of fire accidents.The fire hydrant system, proposed by the fire and rescue service department, would be the first-of-its-kind in the state. The plan is mooted after observing that the narrow and congested roads have been making rescue and rehabilitation process an uphill task for the fire and rescue service personnel. With the laying of dedicated underground waterline, the fire department staff can ensure availability of water at major points by plugging in hose at the nearest sluice valve from the accident site.Valves will be installed at 25 locations in the network. At present a fire tender takes 25 to 30 minutes to fill and refill water from the reservoir.Absence of adequate firefighting mechanism has been compelling the fire and rescue personnel to carry out the work manually, which is a difficult task. Congested roads, proximity of shops and busy streets make fire mishaps intense in the city besides hampering firefighting operations. The people have been demanding an effective firefighting mechanism in the city which has seen several fire mishaps recently.According to data with fire and rescue service department, the district had registered 585 fire mishaps in 2010. The number was 727 in 2011 and 703 till November 2012.E B Prasad, Kozhikode divisional officer of fire and rescue service department said through the hydrant system the department aims to reduce the damage caused by fire mishaps. \"The highlight of the facility is that water through underground pipelines will used only for extinguishing fire. The department has already submitted locations of hydrant points to the Kerala water authority to prepare a detailed project report (DPR). The KWA is expected to submit the DPR to the district collector soon,\" he said. \"We have also submitted another proposal to set up a pumping station at Mananchira which will help us fill water from Mananchira reservoir within five minutes to three fire tenders at a stretch. The system will be set up before March, 2013 with an estimated sum of Rs 7 lakh allotted from the MP fund of M K Raghavan. The PWD electrical wing has been entrusted with the preparation of project,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17538804", "title": "Man who shot parents arrested", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A youth who allegedly shot his parents about 10 days ago has been arrested. While the mother died on the spot, the father succumbed to his injuries on Friday night.Police said Deepak Thakur (22) shot his parents as he was upset to see his father gift a small portion of the family property to his sister on her wedding.While the youth was produced in court on Saturday and has been remanded in judicial custody for murder, search is on for two other accused \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rahul and Tej Veer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d police said.Ashok Kumar Sharma, superintendent of police (rural), said Deepak fired at his parents around 10.30pm on the November 28 in connivance with his brother-in-law Rahul and father-in-law Tej Veer. \"The trigger for the murder was a dispute between Deepak and his father, Satyender (55), over the gifting of 50 bighas of the ancestral property to his sister,\" Sharma said.Police said Deepak decided to kill his parents after they sold a plot of nearly 15 acres for about Rs 15 crore.\"Deepak fought with his father after he gave his daughter a flat and deposited some money in her account during her wedding. Satyender had apparently threatened to transfer all the property to his daughter as he considered Deepak a wastrel,\" said a cop.Deepak then planned to murder his parents to take over the entire property worth several crores, said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17538731", "title": "Memorial service", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17539002", "title": "Jhabua gets first taste of 'Khula Darbar'", "text": "GURGAON: Administration officers including the deputy commissioner of Rewari held 'Khula Darbar', an open camp for redress of public grievances in Jhabua village in Rewari district on Saturday.A total of 52 complaints were received at the 'Khula Darbar' and were mostly related to water and electricity problems. C G Rajnikanthan, deputy commissioner, Rewari, directed the departments concerned to redress %all the grievances as soon as possible.For two days, Friday and Saturday, Jhabua village was the venue of a close interaction between admin officials and the villagers. In tune with the camp schedule in Jhabua village, Rewari DC Rajnikanthan, opened the 'Khula Darbar' where villagers of Jhabua, Khijuri and Bidawas village gave vent to their grievances.Before opening the darbar, the deputy commissioner planted trees and honoured students who had taken part in sports contests.Also, the cultural group, Shakuntalam Sangeet &amp; Natya Sanstha, performed a play with a message on female feticide and literacy. Through their performances, the artistes of the group conveyed the social message to create awareness among the audience. The artistes succeeded in creating awareness in villagers about education of the girl child with their play, \"Ladki Padhke Kya Karegi\" which was directed by Satish Mastan.After the enactment of the play, the 'Khula Darbar' was declared open. Rajnikanthan was satisfied with being part of the path-breaking initiative. He told TOI, \"It is a whole new concept wherein the officials have stayed with the villagers for a day and night. The entire administration has gone to the doorstep of the villagers and the officials will be able to achieve more than just redressing grievances since health services are minimal in rural areas and awareness is low about various government welfare schemes.\"Rajnikanthan said that the awareness camps were being held prior to the darbar for the benefit of the villagers. \"The villagers will first be educated about the government schemes and the eligibility criteria,\" he said.\"We will also be going to other villages of the district as part of our monthly schedule, the deputy commissioner said.On Saturday morning the officials and villagers led by the deputy commissioner took part in a sanitation drive.Rajnikanthan said that mostly complaints were regarding electricity, public health, revenue, panchayat, health and social welfare. \"We forwarded the complaints to the departments concerned and have given them three days to submit a report. By next week all the complaints would be addressed. Ninety per cent of the complaints would addressed at the district level while the remaining 10% would be sent to the state government for redressal,\" he said.On Friday night, the officials stayed in the village school. The artistes of Shakuntala Sangeet &amp; Natya Sanstha also stayed with them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542701", "title": "Tom Cruise planning to watch derby", "text": "Tom Cruise has set himself a Mission Impossible-style assignment - getting to Friday's big derby match between the Manchester rivals.The 50-year-old actor has been urged to see the Manchester City versus Manchester United derby by his footie ace pal David Beckham.Cruise is so desperate to watch the game that he may even travel by a helicopter or jet to get there.Currently he is 200 miles from City's Etihad Stadium - filming scenes in Hertfordshire for new movie 'All You Need Is Kill' - so he got his staff to spend the last five days planning the trip with the stadium officials.\"Tom's filming on Saturday, the match is a lunchtime kick-off and he has to be in London for the premiere of his film Jack Reacher on Monday,\" the Sun quoted a source as saying.\"We've been working out whether to get a jet or helicopter or go by road. Tom's on a very tight schedule, but is desperate to see the match. Becks told him, 'If there's one game you see, this is it.' So he's been buzzing to get up to Manchester.\"He won't be shouting for United or City. He'll be there as a fan of sport. The only thing that may put a spanner in the works is if filming over-runs,\" the source said.Cruise plans to watch the derby with actor Robert Duvall, 81.\"Tom doesn't want his appearance turning the event into a circus,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538934", "title": "Akhilesh slams Mayawati for 'flip-flop' on FDI voting", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister and Samajwadi Party state president Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday lashed out at Bahujan Samaj Party supremo and former UP chief minister Mayawati on her flip-flop on the issue of foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail.\"The BSP president has lost credibility. Her party spoke against FDI in the Lok Sabha and abstained from voting. However, in the Rajya Sabha, she made a U-turn and voted in favour of the Congress-led UPA government. The distance between the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha is only of 50 metres. Her stand changed within 50 metres walk. Also, the BSP in its regime had allowed a foreign giants to set up retail shops in different names in three cities in UP. In comparison, SP's stand on the issue has remained unchanged,\" said Akhilesh, while speaking to reporters at a function.Other SP leaders also pointed out that during its rule, the BSP denied permission to Reliance to open retail outlets in the state on grounds that it will be anti-farmer. \"Mayawati as chief minister had denied permission to Indian companies, but allowed foreigners. The flip flop shows that she only works for personal interest and not for the interest of the people,\" said a senior SP leader. The response of the SP came when media-persons questioned Akhilesh why his party did not take part in the voting against FDI in multi-brand retail in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha despite opposing it vehemently during the debate.Earlier this week, the UPA government was able to defeat Bharatiya Janata Party's motion against FDI in multi-brand retail with the help of both the SP and the BSP. The SP opposed FDI in both the houses of Parliament, but abstained from voting by staging a walkout. The BSP, on the other hand, spoke against the FDI in Lok Sabha and did not take part in the voting, whereas in the Rajya Sabha it voted in favour of the government. The BJP accused the government for using the CBI to 'win' support of SP and the BSP as top brass of the both the parties are facing corruption charges, which are being probed by the agency.With an eye on Muslim votes, the BSP and SP have been justifying their stand on grounds that they don't want to be seen standing with the communal forces (BJP) on any issue. Maya stole the thunder by voting against the BJP in Rajya Sabha to save the UPA II. In Rajya Sabha, the government could have lost because numbers were not its favour. Apart from appeasing Muslims, Mayawati also tried to strengthen dalit base by arguing that she wanted FDI issue to resolve as early as possible, so that she can push for the bill providing reservation to scheduled castes and tribes in promotions in government services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539663", "title": "It takes a village to make a city", "text": "Writer Suketu Mehta once met a cabbie in Mumbai who was missing his village in Uttar Pradesh. \"Do you send money home?\" asked Mehta. \"No. They send me money,\" replied the taxi driver, who owns land back there. \"Then why are you here?\" \"Because Lata Mangeshkar once sat in the backseat of my taxi.\"The supernatural forces of cities such as Mumbai and their conflicting relationship with villages set the tone for a discussion titled 'Metrosterone' at the TOI Literary Carnival. In this session, moderated by Nikhil Rao, a professor of history at Wellesley, US, three authors who have used Mumbai, Madras and Moscow not just as backdrops but also as agents in their books, parted with their own interpretations of what makes a city.\"There is a village in every city,\" said writer-journalist Manu Joseph, adding that the conservative, inquisitive nature of the residents in a building was a symptom of this fact.Joseph, who once lived in a Prabhadevi chawl where people would constantly come up with questions such as \"do you have a bike?\" and offer unsolicited cooking tips, felt \"we make a village out of where we live\". His encounter with a PWD worker proved the insecurity of villagers living in cities. \"I asked him why our roads have crooked edges and he said we like incompleteness,\" said Joseph. Maximum City author Suketu Mehta-who said his next book will be called Minimum Village-finds an increasing sense of nostalgia among cities for the idea of the village. \"Here, you can't see sky and you have to be too rich to see the sea. So even in photos in travel magazines, you will only find greenery and the village-like side of big cities,\" said Mehta who maintains that every big city is schizophrenic.This schizophrenia is also why writing calls for a careful process of selection and forgetting, said Andrew Miller , author of The Earl of Petticoat Lane, which is set in Moscow. \"You have to unlearn certain aspects of the city,\" said Miller, who finds in Moscow a constant demand for offering. \"You better be rich, beautiful or clever,\" said Miller. In Madras, of course, the last offering is usually all that matters. \"This city encouraged young boys to approach philosophy in a very Indian way,\" said Joseph. All the members of this all-male panel seemed to admit that cities are experienced differently by men and women.An insight into the question of \"inequality in cities\" came from Mehta's encounter with yet another taxi driver. While riding past the Ambani's Antilla, the driver said, \"Couldn't they have used a different colour?\" There is no grudge against the rich, just a casual acceptance that we are all here to make money, said Mehta, who added that inequality was endemic to cities. \"The winners of globalization live in big cities while the losers live in outer cities,\" said Miller.In the end, Delhi emerged as what Joseph called the \"largest village in the country\", Moscow as a demanding matriarch and Mumbai, as a large leveller. \"Can you imagine practising untouchability in the local train?\" asked Mehta. He knows of one friend who lives in South Mumbai and another who lives in Versova who meet once a year. In New York .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17545150", "title": "IGNOU, CVC to take VigEye to rural India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indira Gandhi National Open University(IGNOU), MHRD and Central Vigilance Commission(CVC) announced that the anti-corruption project Vigilance Eye(VigEye), shall soon reach the remote corners of India through the university's regional centres on Sunday.VigEye is a project of CVC, which provides a platform for submitting complaint against corruption through mobile phones and internet.On the occasion of the international anti-corruption day on December 9, IGNOU too, announced a curriculum on moral ethics and vigilance. According to CVC, R Sri Kumar, along with taking VigEye to villages, one or two volunteers at village level shall be nominated to create awareness among the rural people about the project.Kumar, while participating at the two-way teleconference session on to discuss the preventive, punitive and participative vigilance at IGNOU, said \"people can lodge their complaint with the help of photographs, audio and video,\" while explaining VigEye. Kumar further added, \"The project shall soon be upgraded to 'VigEye Shree', 'VigEye Vibhushan' and 'VigEye Ratna' to encourage people to fight corruption. There has to be a change in the strategy. It is a long process today, by the time we take action the time elapses. Now, through VigEye, we shall reach out to the common people and tell them, what should be done and what should be avoided.\"The CVC also demonstrated that how participative vigilance can be incorporated among the masses through mobile phones. \"You can send a blank SMS or 'VIGEYE' to 09223174440 to get an SMS containing the registration link in your mobile. You have to register first, before filing a complaint,\" he said.While professor Gopinath Pradhan, vice chancellor of IGNOU, announced the curriculum on moral ethics and vigilance, retired additional secretary, CVC, Jaya Balachandran said \"We have been discussing how educational institutions play a proactive role in reducing corruption. Corruption is a distortion on public property in the realm of vital sectors of the society. With massive investments in such projects we need to plug corruption. If it is plugged, then a jump of 1.2% in our GDP is possible.\"Amit Khare, joint secretary and CVO, MHRD, spoke on how participative vigilance can be a part of their curriculum. He brought forward some measures in having preventive vigilance and said \"There should be an online mechanism to contain corruption; have legislative measures like a bill to prohibit technical malpractice in the Parliament along with a transparent educational system.\"Keshav Rao, director CVC, emphasized transparency in public vigilance, particularly in procurement and defined corruption as monopoly plus discretion minus accountability. \"Transparency, fairness, quality, time and value for money are various factors propagated by CVC for addressing different departments,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17540226", "title": "Government asks Bokaro Steel Limited to follow safety norms strictly", "text": "BOKARO: State labour commissioner Sunil Kumar Burnwal on Saturday expressed concern over spurt in accidents in the Bokaro Steel Limited (BSL) and directed its management to follow safety norms strictly to avoid such incidents in future.Burnwal ordered factory inspectors and officials of the labour department to monitor whether the industries and steel plants were sincerely following the safety norms or not. In November, four contract workers were killed in different incidents in the BSL.The commissioner conducted inspection of the BSL and Bokaro Jaypee Cement Limited here. He also chaired a meeting with the officials of major industries of Bokaro, Ramgarh and Dhanbad in which he discussed on several issues related to labour laws, factory act and others.On his second day of the visit, Burnwal assessed the safety measures adopted by the BSL in benefit of employees and thousands of workers working in the plant. He gave necessary tips to the BSL officials asking to enhance its safety measures. He also talked to the labour union leaders to know the problems faced by the workers inside the plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17539378", "title": "Marksheet fraudster caught from Naranpura", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Naranpura police arrested an accused in a marksheet fraud registered in June this year. Officials believe that more such cases are expected to come out during the investigation.According to Naranpura police, Paresh Soni, a resident of Naranpura, had filed a compliant on June 22 against Sanjay Soni alias Ashok for fraudulently taking Rs 4,000 from him by promising marksheets of any board or university exams.\"As per Soni's complaint, he contacted Sanjay after reading an advertisement that was about failing in class X, XII and college exams in connection to a relative. When he called Sanjay, he identified himself as an officer of Madhyamik Shikshan Parishad in Uttar Pradesh. He promised to get the candidate favourable marks after the payment of Rs 15,000 out of which he demanded Rs 4,000 upfront,\" said a police official. After making the payment, Soni received a bunch of exam papers that were to be answered from home. The answer sheets were couriered to an address in Uttar Pradesh after which Sanjay promised that he would help. After two months, he called up Soni and asked him to check the website where Soni's relative had obtained 389 marks out of 600. Sanjay then demanded Rs 11,000 if he wanted the marksheet and certificate. It was later revealed that the website was made by Sanjay's team only.\"In July, we started the investigation and used technical surveillance to track Sanjay down. We managed to locate him in Delhi and sent a team there. We caught him from Nehru Vihar Colony in Delhi three days back and brought him to the city on Friday,\" said Jignesh Agrawat, sub-inspector with Naranpura police.He added that Sanjay, a native of Uttar Pradesh, has another similar case registered against him with Rajkot police. They have asked other police stations to find out if Sanjay has cheated more people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17539794", "title": "Malayalis will miss Jagannathan", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Film actor and theatre artiste Jagannathan who lent a distinct trait to his characters with his throaty voice and finely-tuned histrionics passed away at his residence in Poojapura here on Saturday. He was 74.He had been undergoing treatment for liver-related ailments for quite some time. Jagannathan's cremation will take place at Santhikavadam, Thycaud, at 11 am on Sunday. He is survived by two children.Although he rarely received lengthy roles in films, Jagannathan often converted those short appearances into a significant presence. He acted in over 170 films and his last appearance was in Dileep-starrer Pattanathil Sundaran.He was an active member in the Thanathu Natakavedi, a theatre movement launched by famous playwright Kavalam Narayana Panicker. Jagannathan was part of a theatre movement that sparked the revival of folk traditions on stage during the 1970s.He appeared in a prominent role in Kavalam's widely acclaimed play 'Avanavan Kadamba', directed by the late G Aravindan.His film debut happened in 1986 with Aravindan's film Oridathu. This was followed by small but notable roles in a slew of films in which he switched between character and comedy roles. During the emergence of television serials, Jagannathan shifted his base to mini-screen where he was given meaty roles in various mega serials.Thiruvananthapuram: Film actor and theatre artiste Jagannathan who lent a distinct trait to his characters with his throaty vocals and finely tuned histrionics passed away in his residence at Poojapura here on Saturday. He was 74. He had been under treatment for liver-related ailments for quite some time. Jagannathan's cremation will take place at Santhikavadam, Thycaud, at 11 a.m. on Sunday.Although he rarely received lengthy roles in films, Jagannathan often converted those short appearances into significant presence. He had acted in over 170 films. He had last appeared in Dileep starrer Pattanathil Sundaran.He was an active member in the Thanathu Natakavedi, a theatre movement launched by famous playwright Kavalam Narayana Panicker. Jagannathan donned his roles perfectly in a theatre movement that sparked off a revival of folk traditions on stage during the 1970s.He appeared in a prominent role in Kavalam's widely acclaimed play \"Avanavan Kadamba\", directed by late G Aravindan.His film debut happened in 1986. Feted auteur Aravindan roped him for a role in his film \"Oridathu.\" This was followed by small but notable roles in a slew of films in which he switched between character and comedy roles. During the emergence of television serials, Jagannathan shifted his base to mini-screen where he was awarded with meaty roles in various mega serials.He is survived by two children and the cremation will be held later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17540566", "title": "Nashik RTO to get hi-tech vehicle inspection facility", "text": "NASHIK: The state's first automatic vehicle inspection centre will come up at the Nashik RTO soon, thanks to availability of land for the approximately Rs 10-crore project.When contacted by TOI, deputy RTO Jayant Patil said preliminary work on the project will begin on Monday. \"An official of the ARAI ( Automotive Research Association of India) inspected the Nashik RTO on Friday and gave the go-ahead for the project. Now, we need permission from the municipal corporation, which should not be a problem,\" he said.\"The ARAI official said that efforts will be made to complete the project within six months,\" Patil added.Regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal confirmed that such a project was in the offing.Officials at the RTO said that once the facility is ready, the quality of inspection will improve, thus minimizing the chances of accidents. \"The facility will be set up on five acres of land at a cost of about Rs 10 crore. The centre will be the only one of its kind in the state because the required land is available with the Nashik RTO and at the same time there are a sufficient number of transport vehicles that need fitness certificates on a regular basis,\" the officials said on condition of anonymity.The officials said that four to five tracks or ramps will be built to check the fitness of vehicles. \"Although sincere efforts are made to ensure vehicles are technically fit, the latest facility will be more accurate and convenient.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17539634", "title": "Man drowns in water tank", "text": "INDORE: A 42-year-old man accidentally slipped in a water tank and drowned in Juni Indore area here on Saturday morning. The deceased was identified as Manohar Sonkar, son of Mangilal Sonkar.He was the staff of Malwa Cambridge school, said police. Few students saw him trying to fetch water from the tank. Suddenly, when they noticed him disappeared, they went to check and found him dead.Subsequently, they informed police. The body was later sent to district hospital for autopsy.Few students saw him trying to fetch water from the tank. Suddenly, when they noticed him disappeared, they went to check and found him dead", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17544793", "title": "Alastair Cook credits county stint for good form", "text": "KOLKATA: England's batting mainstay in the ongoing Test series against India, captain Alastair Cook on Sunday credited his fantastic form to a stint in county side Essex after being dropped from the limited-overs team in 2008-09.\"When I got left out from England one-day side, and played a lot of one-dayers for Essex, T20Is...It forces you to expand your game. I was forced to take on new shots and realising that I could play them and with confidence to play them in a four-day or five-day game.\"I have worked very hard alongside Goochy (batting coach Graham Gooch ),\" Cook, who has 500-plus runs in the series, said.In a record-breaking innings of 190, Cook became the leading English centurion with 23 hundreds and also became the youngest to join the 7,000-club in the third Test that concluded on Sunday.Cook said the feeling had not sunk in yet. \"I obviously got a little lucky early on but we said, on that wicket if we can bat as long as we can, we'll give ourselves a great position, and luckily I went on to get a big hundred,\" he said.\"In the beginning of the tour, we said the guys who get in must go big. It's tough to get in but once you do, you get that rhythm and it's about maintaining that rhythm.\"Yes, scoring the 23rd hundred was a very good moment for me. It's been a very stressful last couple of days. Personally, I want to keep scoring runs. Hope I can do it one more time,\" he added.On becoming the leading English centurion, Cook said, \"I wouldn't have known what the record was. It's great to have contributed to an amazing couple of games. Hopefully I can do it one more time.\"Cook was run out in a bizarre fashion ending his majestic innings 10 runs short of a double century.\"There will be a video somewhere for the rest of my life. I just had a brain failure. I was walking back and saw this ball coming back. My first reaction was to flinch when most people will have put there bat in...realisation that I had done it was more embarrassing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "margao/panaji", "code": "17540471", "title": "Stakeholders see red over CEC report", "text": "MARGAO/PANAJI: Mining stakeholders, particularly mining truck owners, are upset over the Central empowered committee (CEC) report over illegal mining submitted to the Supreme Court and have expressed their concerns over the livelihoods of thousands of people in view of the \"adverse\" prognosis made in the CEC report.\"We had pinned our hopes on the CEC report as we had placed all our problems before the committee when they were down in Goa. What bothers us is the question of livelihoods of the thousands of the truck owners who will be affected by the closure of mines. We were not partners in any crime in the illegal mining activities, as our trucks were only engaged in mining transportation, unaware of whether the ore sourced is legal or illegal.It's wrong to make us suffer for the wrongs we didn't at all commit,\" president of South Goa truck owners association, Prakash Raut Dessai, told TOI. Dessai demanded that the government \"recover all the money made through illegal mining trade\" from the mine owners and compensate the affected truck owners at the earliest. Prasad Phal Dessai of the Mining affected people's front (MAPF) and president of Cavrem-Maina truck owners association, said, \"The Supreme Court appointed CEC was tasked with \"fact finding\" on illegal mining in the state. But, the report has not considered the views of the mining dependent people, despite the fact that we had placed our submissions to the committee.If there were any irregularities in the mining transportation, it was because of the failure of the government in putting in place adequate infrastructure and required checks and balances,\" Phal Dessai said.Goa mineral ore exporters association (GMOEA) said that the responsibility will lie with the governments to get the situation resolved. Asked for his reaction to the CEC report, S Sridhar, executive director, GMOEA said, \"It is premature to react without reading the report fully. Recommendations of the CEC should be read in entirety along with the annexure that has not been out yet.\"He, however, said that prima facie, the responsibility lies with the state government and Union ministry of environment and forest (MOEF). GMOEA members have been deliberating on the issue. \"We have regular meetings and will discuss the issue at length in our next meeting.\"Atul Jadhav of the All Goa barge owners association (AGBOA), said that the state government has already initiated some steps suggested by the CEC. \"I think guidelines indicated in CEC report are similar to measures initiated by the Goa government to stop illegal mining,\" Jadhav told TOI. Regarding the court case, he said the court will be closed during Christmas vacation which means that the matter can be taken up for hearing only next month.Mahesh Gawas, president, All Goa truck owners association, (AGTOA), was critical of the report. \"I think the CEC report is completely one-sided and certainly we are not happy with it. We will soon have a meeting to decide our future course of action.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17543860", "title": "India were overconfident and under-prepared: Vengsarkar", "text": "MUMBAI: Slamming the Indian team for its lack of preparedness for the four-Test England series, in which the home team is down 1-2 with one game to go at Nagpur next week, former chief selector Dilip Vengsarkar said the onus is on the selectors to make at least a couple of changes to the side.\"England were well-prepared while India were over confident. The Indian preparation for this important series was diabolical,\" former captain Vengsarkar said after the visitors beat the hosts by seven wickets in the third and penultimate Test at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata.\"I hope the selectors show vision and courage of conviction. At least a couple of changes are expected straightaway,\" he added.Vengsarkar pointed out that while England played three practice games in the run-up to the series to get acclimatised to the conditions, the Indian board did not field the Board President's XI in any of the games.\"When we went to England we played one warm-up game before plunging into the Test series. The same happened when we went to Australia. In contrast, England's preparations were very good,\" the 116-Test veteran insisted.Concurring with Vengsarkar's views, another ex-captain Ajit Wadekar said that the Indians were complacent in their approach to the series.\"Indians' body language showed they were complacent while England had come well-prepared. They spent time in Dubai and Sri Lanka before coming here and were determined to do well. Our middle order failed miserably and their spinners, Monty Panesar and Graeme Swann bowled much better than ours.\"(Ravichandran) Ashwin seems to be a better batsman than a bowler and could be promoted up the batting order,\" Wadekar quipped, more in jest.\"Monty and Swann have used the conditions much better than our spinners. The wickets have responded to them. They are determined to do well. And their pacers are making the ball reverse much better,\" Wadekar said.Panesar, who was shockingly omitted by the visitors in the opening Test that they lost by 10 wickets, has taken 16 wickets at 23-plus runs per wicket, while Swann has grabbed 17 at 24-plus.In contrast Ashwin and left arm spinner Pragyan Ojha have taken 11 and 19 wickets at 52 and 25, respectively.The third spinner, seasoned Harbhajan Singh, has claimed two tail-end wickets at 42 in the only game he played in Mumbai.Wadekar, who also wants some changes in the team, does not expect India to square the series at Nagpur.\"There should be some changes like inclusion of Manoj Tiwary (Bengal captain). Unfortunately Umesh Yadav does not seem to be fit. Either England will win 3-1 or 2-1. It's very difficult for India to come back in the series,\" he said.Former India team manager also criticised captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni for not using the part time bowlers enough even when the rivals were scoring big.\"Why did he not use part time bowlers like Virender Sehwag , Yuvraj (Singh) even when they were scoring 500 run? Only two bowlers were used mostly,\" he said.Vengsarkar, meanwhile, was full of admiration for visiting team skipper Alastair Cook for the way he had performed.\"Cook has been outstanding and has been leading from the front,\" the 56-year-old former stylish middle order batsman said.The left handed Cook has been in tremendous touch with the bat, having amassed 548 runs in the three Tests including centuries in each of the three games so far for a stupendous average of 109.6.Asked what is the step forward for India now, Vengsakar said, \"We have to raise the bar. We have to score runs, someone should dig in there and play an exceptional innings and have big partnerships to put England under pressure.\"But they (England) are high on confidence,\" he added.Another former chief selector, Bapu Nadkarni termed it as \"batting failure\" because the Indian batsmen were happy and satisfied to make 60-70 runs and then get out.\"It was a batting failure. It was poor batting on a pitch that was not difficult to bat on and was a slow turner. Our batsmen have forgotten the art of playing Test match and are satisfied with a 30-40 or 60-70,\" said the former Test left arm spinner known for his accurate bowling.\"It's a question of patience. Test matches are a test of patience,\" said Nadkarni who also blamed the limited over mentality for the bowlers' inability to stick to a consistent line and length.\"Tell me how many bowlers are consistent in their line and length. Bowling in a 50-over or T20 game is different to bowling in Tests. When the One-day game had come I had said it is not very good for Test cricket. Now the T20 game has taken it further,\" Nadkarni remarked.He, however, left it to the cricket administrators to deal with issues like T20 cricket and wanted the individual players to decide what was good for them.\"It's an open field. It's up to the individual players to decide whether to concentrate on playing for the country or on other things. It's up to the cricket administrators to decide about T20 cricket schedule,\" he said.Former Test and ODI bowler, Balwinder Singh Sandhu praised England for their superior preparedness for the series.\"We thought by making turning wickets we would win but they played better cricket on the same wickets. They were better prepared. They handled spin bowling much better,\" said Sandhu, a member of the 1983 World Cup winning squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17541195", "title": "Ring road project uncertain", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite the number of accidents involving heavy vehicles increasing manifold in the city, the fate of the ring road project proposed to connect three cities and divert the heavy traffic continues to hang in balance. As the deadlock between the state government and farmers continues over the issue of land, the city continues to suffer from traffic woes.According to the Ring Road Sangrash Samiti, the project was proposed by the state government without availability of funds and the JDA wants to grab their land to fill its own coffers.Documents provided by the samiti said options for feasibility of the project is only possible after acquiring the access land. \"In the construction of the ring road, the availability of funds is a major issue with the JDA. The recovery of the expenditure to be incurred on the project will be compensated only by way of selling of the commercial land planned within the strip of 90-metre-wide corridor on the either side of the road,\" read the documents.Talks between the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) and the Ring Road Sangrash Samiti failed many times in the recent past as the farmers are not pleased with the proposal presented by the state government. \"In recent meeting, the JDA has claimed it will spend around Rs 2,275 crore to construct the development corridor and the amount of profit earned from sale of the acquired land will be around Rs 1,500 crore and the authority has to bear nearly Rs 700 crore. However, JDA is now claiming that it will bear a loss of Rs 1,500 crore. Also, we have the map of 47-km ring road to study the plotting system as the officials are misguiding the farmers with figures ,\" a member of the Ring Road Sangrash Samiti said.JDA has already started acquiring land for construction of the 47-km-long ring road (phase I and II) to connect Ajmer, Tonk and Agra. However, as farmers are protesting taking possession of the acquired land, it remains a challenge for the authority to start work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539622", "title": "Mega block on Central Railway today", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway services will not be available at Thakurli, Kopar, Diva, Mumbra and Kalva due to a mega block between Kalyan and Thane from 11am to 3.10pm on Sunday. Up slow trains leaving Kalyan will be diverted on Up fast line between Kalyan and Mulund.On Harbour line, there will be no service between Panvel and Nerul from 10.40am to 3.15pm. On Trans-harbour line, there will be no service between these two stations from 11am to 3.20pm in Up direction and from 11.40am to 2.50pm in Down direction. On WR, there will be no block during the day as work will be taken up during the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17539464", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcCongress devoid of development issues\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "SURAT: A day after UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi punctured his development claims and accused him of making false promises, chief minister Narendra Modi hit back at the Congress president saying she is using words like cheater as the party is devoid of any development issues to contest polls.\"In 2007, she called me 'maut ka saudagar (merchant of death)' and now she is calling me 'dagaabaaz (traitor)'. But she doesn't know that people of Gujarat are not going to believe her,\" said Modi, addressing an election rally in Vansda town of Navsari district on Saturday.Modi's rally in Vansda comes just a day before Prime Minister Manmohan Singh hits the campaign trail in this tribal hamlet.\"Congress leaders must come and talk about issues,\" he said.Taking a dig at power situation in New Delhi, Modi said, \"When Sonia has to use a generator for electricity in Delhi, our adivasi brothers use the switch to light their homes.\"He also countered Sonia's allegation on non-implementation of Rs 15 crore 'Vanbandhu Kalyan Yojna' for tribals. \"It is not Rs 15 crore, but we are running Rs 40 crore scheme for tribals,\" he said, adding the Congress must do their homework before giving her figures.He also charged the Congress with not doing anything for education among tribals. \"During Congress rule there was not a single school above Class XII and now I am working overtime to erase the sins committed them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539624", "title": "'No foul play' in mystery yacht case'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police has ruled out any foul play over the luxury yacht that was found abandoned around 1.2 nautical miles off the Gateway of India coast on Friday evening.Yellow Gate police said the yacht, which is registered in India, has all documents on record and no foul play has been found. \"The yacht named Cunning Plan is owned by Frank Hancock and Sajid Malik. We are trying to find out whether a party had been organized on board,\" said Krishna Prasad, additional commissioner (central region).On Friday, police received a tip-off that a foreign yacht was anchored in Indian waters. When cops reached the spot, not even a single attendant was present on board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17539838", "title": "More job offers for arts &amp; science grads", "text": "COIMBATORE: Engineering colleges may be feeling the heat of the economic slowdown, but the going looks good for most arts and science colleges. While placements for engineering students have come down drastically this year, more job opportunities are coming the way of arts and science college students.Compared to last year, the number of campus hires from several arts and science colleges is up this year. Recruiters say in some areas companies prefer students from arts and science streams over engineering students.K Vignesh, placement director of Sri Krishna Arts and Science College, says this year they have got around double the number of offers than last year. \"Only 200 of our final year students had received offers in December last year (2011) while this year around 400 have got offers. We expect better news in the coming days as more firms will visit the campus in January and February,\" he says.Most of the placements are in sectors like Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) and Knowledge Process Outsourcing (KPO), sales and marketing. And, there is a growing demand for BCA final year students as software developers, an area that was earlier dominated by engineering graduates.Several reasons are cited for this new trend. \"Retention is one of the biggest problems we face. Engineering graduates have a tendency to leave the firm within a year. BCA graduates and BSc Computer Science graduates at the same time remain in the firm for a few more years,\" he said. Some firms like Wipro also conduct four year part-time MS programmes for these employees. This makes sure that the recruits stick with the firm.Many firms prefer to look at graduate students than post graduates. T K Arun, placement officer at RVS College of Arts and Science, says most of the post graduates go for research and teaching jobs. \"Most of the recruitments are for graduates. At the same time, there are students who want to be entrepreneurs or go for higher studies,\" he says.Clearly, there are jobs for the taking. Several new sectors are coming up and these need workers. But a general complaint is that most of the fresh graduate students are short on skills that industry needs. Colleges too recognise the gap between what is offered by them and what is needed by the industry.K K Ramachandran, director of management, GRD School of Management, says many a time colleges are unaware of what the industry need, \"This gap should be reduced. Academia and students should come to know about the requirements of the industry and try to bridge them,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538607", "title": "BMC gets best civic body award", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik gave away the best civic body performer award to Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) for 2010-11 and 2011-12 here on Saturday marking the workshop. Cuttack Municipal Corporation (CMC) and Berhampur Municipal Corporation bagged second and third prizes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17540600", "title": "Cops turn table for David Guetta", "text": "PANAJI: The first in the series of 'police-public interactions' scheduled at Anjuna on Saturday failed to take off as the policemen were busy with other engagements including the DJ David Guetta show in Baga.The police department had announced a programme for December as part of the 'Community policing initiative' - meant to bridge the gap between police and citizens - and it was to kick-off at 4.30pm at Anjuna-Caisua village panchayat hall on Saturday.One of the major events which the police were busy with was the DJ David Guetta show which sources said was one of the reasons for getting the police-public interactive meet postponed.Police said that all the invitees to the meeting, were informed by them so as to avoid any inconvenience.\"The meeting was temporarily postponed and the next date will be decided on Monday,\" said North Goa SP Vijay Singh .It was clear that some people who wanted to go for it were unaware of the change in the programme.There was no announcement on Friday that the Saturday meeting had been postponed though the music programme was scheduled much earlier.Sources said there was no proper planning on the part of the police.In view of the ongoing tourism season, Goa police has decided to launch police-public interaction, specially in coastal areas. The purpose of such meetings is to address the grievances of public, make people understand about legal issues involved on a day-to-day basis.The officials of Goa state pollution control board were also invited for awareness building among villagers and shack and restaurant owners.The representatives from the areas of Vagator, Dabholkarvaddo, Bondirvaddo, Hudovaddo, Zorvaddo, Gaonwadi, Chivar, Mazalvaddo, Monteirovaddo, Peddem, St Anthony Praisvaddo, Arraisvaddo, and Nagoa were supposed to attend the meeting. Beat staff of areas concerned were asked to attend the meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17539998", "title": "Lok adalat settles over 680 cases in Madurai high court", "text": "MADURAI: The High Court Legal Services Committee of Madurai has settled nearly 50% of the cases it took up for hearing in 2012. Accordingly, 687 cases for Rs 20 crore have been disposed of in six lok adalats held in 2012.The Tamil Nadu State Legal Services Authority and the High Court Legal Services Committee jointly arranged lok adalats here to reduce the number of cases pending before the Madurai Bench of the Madras high court.Madurai has nearly one lakh pending cases including motor vehicle claims, insurance and cheque bounce cases.Accordingly, the first lok adalat took place on March this year, in which 158 cases were settled for Rs 6.4 crore. The second adalat held in June disposed of 132 cases for Rs 4.5 crore.Following it, the third and fourth lok adalats, held in October, amicably resolved 158 cases for Rs 5.6 crore and 13 cases for Rs 49 lakh respectively.The fifth lok adalat, held in November, solved 49 cases for Rs 1 crore.Listing 861 cases, the mega and last lok adalat of 2012 was successfully conducted in the Madurai Bench on Saturday. Retired judges of the Madras high court led the adalats with assistance from members including retired district judges in the seven court halls in the Bench.However, parties from both sides appeared in only 250 cases. Out of them, 150 cases for Rs 3 crore got disposed of at the end of the day. The settled cases include 16-year-old cases, said Dr K Arul, member secretary of the Tamil Nadu Legal Services Committee.The next mega lok adalat will take place at Madras high court on December 15, in which 1,500 cases have been listed, said the member secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542948", "title": "Indian Ocean combines music with a cause", "text": "It was a treat for fans of rock band Indian Ocean, who not only experienced a soulful performance but also became part of a concert which spread the message of volunteering for the betterment of society.The live concert Saturday night was at the Volunter Mela organized by non-governmental organisation VSO India, which aims at motivating volunteers to work in different sectors in the country.The band is known for it's popular song \"Bandeh\".The more one volunteers, the better one becomes, said Indian Ocean bass guitarist Rahul Ram, who volunteered to perform at the event. This itself was a rarity as concerts such as this are generally ticketted.\"I have been volunteering for things all my life and I think it's a great thing to do, to get people to volunteer, not just because you are doing good but because you are doing good for yourself,\" Ram told IANS.\"The more you learn about other people, others' lives, you become a better person. It helps you in your life, it helps you cope a lot . I think it's a great thing to encourage people to volunteer,\" he added.\"We are not raising any money through this concert because the whole idea is to put volunteering in the space where we want young people to come, and music is the best way to attract youth,\" Ratna Viswanathan, executive director, VSO India told IANS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17540620", "title": "The French lady who introduced me to Lambasinghi", "text": "An old French lady introduced me to Lambasinghi. Her name was Citroen. She was born in 1947 and somehow landed up in Kolkata in the mid-60s. My dad saw her in Kolkata and brought her to Vizag. The day she was expected home I waited on the Beach Road in eager anticipation. Then suddenly they were there. I couldn't help but admire her classic French looks. My eyes followed her elegant lines all the way from her bold front to her muscular sloping rear. Her proud 20-year-old, robust curvaceous body had not drooped with age. My dad was fond of bringing old cars home and putting them back into great shape and this Citroen saw many days of restoration before she hit the road in style and drew attention from many admirers.Sometime in the late 60s, some of the employees of Caltex, where my dad worked, decided to go to Lambasinghi by car. A motley bunch of cars set out for the journey. There were Fiats, a Jeep, a couple of Ambassadors and a Herald.Those days the roads were narrow and, in many parts, we had to drive through river beds as bridges were not yet built. We stayed one night at the Lambasinghi forest guest house, an imposing two-room structure with fireplaces and a large veranda that overlooked the lush valley between the Thajangi and Chintapalli roads. At the rear were a store and a smoky kitchen with a wood fire stove.When it was time to start back for Vizag, my dad said \"Our car is faster than the others, we will therefore start a little later and catch up with the others on the way\". That decision was the crucial factor in introducing me to Lambasinghi.Here is what happened. It was 5 pm. All the vehicles had left; the watchman was shutting down the guesthouse. My mom, dad and I got into the vehicle and we started backing out of the place. Then the car stopped abruptly with a grinding sound!We discovered after some examination that a \"universal joint coupling\" that connected the drive shafts to the wheels had given way. It was too late to do anything so we unloaded the vehicle and went back into the guesthouse. We thought we would attend to the repairs on the next day.But the repairs were complex. Being a foreign car with a front wheel drive did not make matters easy. For the next six days my dad shuttled by bus from Lambasinghi junction to Narsipatnam to fabricate roller bearings on a lathe machine.Food was a problem, but my mom was innovative and we managed with what little we got from a tiny store at the junction. I had my trusty Diana .22 calibre air rifle with which I brought back four or five doves each day for our protein needs. I hang my head in shame now to think that I had to kill these beautiful birds then. On day three, a couple of officials came looking for us in a jeep. Fortunately, they brought loaves of bread and some snacks that served us well indeed.As a child, that was when I discovered the hills and its wonderful people. It was so different then, the tribals barely had clothes to cover themselves. Their dwellings were very basic but built to keep them warm in winter. Their lifestyle so different from that of the city folk.For the last four decades, I have been visiting the area occasionally and have witnessed great changes in some areas of their lives whereas other facets have remained the same.In the recent past, Lambasinghi was in the news with regard to its very low temperatures. That's when I remembered my earliest visit there and the important role Citroen, the French Lady, played in introducing me to the area. We sold the car many years ago but I still remember her with great fondness and talking of Lambasinghi invariably reminds me of her.(The writer is an environmentalist and member of the Vizag chapter of Intach)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540456", "title": "Tollywood biggies\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 dirty \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcplot\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 exposed", "text": "HYDERABAD: A fresh inquiry conducted into the alleged gross irregularities in allotment of plots and memberships of the Film Nagar Cooperative Housing Society has pointed fingers at various personalities including former presidentof Film Nagar Housing Society V B Rajendra Prasad , actorturned-realtor Murali Mohan , actor Kaikala Satyanarayana and A Ramesh Prasad , managing director of Prasad Laboratories , in the sale , purchase , and transfer of the plots in the housing society.Shocked at the extent of irregularities , N Kiranmayee , person in-charge of Film Nagar Cooperative Housing Society and former district cooperative officer of Hyderabad , has recommended a high-level inquiry either by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) or Vigilance and Enforcement (V&E;) department . According to Kiranmayee , large-scale irregularities worth several croresin theformof land allotments have taken place and that many of the accused in question had resorted to forgery and cheating to get the plots in the upmarket Film Nagar.As per the society bylaws , each member can have only one plot . But some members own seven to eight plots in the names of their immediate family members and in benami names , the probe said . For instance , one of the members T Chinnappa Reddy (MS No 903) owns seven plots in the name of his wife, two daughters and mother .Heeven divided two plots and got them registered in his daughter's name . Chinnappa Reddy purchased the plot in 1996 but he applied for the society membership in 1997. The inquiry report said though Chinnappa Reddy claims to be a film producer , till date , he has not produced a single film .'Non-film industry members got plots'Hyderabad: Actor Murali Mohan, who also owns Jayabheri Arts Productions , reportedly holds eight plots in the name of his family members by claiming that they are part of Jayabheri Art Productions, the report said.The Film Nagar Cooperative Housing Society Ltd was established under AP Cooperative Societies Act of 1964 and the activities started later in 1970s. The first allotment of plots was done in 1982 and subsequently in 1991 and 1995, totalling nearly 100 acres. The inquiry report said the management committee of the society had failed to follow procedures and bylaws from the beginning both in admission of members and allotment of plots.The plots are meant for persons directly connected to the film industry but most of the owners are now from the non-film industry. The membership was given to those unconnected to the film industry without verifying their credentials , while several veterans in the industry are still in the queue for the membership, the inquiry report said. Even during the transfer of plots, the society failed to observe the norms. The bylaws of the society were flouted in almost all the transfers. Some plot holders in their sale deeds mentioned their occupation other than the film industry but in the membership applications , claimed to be part of it. The society had even permitted the individuals to purchase plots from others without having membership , the report said.Former president of the society VB Rajendra Prasad, who was president of the society for several years, was originally allotted a plot (No 67-A ). The plot was divided and one part was sold to Pushpa Haridas and another to her husband S Haridas, who were not eligible to become members. The inquiry also found fault with the managing committee for continuing him as president even after he sold away the two plots owned by him. This was in violation of the society rules which say that a person ceases to be a member once he sells his plot.Another famous actor Kaikala Satyanarayana sold 40 sq yards of 1,087 sq yards to a private person in 1997 and even constructed shops in deviation of the norms of the society . \"The plot is meant for residential purpose. But the member illegally converted the housing plot into commercial purpose and even wine shops are being run on the Film Nagar Society premises,\" the inquiry officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17540068", "title": "People unaware of community rights in FRA, says forum", "text": "NAGPUR: The Vidarbha Livelihood Forum (VLF) emphasized that the people were not aware of the community rights aspect of the Forest Rights Act in a discussion that was organized by it and was attended by Neelam Gorhe, a member of the state legislative council.VLF is a network of organizations working in Vidarbha on issue of natural resource management and pushing for awareness about the community forest rights.The members of VLF strongly criticized the government for taking a passive role in the implementation of the act. \"The act is for the tribal areas where the literacy rate is very low. The government should take proactive steps to ensure that people know about the act, but they don't,\" said Poornima Upadhyay of VLF.She added that the villagers not knowing about the \"act and its details was fine\", but the awareness about the act was so low that even government officials were in the dark about many of the nuances.Ajay Dolke, another VLF member added, \"As per act sub divisional committees cannot reject an application for community rights, it has to go to the district level committee. But we have examples in Yavatmal where the sub divisional committees have rejected applications.\"\"How do they expect the tribals to fill up 40 pages of documents, which many of the government employees themselves can't do,\" asked Upadhyay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17540309", "title": "Blood donation camp in Ranchi today", "text": "RANCHI: A blood donation camp under the \"Me to We\" social service initiative of Avaran Home will be organized at 10am on Sunday. The blood donation camp will focus on the participation of women donors.Owner of the showroom Murarilal Agarwal said, \"As the government is celebrating 'Bitiya Varsh' this year, we thought why women should stay behind in blood donation. Many women think that they are weak and cannot donate blood and we want to change the concept.\"He added team of doctors from Red Cross and CCL would be present at the camp who would conduct several tests and allow only those to donate blood who were physically fit. \"Last year almost 150 donors participated in the camp but we are expecting more this year,\" he said.Apart from organizing blood donation camps, the group also holds various programmes under the \"Me to We\" scheme. Agarwal said, \"We give financial help to need students, distribute clothes to poor people in winter and also raincoats among rickshaw pullers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17544913", "title": "I will only focus on Bollywood: Anangsha Biswas", "text": "Kolkata girl Anangsha Biswas talks about her first Bollywood film, her aspirations and moreAnangsha Biswas, who played the second lead in Kunal Kapoor-Huma Qureshi starrer Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana, was in Kolkata, where she grew up. CT caught up with the pretty lady.How did you land up a role in Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurrana? I am a Kolkata girl. I lived in Park Circus and went to Pratt Memorial and then Bhawanipur College, I wasn't very studious, you see. Instead I was more inclined towards the creative side. I learnt Kathak and classical music. I always wanted to be an actor, but did not know how to put it across to my jobholder parents as they would worry about security etc. Then I won the Kolkata round of a reality acting talent hunt show and went to Mumbai for the first time. I came back after getting eliminated. They were still not in favour, so I had to be a rebel and went to Mumbai where I started doing theatre. Director Sameer Sharma had seen this play of mine called Special Bond. He called me for audition and I was selected.How has life changed after the movie? People who consider me now for roles, know my calibre and talent. They don't treat me like an aspirant anymore. People who have seen my performance have given a very positive reaction. I had played a de-glam role in the movie. There was no-makeup and the director's brief was that not an inch of my skin should show. Even then when people say they liked my work, it means I have done my job right. It's flattering.You started out with a de-glam role of a Bengali widow. Are you ok with doing bold roles in the future? Totally. Even on the sets people would tell me that how could I look so hot in a simple white sari! Being hot for a Bengali girl is not that difficult (winks). But I would just not want to depend on being hot, because that means I am only there till the next hot girl makes her entry. I would just want to concentrate on my acting.Tell us about your experience of working with Kunal and Huma... Kunal is a very hardworking man and is very down-to-earth. We used to be like family while shooting for the film last December. We would all stay under one roof , work out in the gym together or just chat. Thus the chemistry showed on-screen. I was more close to Huma. She is a very nice girl. Either she would be found in my room or I in hers as we shared the same passion for cinema and food. People say two ladies can never be friends , but between me and Huma there was no insecurity, as we were sure about our talents.Did you also get to meet Anurag Kashyap, who was producing the movie? Yes , I met him at Chittagong's premiere. He complimented me on a scene in the movie where Rahul Bagga, who was paired opposite me, drops me home in a jeep. I go to my room and look at him out of the window. There are two-three layers of emotion in the scene. Anurag came up to me and said it was his favourite scene from the movie. It was sweet of him to do that. I feel he is a very approachable man and is very good to talk to. I do want to work with him in the future as people say he is an actor's director and knows how to get the best out of you.What are your future plans? I will only focus on Bollywood; it's my priority. But since Bengali is my mother tongue and Bengali films are really doing well, I too want to be a part of the industry. I am, at present, reading some scripts and am in talks for some Bengali projects.What's your aim in life? I want to be like a mix of Madhubala and Smita Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17541164", "title": "Lax administrative mars public grievance panel\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s work", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan redressal of public grievances (RPG) committee has pointed out administrative laxities in the ongoing 'prashashan shahron ke sangh' camps in major cities. The committee has written to chief minister Ashok Gehlot for his intervention in ensuring that people's problems, especially those related to land ownerships, are resolved without hassles, as had been intended through these camps.RPG committee chairman Mumtaz Masih has reported that government officials and employees were absenting themselves from these camps, defeating the objective of redressing issues under a single roof, said sources. It has been highlighted that people are forced to make several trips to the camps as the authorities have failed to depute work for officers who are on leave.It has been reported that the JDA and JMC officials were coming to the camps without necessary official records, as such the aggrieved people are returning home disappointed and bitter. Still another problem highlighted to the chief minister includes the previous governments' decisions about adopting different land regularisation parameters for people from different communities, particularly in matters where the lands were granted by the exrulers , said sources.The committee has urged the chief minister to get some 'advisors' deputed at the camps to assist the illiterate and the disabled. The panel's nominated members are already assisting such persons, still the government assistance has been sought considering the huge turnout of aggrieved people at these camps, which are being organised all over the state.As the state assembly elections are due next year, the poll wary Congress government asked the committee to assist people and monitor functioning of the camps that would be run till December 25. The committee was supposed to write a factual report on the camps after their conclusion, but considering the problems being faced by large number of people, the chairman decided to apprise the chief minister while the camps were still on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17540433", "title": "No white ants in ANC malkhana, CBI counters cops", "text": "PANAJI: In a slap on the face to the Goa police, the central bureau of investigations (CBI) has told the Mapusa-based NDPS court that the drugs missing from the anti-narcotics cell's malkhana (safe) were not eaten by white ants as claimed by the state police department two years ago.Relying on the report of an entomologist from the Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR), the CBI has told the court that \"the place (malkhana) was never visited by white ants\".It further stated that the entire catchment of drugs from the ANC's malkhana had been sent to the central forensic science laboratory, Hyderabad, for quantity and content examination, and the interim report had disclosed deficient quantity of drugs in the malkhana.The CBI is investigating three police-drug mafia nexus cases. Suspended ANC PSI Sunil Gudlar, under CBI custody since March 6, 2011, was the custodian of the malkhana. The CBI has told the court that in one of the cases some packets (of drugs) were found opened and empty during the panchanama conducted by the Goa police's CID wing. The cases were transferred to the CBI from the Goa police following high court directions.The CBI further told the court that Gudlar in connivance with other ANC officials had filed a false case against alleged Israeli drug dealer David Driham alias Dudu. Dudu was arrested by ANC sleuths in Anjuna on February 2, 2010, while allegedly delivering drugs to a customer.A sting operation conducted subsequently by Dudu's sister and girlfriend led to Gudlar's suspension. It is suspected that the drugs allegedly recovered from Dudu may have been siphoned off from the ANC malkhana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539973", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSpace tourism has limited option in India as it lacks neccessary facilities\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Veteran scientist N Sivasubramanian is a well known face in the space industry. He has received many awards including the President's Award for developing high precision instruments. In recognition of his contribution to space sciences, Nasa inscribed his name on a chip that has been used in the Mars rover Curiosity. The premier space agency in the world has honoured him further by sending his photograph on-board their space shuttles Discovery, Endeavor and also the Atlas.In an interview to TOI he spoke at length about his rare achievement.Q. Your name has been inscribed on a chip used in Nasa's Mars rover to honour your contribution. What do you think about it?A. Well, I was one of the scientists who helped develop the chip. The names of many other contributors and well wishers also are inscribed on it. As an individual I gave my suggestions for the project and helped them in overcoming certain hindrances. Many others could have given their suggestions. Some of them might have been accepted, some not.Q. Do you think the rover, Curiosity, will succeed in discovering life on Mars?A. My answer is a definite yes. Basically, it has eleven sophisticated instruments which are working very efficiently. Though there has been no official declaration by Nasa, according to some sources the readings are pretty good, indicating the presence of life. Liquid methane has been found. Though we are not expecting very evolutionised complex life, we are optimistic about finding simple basic life forms like a bacterial cell.Q. What has been your experience working with APJ Abdul Kalam ?A. He is a very insightful person. He has amazing leadership qualities and is a great motivator. One thing I appreciate about him is that he thinks globally. Not only has he applied this technology to space but has extended it in every field possible like medicine, agriculture, etc.Q. What is the scope for commercial space travel or space tourism?A. It is a feasible option, but research needs to be done on its reliability. India doesn't make even commercial aircrafts, so space tourism in India is a limited option. We don't have the facilities.Q. Are you in favour of privatizing space industry?A. Well there are ups and downs of both. It is a good option but before letting private companies into fray, issues related to national security must be taken into consideration. Management can get impatient to get the results and also may become obsessed with the cost factor. Thus, it is neccesary to ensure that no compromise is made with security, transparency and accountability of the project.Q. The problem posed by large amount of space junk orbiting around the planet is becoming a matter of concern. How to control it?A. Space debris are truly a menace. It is regulated by International Space Agency. Mechanisms are being developed to destroy it in space itself. Although the trajectory of these debris can't be controlled, it can be tracked. Hence, proper precautions can be taken.Q. Are Drones or Unmanned Aerial Vehicle a destructive use of space technology?A. It's a political question, can't comment on it. But any negative usage should be restricted.Q. China has already sent man to space. Is India, lagging behind?A. Just because our neighbour has done it and we should follow suit doesn't make sense to me. India has other pressing issues to deal with. We need to set our priorities right and not give in to competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17540217", "title": "India awaits Malik with host of issues", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will press Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik , due to pay an official visit here from December 14-16, for dates of the proposed ministry of home affairs team's visit to Pakistan for finalizing terms of reference (ToR) of the second Pakistani judicial commission that seeks to cross-examine key 26/11 witnesses here.India had proposed the MHA team's Pakistan visit over three weeks ago and sought an assurance from top law officers of the neighbouring country regarding admissibility of evidence to be gathered by the second judicial panel. The assurance, home ministry sources told TOI, was felt necessary as the information collected by the first Pakistani judicial panel from the four key 26/11 witnesses \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the magistrate who recorded executed 26/11 attacker Ajmal Kasab's statement, the 26/11 investigating officer and two doctors who conducted post-mortem on the nine slain terrorists \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was rejected by the Pakistani courts. The court said the information had little \"evidential value\" as the witnesses had not been cross-examined.An MHA official on Saturday confirmed that Malik's will be a full-fledged official visit, with a delegation of senior officers traveling along with him to assist in bilateral engagement that will cover the entire gamut of issues relating to internal security, particularly terrorism, action against 26/11 perpetrators based in Pakistan and pending red-corner notices. The visit will see operationalization of the new Indo-Pak visa regime, under which multi-city visas can be issued for up to five cities.Sources said the itinerary for Malik's visit is likely to be finalized on Monday. It will be recalled that the Pakistani interior minister had expressed his desire to visit the Taj Mahal and the shrine of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti in Ajmer.President seeks cordial relations with PakistanIndia wants a conducive atmosphere to be created to tackle 'more complex and difficult issues' with Pakistan, President Pranab Mukherjee told a visiting Pakistani parliamentary delegation. \"India desires friendly and cooperative relations with Pakistan... an appropriate conducive atmosphere needs to be created to tackle the more complex, difficult issues,\" Mukherjee said when a delegation led by Chairman of Pakistan's Senate Syed Nayyar Hussain Bokhari called on him at the Rashtrapati Bhavan on Friday. He welcomed efforts to achieve full normalization of bilateral trade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17539588", "title": "Annu Kumari indoor games champ of Patna Women's College", "text": "PATNA: The sight could not have been more spectacular: march past, aerobic performances and group dance to the accompaniment of dandiya beats by young girls exuding confidence and poise. The occasion was the annual sports meet of Patna Women's College, on Saturday.Winners of a number of indoor and outdoor games such as badminton , carrom board, table tennis, chess and track and field events, including throws, jumps and races held earlier were awarded on the occasion. The indoor championship was bagged by Annu Kumari of BA (III). The best players in outdoor games were Ankita of BCA (III) in basket ball, Nishi of BSc (II) in kho kho, Swapnil Rahee of BA (II) in kabaddi, Sindhu Nidhi of BSc (I) in cricket and Ignacia of BCom (I) in throw ball.The 400m race was won by Swati of BA (I) while Smriti Priyadarshini, also of BA (I), outran other contestants in sack race. The novel three-legged race and bottle-balance race piqued the audience's interest. BA (III) students came first in the relay race while cycle race was also won by Priti Kumari of BA (III).DGP Abhayanand, who was the chief guest on the occasion, appreciated the sportsman spirit of the girls and said they were a privileged lot who had the opportunity to study in a premier institution of the city. \"For everyone of you, there are a hundred girls who didn't get a similar chance and it is your duty to think about them as well. It is a debt that you should pay back by taking care of others,\" he said.The college faculty put in their best efforts to prepare the students. Also, specialized trainers, including Yogendra Dube, had been hired to make the event a success. Following the adage \"Practice makes a man perfect\", the collegians had been toiling in the sun for over a month to give their best performances on the D-Day.Announcers Prof Stuti Prasad, Prof Sharan Saheli and Prof Ragini Ranjan kept the audience engaged with their commentary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538698", "title": "Naveen Patnaik opens Child Art Exhibition", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik inaugurated International Child Art Exhibition on the occasion of Silpi Divas at Jaydev Bhawan here on Saturday. The exhibition features art works of 800 child artists from various countries including USA, UK, Switzerland, Thailand and Romania .The children's works portray tribal art, gods and goddesses, city life, child labour, heritage, pattachitra, environment, birds and animals, festivals and rural life. \"We want to include Silpi Divas as a major event in the art calendar of the state. We are focusing on child artists as the exhibition can provide them a platform to share ideas and get inspired,\" said Tarakant Parida of Modern Art Gallery. The exhibition has been jointly organized by Modern Art Gallery, ministry of culture and Odisha Lalit Kala Academy.Eminent personalities from different fields were felicitated on the occasion like Priyambada Mohanty Hejmadi for dance, Shyamamani Devi for music, Durga Prasad Das for visual art and Gopal Chandra Patnaik for theatre.An art workshop and artists' camp has also been organized as part of the event, in which over 50 artists from across the state are participating. An exhibition of their art work will be held at New Delhi in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17541228", "title": "Pakistani migrants set to settle in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: The 324 Hindu migrants from Pakistan, who had been staying in Ellenabad (Sirsa ) for 20 years and had shifted to Jodhpur (Rajasthan) two days back and are hoping to get citizenship here soon following assurance from the state Intelligence department on Saturday.They have been assured of permanent stay and citizenship and can live in Jodhpur without freely.\"We have assured them to stay here comfortably without getting being scared\" , told ADG (Intelligence) D S Dinkar, who had visited these people on Saturday . He said that we have started surveying these people and after that will take up the issue with the intelligence of Haryana for the extension of their visa.Expressing sympathy with these people, Dinkar said they have many problems on account of not having citizenship of India. \"We will pave the way for the process of their permanent stay and then citizenship and have assured them to eliminate all the bureaucratic hurdle in this process ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539528", "title": "Water Adalat t Kottanur Dinne from 9.30am to 10am", "text": "BWSSB will hold Water Adalat for South-2 sub-divison on Monday at Kottanur Dinne from 9.30am to 10am. Consumers coming under the jurisdiction of JP Nagar-2, Kottanur Dinne, Khodichikkanahalli service station limits can participate. 22238888BWSSB will hold grievance meet from 7am to 9.30am on Monday at Mysore road, Banshankari, HBR Layout, MEI Layout, Malleswaram, Rajajinagar, Machalibetta, CLR and Mount Joy service stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539718", "title": "Should Mumbai build castles in the air?", "text": "In Mumbai, a city where dreams supposedly come true, the rich will soon be able to create the illusion of penthouses floating on the sea. But are super high-rises the right way up for the city? That was the subject of the session 'Skyline', where architect Rahul Mehrotra, lawyer Gautam Patel, artist Jitish Kallat and builder Abhisheck Lodha (pictured L-R) constructed arguments that ranged from government regulation to civic participation to laissez-faire development.After the preliminaries, the debate gathered steam with Lodha giving his sales pitch for towers. \"The distinction that is sought to be created between the haves and have-nots is not true: I am yet to come across a person who does not desire good living. We are an entrepreneurial, business, growth oriented city... The answer lies not in building less, but building more for more people to live well.\"Patel, the moderator, thought there were two ways of looking at the issue. \"One, there is a demand for better living and you (builders) are providing the means to do that. But there are those who say you abstract yourself from the city altogether. Your ads promise a life up there amongst the clouds. What you are delivering to the city is an escape route from the city, not a means of living with it or of changing it. Is that fair?\"Lodha concurred with Patel, taking the audience by surprise. \"I agree. These are escapes. But shall we curb aspiration? Or do we make the pool of opportunity larger?\"Look at what Abhisheck Lodha is saying, said Patel, before proceeding to strip the builder's words of all but the starkest economic meaning. \"Less planning. Less regulation. Let the market decide. Meet the aspirations of a growing, upwardly mobile middle class. Rahul (Mehrotra), where do you think-as a planner-this will lead us?\"Mehrotra, in language befitting a Harvard don (which he is), said, \"It really points to conflicts... and how we as a society can resolve these in the disparate imaginations of the city. The clash of narratives is between creating a global city-and the repertoire that goes with it: flyovers to incredible airports-and building civil society, the repertoire of which will be institutional structures and questions of equity. The people engaged in juxtaposing the two narratives often are blind to the questions of form and therefore to the questions of skyline.\"The debate raged on, till artistic sensibility seemed to win the day. Speaking of alternatives, Kallat said technology will perhaps pave the way for a future where high-rises would be redundant. How about logging on from a log cabin? No debating this...", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17539926", "title": "Woman saved from drowning in cooling pond", "text": "BOKARO: A 26-year-old woman in a bid to end her life jumped in to the deep water of cooling pond in front of the Bokaro General Hospital but was immediately rescued by local residents bathing there on Saturday.The woman has been admitted to the critical care unit (CCU) of the hospital by police. Her condition is said to be critical. Police are investigating the reason which prompted her to commit suicide. \"After the preliminary investigation, we have only come to know that the woman Bulbul Jha is a resident of Sector-IV/F,\" said Surender Singh, officer in charge of Sector-IV police station.Although the local people saved her from drowning, none came to police to narrate the incident. \"Her parents have been informed,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "london , dec. 9 (ani)", "code": "17543509", "title": "Brad Pitt sparks fight with Angelina Jolie over love for guns", "text": "London , Dec. 9 (ANI): Brad Pitt , who became \"fascinated\" by weapons since playing a hitman in his recent movie 'Killing Them Softly,' has started a fight with his fiance Angelina Jolie over his new passion for guns.In the new movie, the 48-year-old actor is seen wreaking -havoc with a variety of firearms.And Pitt is now so keen on guns that he has become a regular at a private Los Angeles firing range, where he uses a Mossberg 500 \"Cruiser\" shotgun -exactly like the one he has in the film, the Daily Star reported.The Mossberg is so highly regarded as a tactical -weapon that the M590 -model is used by the US Marines' Fleet Anti-terrorism -Security Team in combat.A source close to Pitt said: \"He's really hooked.\"But Jolie is said to be \"furious and frightened\" over his newfound love of weapons.\"She refuses to let him keep them in any of their homes,\" a friend said.\"And she has banned Brad from setting up a practice range in the grounds of their Hollywood Hills -mansion,\" the friend said. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17539796", "title": "Data centre row gets new lease of life", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government's decision to hand over the management of the State Information Infrastructure (SII), comprising the state data centre and three network operating centres, to Keltron was taken after cancelling an earlier decision to renew the contract with Reliance. IT department sources confirmed that IT minister P K Kunhalikutty and chief minister Oommen Chandy had signed the initial order, extending the Reliance contract for six more months from December 10.The ministers were cautioned about the contract extension as it would have been interpreted as an endorsement of a decision by the previous government. \"The argument of the previous government was that Keltron didn't have the necessary expertise to run the SII. If we entrust the same work to Reliance again, it would be like buying that argument. Keltron gave us a fresh request on September 4 to give them the management of SII and we acted on that,\" said a source.Keltron managing director C Prasanna Kumar said the PSU has the required expertise to manage the centre. \"We have bid for management of hardware and maintenance of server and networking equipment at the data centre. Keltron was part of the operation of state data centre from its initial days,\" he said.The new Rs 5.15-crore contract will also offer employment opportunities for around 40 BTech graduates as Keltron plans to immediately recruit manpower required to maintain the SII.In 2008, when V S Achuthanandan was handling the IT department, Keltron had put forth a proposal for handling the SII. The letter of Captain O P Dua to the chief minister through the industries minister on May 3, 2008, clearly said that Keltron had the expertise of providing data centre solution in major projects. \"Moreover, providing data centre solution is a major part of many new projects bagged by Keltron, including the IGVTDC project of the Calcutta police and the CGRAPS project for Pune municipality,\" Dua had written.He also claimed that Keltron had a dedicated team for GNU-Linux server management and members having exposure to Windows server management.Joseph C Mathew, IT advisor to the then chief minister, said Keltron didn't get the contract as it was not willing to participate in the tender. \"The work was awarded to Reliance through a process of competitive tender. Keltron was not directly given the work as we were a little sceptical of its expertise,\" he said.However, with Kunhalikutty and Chandy accepting the arguments of Keltron andthe work being allotted to the PSU, the controversy over data centre allotment to Reliance is likely to be re-ignited. The UDF will use it as a political weapon in the Assembly session, starting on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "17540413", "title": "Now, chat with counsellors to clarify admission related doubts", "text": "MANIPAL: Now, aspirants of various courses offered by Manipal University can clarify their doubts related to admission procedure through chat.Candidates from across the world can chat with 10 counsellors attached to Manipal University regarding queries about admission process. This service will be a boon for candidates who submit application forms for various courses online.The university will conduct Online Entrance Test (OET) at 50 centres in different parts of the country for 332 courses in 18 streams from April 15 to May 15.Chetana Bekal, management executive, admissions of Manipal University, told STOI that the live chat facility was introduced two years ago and usually candidates login to chat with counsellors to clarify doubts related to fee structure and eligibility criteria.\"One counsellor can handle multiple queries at a time. Counsellors will be available for live chat every day during work hours of the university except on holidays. Chat service is an alternative forum for candidates who are unable to contact the university authorities due to high call rates,\" Chetana added.The university receives many phone calls during admission times, particularly from foreign and non-resident Indian (NRI) candidates. At present, more than 2,000 foreign students from 55 countries are pursuing various courses here.Candidates can log on to www.manipal.edu to chat with counsellors.KSOU opens regional centre in UdupiUDUPI: The Karnataka State Open University (KSOU) opened its regional centre in Udupi district recently. KSOU will offer admissions to BA, MA, B.Com and M.Com courses and also provide study material. This centre has seven study centres.KP Mahalingaiah, director KSOU regional centre, Udupi, said for the past few years, KSOU has been receiving around 450 to 500 applications every year from this region. This year, more than 800 candidates from the district have already taken admissions for four courses, he added.\"Earlier, aspirants of correspondence courses in Udupi had to travel either to Mangalore or Karwar for admissions. But now KSOU will provide all the services in Udupi. Students can even submit their assignments here,\" he said.At present, KSOU has 21 regional centres across the state. It will provide 25 per cent concession in fee for all the courses for candidates living below the poverty line. This year, admission for four courses will be offered in this new centre and from next year, admissions for more courses will be offered, Mahalingaiah said.Candidates can apply on or before December 31 to KSOU regional centre, Udupi, Sri Rama Mandir, #5/37 - E, Mahatma Gandhi Memorial College, Kunji Bettu, Udupi - 576102. Phone: 0820 - 2522247. Website: www.ksoumysore.edu.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538787", "title": "Wanted criminal held", "text": "LUCKNOW: A seasoned criminal who escaped from police custody in 2006 was caught from Mahanagar area on Saturday evening around 4.30 p.m.Mafrur Jarar, carrying a cash reward of Rs 10,000 on his head after he escaped from police custody from district session court, was nabbed by policemen near Nishatganj tempo stand on Saturday.Jarar was awarded life imprisonment by court for murder of an eight-year-old boy Khalid, after his abduction from Saadatganj area in 2006. Jarar managed to give police the slip when he was taken to court for trial.A resident of Sandila area in Hardoi district, Jarar had changed his identity and was running a small-time business in Delhi for the past five years, said the police. TOI had highlighted on December 8 the issue of hardcore criminals escaping from court premises giving to police the slip.Inter-state gang busted: Members of an inter-state auto lifting gang were caught by the special operations group of Lucknow police on Friday night from Chinhat area with the help of the local police. The gang has a network across several states including Haryana, Delhi, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.Police stopped a car and jeep near Babu Banarsi Das University on Faizabad road on Friday. The police team asked the drivers to show registration papers of the motor vehicles and the three men in the motor vehicles were not able to produce the documents. On being pressed the trio confessed that along with other members of the gang they stole the car from Ghaziabad and Bolero from Madhya Pradesh.The three accused (Rae Bareli resident Geetanand Yadav, Mathura resident Rakesh Singh and Agra resident Hridesh) told police that they used local agents and contacts to get forged registration papers of the motor vehicles and sold them. The police said close to 15 miscreants from different states are members of the gang. Moreover, Gosainganj and Sarojininagar police teams in separate operations caught auto lifters from their areas on Saturday.Meanwhile, a 26-yr-old woman died under mysterious circumstances near SGPGIMS. The deceased was identified as Sangeeta Rawat, a widow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17539612", "title": "Varsity administration gears up for PUSU poll", "text": "PATNA: Patna University officials are busy making preparations for peaceful election on Tuesday for the 24 offices of the Patna University Students' Union (PUSU), being held after a lapse of approximately three decades. The varsity has already received the required number of ballot boxes from the district administration and the same would be delivered to different booths on Monday.All the colleges and faculties have finalized the names of teachers and non-teaching staff to be engaged for polling and counting of votes, said PU students' welfare dean K N Paswan.The university election committee has organized an open-house debate for all presidential candidates at Patna Science College grounds on Monday, where they could spell out their poll agenda and convince the electorate about their programmes and policies.All the student organizations affiliated to different political parties took out colourful processions and paraded different colleges and postgraduate departments of the university. On several occasions, the processions taken out by two rival organizations came across each other, but they showed utmost restraint and marched ahead peacefully. In each college, all the organizations as well as \"independents\" displayed their hand written banners and posters at prescribed places.Use of printed posters and vehicles in electioneering is not allowed as per the election code of conduct. The contestants also contacted their voters in hostels, libraries, canteens, roadside tea stalls and private lodges and appealed for votes.The candidates would confine their campaigning to the hostels only on Sunday as they would not get students in the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538450", "title": "Bus clusters way off target", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government's promise of a robust private cluster bus system seems to be headed for another failure. Months after the government had promised that 1,000 cluster buses would be plying on city roads, only a little over 300 buses are currently running under this scheme. Delhi integrated multi-modal transit system (DIMTS), the agency managing the cluster buses, is planning to add around 100 buses by this month-end, still far short of the target set by the transport department earlier this year.It's not the first time that the government has failed to deliver on its promise as regards the cluster scheme. When the scheme was launched last year, the government had claimed that it would get 11,000 buses to meet the city's public transport needs. Of this, around 60% was to be through the bus cluster scheme, while the rest was to be met by the Delhi Transport Corporation (DTC) buses.After many delays and controversies, the Sheila Dikshit government finally launched the scheme in May last year. The erstwhile transport minister Arvinder Singh decided to change the ratio of cluster buses in the public transport scheme to 60-40, with the majority of buses to come from DTC. At the time, the government had promised that 1,000 buses would ply under the cluster scheme by December 2012.As of now, there are around 300 cluster buses operating on ground. Earlier in September, DIMTS had launched cluster 2, with a fleet of over 20 buses. According to a DIMTS official, the agency planned to launch all 232 buses in cluster 2 by the end of this year. However, the number has now come down to 133. Of the 17 clusters that were to be operational under the scheme, only 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 are currently running. Clusters 6 to 9 have been in the offing for several months now.Senior government officials admitted that the target of 1,000 buses was hard to meet. \"The cluster buses are facing problems as there is no depot space. Once the depots are made available, more buses can be brought into service,\" said an official. However, new deport space at Kajhawala, Sunehri and Kushak Nullah have already been made available.Increasing CNG prices have also played truant with the scheme. \"With the prices going up, the per kilometer rate had to be revised. But since the volume of buses and routes operational are small, the revenue is not keeping pace,\" said an official. According to DIMTS, the cluster buses run with 99% efficiency, generating revenue of around Rs 7,800-8,000 per bus per day. However, it's too early to speak on the numbers, said a source, as the whole fleet is not operational yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17540284", "title": "'Tanker caught fire from nearby dhabha'", "text": "PANCHKULA: A Hindustan Petroleum oil tanker loaded with 20,000 litres of petrol caught fire on NH 73 between Panchkula and Naraingarh. The tanker was parked near a roadside food joint near Ramgarh when it suddenly went up in flames around 8:30am.Truck driver Saied Raja and dhaba owner Mohan Lal escaped from the spot. They came back when the fire brigade was at work. According to S K Gosain, senior station fire officer from Chandigarh, \"Prima facie, it appears that when fuel was leaking or transferred, it caught fire from the kitchen of the nearby dhaba. It cannot not be ruled out that fuel caught fire when it was being transferred.\" Rules specify that the seal of an oil tanker can only be opened after it reaches its destination, he explained. DCP (Panchkula) Parul Kush Jain said, \"The circumstances under which the tanker caught fire are being investigated.\"Police have registered a criminal case against truck driver Saied Rajja for negligence. He was arrested. A case was registered at the Chandimandir police station.Huge Loss: HPPawan Kumar from Hindustan Petroleum said, \"Around 6,000 liters of petrol was gutted and 14,000 liters was transferred to another tanker. Strict action will be taken against the truck driver and his associates.\" HP representatives arrived at the spot after around three hours of the incident. Members of the rescue team headed by Vinod Kumar of Indian Oil had arrived by thenBravery DisplayedFour youth including Amit, Bhupinder, Gurjinder and Amit (namesake), joined rescue operations, assisting the fire brigade team to the end despite the raging inferno", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "17539216", "title": "55-year-old 'tantrik' gets 10 years' jail for raping 17-year-old girl", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: An additional sessions judge in Kurukshetra on Friday sentenced a 55-year-old 'tantrik' to 10 years' imprisonment for abducting and raping a 17-year-old girl. Police had arrested the accused, Ved Parkash, a resident of village Arjehari in Karnal, on April 10, 2012, for raping the girl, a resident of Kurukshetra district. The girl said, \"Ved Parkash told my father that some evil spirits had entered my body and I need to be exorcised. He used to light a lamp and used to make me sit throughout the day and night in front of it. One day he gave me water to drink, after which I lost consciousness and he raped me.\" Parkash had also abducted the girl on April 5 and raped her many times till police rescued her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543186", "title": "Between arrival and departure", "text": "Writer Tania James talks about the strange and wonderful influences on her stories \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from chanced-upon radio programmes to a misplaced nostalgia.Tania James does not have an obviously Indian name. But the imprint of India in her works has earned her praise as a \"refreshingly authentic voice\". Her first novel, Atlas of Unknowns (2009), was hailed as an \"insightful study of leave-taking and homecoming\". Aerogrammes, her new collection of short stories published in May this year already has critics comparing her to the masters of the craft. The immigrant experience \u00e2\u20ac\u201d her parents moved to the United States from Kerala \u00e2\u20ac\u201d influences much of her writing, but she cannot remember ever suffering from any kind of NRI angst. \"In fact, as a kid, I was probably more afflicted by the other end of the NRI spectrum of emotion, which is misplaced nostalgia. I do feel a strong emotional connection, but more than this, I'm just really curious about India and that's perhaps what keeps me coming back,\" she says. We hear her novel involves 'wild elephants and those who tangle with them'. Excerpts from an interview...They say first novels are mostly autobiographical. How far is that true in your case? Looking back, I was probably pushing against that expectation, by choosing to write about characters and settings that felt somehow distant to me in many ways. Still the book is full of details taken from my own experiences, family anecdotes, etc, none of which really propel the plot. In a way, all of my fiction is autobiographical; I'm constantly drawing from my own life, though not always directly.In Atlas of Unknowns, one of the most moving descriptions is of a girl from Kumarakom, Kerala, trying to fit into the bewildering, alien and sophisticated milieu of New York . Have you ever struggled to fit in anywhere, especially in the US?I suspect most writers have that 'outsidery' sense; it's what gives us the vantage to write about the world. In the section you mentioned, Anju is 17, an age at which fitting in, especially within the sealed biodome that is school, is a high stakes issue. I'm sure I felt that way in high school as well, though I wasn't burdened by the same level of cultural insecurity that she feels, as there were eight Indian-American students in our class of 45, a relatively high percentage. In other words, being Indian was no big deal. My insecurity had more to do with the big, ugly minivan that my sister and I took to school every day, rather than ethnicity.The stories in Aerogrammes present a wide variety of people, places, and times. Was there a lot of research involved? Is there an interesting story behind the birth of one of the short stories? The greatest amount of research went into Lion &amp; Panther in London , which concerns two Punjabi wrestlers at the turn of the 20th century. What to do with Henry, which concerns an abandoned chimpanzee, began with a radio programme I had heard about a chimpanzee who had been raised with a human family and then, as an adult, was donated to a zoo.There are many such stories of human-raised wild animals, who actually believe themselves to be human. That dual identity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d of man and animal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was fascinating to me. You were a student of filmmaking at Harvard . If one of your stories were to be made into a film, would you (like Salman Rushdie ) like to actively participate in it? Sure! The Rushdie-Deepa Mehta team seems an unbeatable combo. I can't wait to see Midnight's Children.Which events of your childhood do you find yourself frequently revisiting? Do any of them involve India? I can't think of any singular event, but I do often revisit sibling and family relationships. I think I'll always be compelled by the theatre of family, and the coexistence of deep love and loyalty with darker elements, like resentment, jealousy, secrecy.  Of the two figures of the reader and the storyteller, whom do you identify with more? That's a really good question, and I'm afraid I can't give you a straightforward answer. I will say that over the years, my reader self has been over-contaminated by my storyteller self. While reading, I find myself focusing on how the storyteller did what she did, trying to deconstruct the story. But a very good story will turn off my storyteller side, so that I'm consumed by the book, and it's such a pleasure to be purely and completely a reader. We heard that you got married recently, and there were some Bollywood elements in the proceedings. Would you like to tell us about it? Ha! Well, in America, they say that the wedding is the bride's one day to feel like a princess. I'd say, for Indian-American weddings, it's the bride's one day to feel like Madhuri Dixit . So yes , let's just say there was a dance number involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17539367", "title": "Anandnagar murder: Three held from Nepal border", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city police investigating the murder of a 50-year old woman in a bungalow near Shyamal crossroads last month caught three suspects in the case including Rohit, a young cook who worked with the family for a short period.Madhu Agarwal, 50, a resident of Dhananjay Bungalows near Shyamal Crossroads, was found dead by her son on November 26 at their residence at 4.30 pm. She was stabbed 42 times on her back, neck, chest and stomach and was declared brought dead when taken to a nearby hospital.As Manali, a domestic help with the family for more than a year, was missing from the residence, police named her as the main suspect in the case along with Rohit, a cook who worked for a few months with the family in 2012.JH Jalu, inspector of Anandnagar police station, said that the city police teams were searching Jharkhand and Bihar for the suspects.\"We had collaborated with the local police to find out the suspects in the case. Meanwhile, they got information from Champaranya district bordering Nepal that a group was planning to cross the border and a youth was named Rohit. Working on this, the team rushed on the spot and caught Rohit and two others who were accompanying him,\" he said.Investigators added that the trio will be brought to the city on Tuesday after which more information can be obtained.A senior official involved with the case said that it is not an arrest and simply the process of verification as Rohit's name had emerged during the investigation.Officials also added that they have not got any information on Manali. \"Our main point of questioning is motive of murder and whether the assailants managed to rob anything from the house,\" said an investigator.Earlier, investigators had camped at Bareilly in Uttar Pradesh and Ranchi in Jharkhand and had virtually hit a dead-end as they had not been able to get the address or phone numbers of the suspects from the recruiting agency that had sent them to work in Ahmedabad.Sources said that the investigators followed the digital surveillance route and asked their counterparts in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar to keep an eye on the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543249", "title": "The 140 character complaint", "text": "A tweet or a Facebook post is a force to reckon with, as Audi learnt last fortnight. In this age of say-it-as-it-is, are big brands prepared to face the heat?On the morning of November 23, digital entrepreneur Vishal Gondal posted a Facebook update about his luxury car that read: \"My Audi Q7 has been stolen/misused by Audi India...\" He also posted GPS data which revealed that his car had been taken for a joyride from its Kalina-based service centre from the dead of the night to the wee hours of the morning. While the India head of the German luxury automobile manufacturer Michael Perschke responded to Gondal on Twitter eight hours later, the service centre tried to defend itself; they sent Gondal CCTV footage of an Audi parked in their centre that night, but the video didn't show its number plate. They also sent him their entry log \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the car never left the garage, the GPS device must have, they seemed to say. According to Mahesh Murthy, CEO of digital marketing agency Pinstorm, Audi went wrong on several counts. First, the response time \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a critical metric when measuring brand response on social media \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was too long. \"Then, (Audi) went on the defensive saying they weren't at fault when the complainant had the required proof.\" What followed was negative publicity for Audi, the fastest growing luxury car brand in the country. On a social media platform, says Murthy, \"A brand mustn't only think of the complainant, but also of the other 1,000 views which could include potential customers. When you mollify a complainant, you're doing the same thing to all other viewers too.\" Here's a taste of the sword's other edge: two days later, Vishal Gondal, managing director of Disney UTV Digital, posted a picture on Facebook of him standing next to a new BMW Mini India Cooper S. He captioned it: \"Thanks BMW India for sending me the Mini India Cooper S Countryman... will this be the new bat-mobile??\" Instantly, tweets rang out in praise of the 'coup' Gondal had pulled off and BMW's on-theball behaviour.Luxury brands, from fashion to food, realise the power of social media in connecting with consumers and creating awareness of new products. Luxe Italian menswear brand Zegna now uploads India-specific content on its Facebook page, which is immediately visible to Indian users. When faced with customer gripes, some brands like UK-based luxury concierge services Quintessentially and New Delhi headquartered Genesis Luxury (which owns the distribution rights to international brands Jimmy Choo , Armani and Bottega Veneta ), ask users to reach them via email. Others like KA Hospitality, which looks after restaurants Hakkasan and Yauatcha, send out apology tweets. But are they truly prepared to tackle negative consumer feedback shared and re-tweeted endlessly on social networking platforms?Dealing with 'tough' customersConsumer antics know no boundaries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Mercedes India would know. A week after Diwali, Gujarati businessman Kumud Patel, who regularly uses his business partner Rakesh Patel's Rs 59 lakh E Class Benz, tied the luxury sedan to six donkeys and dragged it across a crowded road in Baroda during peak evening traffic. He did it, he says, to complain against the dealership that repeatedly promised to repair the one-and-a-half year-old car's worn out tyres, but didn't. After being kept hanging for more than a fortnight, Patel was exasperated.\"In this country, owning a Mercedes is a dream, so it felt terrible to do what I did. But after spending so much on a car, we didn't expect them to treat our emotions so shabbily,\" explains Patel. The following day, the dealership offered to replace the car's tyres, but by then, Patel says, he was fed up.Online portals were quick to report the story, and as it took on a life of its own, Mercedes India released an statement that many, including founder of popular car review website TeamBHP. com Rush Parekh, found inadequate.When contacted by us, a Mercedes spokes- person said that the digital space plays a big role in their marketing strategy, enabling the car company to reach its consumers in a faster, more effective manner. Yet, the company did not respond to an online discussion a year ago, on the Team BHP forum , regarding the death of a Mercedes S Class owner on the Jaipur Agra highway, informs Parekh. The post, written by the victim's brother had stated that the airbags of the car had failed to deploy after the car collided with a truck.\"Premium car manufacturers have a presence on the social networking scene primarily for promotional reasons. One possible reason why they aren't equipped to handle complaints is because luxury car owners may not air their grievances on social media. The recent incident with Vishal Gondal caught Audi completely off-guard,\" says Parekh.Keeping up the image", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543972", "title": "Sleep apnea causes more brain damage in women", "text": "Women suffering from sleep apnea have a higher risk of brain damage than men with the disorder, according to a new study. For this study, the researchers looked at patients who were diagnosed with obstructive sleep apnea at the University of California , Los Angeles (UCLA). They compared the nerve fibers in these patients' brains -- known as white matter -- to fibers of individuals without sleep problems and focused on unearthing the difference in brain damage between men and women with sleep apnea. \"While there are a great many brain studies done on sleep apnea and the impact on one's health, they have typically focused on men or combined groups of men and women, but we know that obstructive sleep apnea affects women very differently than men,\" said chief investigator Paul Macey, assistant professor at the UCLA School of Nursing. \"This study revealed that, in fact, women are more affected by sleep apnea than are men and that women with obstructive sleep apnea have more severe brain damage than men suffering from a similar condition.\" In particular, the study found that women were impacted in the cingulum bundle and the anterior cingulate cortex, areas in the front of the brain involved in decision-making and mood regulation. The women with sleep apnea also showed higher levels of depression and anxiety symptoms, the researchers said. \"This tells us that doctors should consider that the sleep disorder may be more problematic and therefore need earlier treatment in women than men,\" Macey said. With this finding as a foundation, Macey said that the next step is for researchers to \"untangle the timing of the brain changes\" and find out if treating sleep apnea can help the brain. Obstructive sleep apnea is a serious disorder that occurs when a person's breathing is repeatedly interrupted during sleep, sometimes hundreds of times. Each time, the oxygen level in the blood drops, eventually resulting in damage to many cells in the body. If left untreated, it can lead to high blood pressure , stroke , heart failure, diabetes , depression and other serious health problems. The study was recently published in the journal SLEEP .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "return of a king almost didn't get written. in 2010, william dalrymple , with the ex-captain of the afghan wrestling team as a guide, was hoping to venture into taliban territory but was stopped by a feast. the duo took hours to work their way through the meat and fruit, and by the time they were done it was too late for jalalabad. which was just as well for, after months of peace, jalalabad had erupted into violence that very day. \"i wouldn't be here if we had gone. we were saved by our gluttony,\" joked dalrymple at the launch of return of a king", "code": "17539771", "title": "Afghan war was ludicrous Victorian escapade: Author", "text": "Return of a King almost didn't get written. In 2010, William Dalrymple , with the ex-captain of the Afghan wrestling team as a guide, was hoping to venture into Taliban territory but was stopped by a feast. The duo took hours to work their way through the meat and fruit, and by the time they were done it was too late for Jalalabad. Which was just as well for, after months of peace, Jalalabad had erupted into violence that very day. \"I wouldn't be here if we had gone. We were saved by our gluttony,\" joked Dalrymple at the launch of Return of a King: The Battle for Afghanistan 1839-42 at The Times of India Literary Carnival.Aiming for a more rounded view, \"a different version\", of the first Afghan war, Dalrymple expended a considerable amount of time and energy looking for sources other than British ones. He found nine accounts of the war -- one by an Indian munshi which he located in the National Archives, Delhi -- that were previously unpublished in English. He has used sources in Persian, Urdu and even Russian for his account of the war, which he called a \"ludicrous Victorian escapade\". The first Afghan war was, in his words, the \"greatest imperialistic disaster of the time\".Dalrymple said the world may forget the details of the wars in Afghanistan, but Afghans haven't. An elderly man told Dalrymple, \"These are the last days of the Americans in Afghanistan. Next will be China.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh/amritsar", "code": "17538382", "title": "Punjab ASI\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s killing: DIG suspended for inefficiency", "text": "CHANDIGARH/AMRITSAR: Facing flak for the killing of an assistant sub-inspector while saving his daughter from eve-teasers, an embarrassed SAD-BJP government suspended a senior IPS officer for \"inefficiency and indiscipline\".DIG (border range) Paramraj Singh Umaranangal was suspended on late Saturday evening. \"His suspension was carried out on the orders of the deputy chief minister and chief minister,\" said principal secretary (home) D S Bains.However, the suspension orders of this 1995-batch IPS officer lack details. According to sources, he had allegedly held telephonic conversations with the Amritsar unit Akali Dal leader and prime accused Ranjit Singh Rana, who gunned down ASI Ravinderpal Singh. The orders were dispatched hours after the state police chief DGP Sumedh Singh Saini flew to Amritsar, second time in a week, after the murder caused a furore. tnnThe action against Umaranagal comes a few weeks after he was shunted out from Ferozepur following the abduction of a minor girl from Faridkot that sparked major controversy and protests.Rana wasn't trusted party member: CMPunjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal, who visited the house of assistant sub-inspector Ravinderpal Singh who was gunned down by a SAD(B) leader here on Wednesday, claimed on Saturday that the prime accused, Ranjit Singh Rana, was not an \"old worker or trusted member of the ruling party\".Talking to mediapersons after conveying his condolences to the family, Badal said neither he nor Cabinet minister Bikramjit Singh Majithia knew Rana by face. However, he said the government would inquire into the arms licences issued to him. He said a lot of people get their photographs clicked posing with him in every function but he doesn't know all of them or their past.He said he was not aware how Rana was elevated to the post of general secretary of SAD(B), Amritsar urban area. Asked whether he would inquire into the past of other SAD(B) leaders following the incident, he said Rana's was just one odd case as the party had very seasoned and trusted leaders.Replying to allegations of Congress that the law and order situation in Punjab had collapsed, Badal said, \"Police are always alert, a few incidents happen, but it doesn't mean that there is a law and order problem.\" \"Tragic death of a police officer should not be politicized,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "warangal", "code": "17541001", "title": "Women corner Sabita on higher interest rate", "text": "WARANGAL: Home minister Sabita Indra Reddy faced the ire of DWCRA women here on Saturday . The women's association members put Sabita Indra Reddy in a spot at Rangaleela grounds in Warangal city when she was about to distribute loans to women.Thousands of women participated in the loan distribution programme but a group of them raised slogans asking her to listen to their complaints. The women alleged that the government had announced loans to women at 25 paise interest but they were actually being charged Re 1 interest.They also complained that not a single woman was getting subsidy cylinder under the Deepam connection and the entire scheme was being controlled by corrupt middlemen.Responding to the women, the minister called the civil supplies department authorities and asked them to rectify the problem and submit a report immediately.Earlier, the minister inaugurated a new building of Madikonda police station on the city outskirts. She inaugurated a100-feet road at Hunter Road Junction, and then distributed loans to DWCRA women societies. Later, she inaugurated the Nekkonda police station building and the Agricultural Market Committee (AMC) office at Nekkonda mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17539963", "title": "Lack of unity may take sting out of opposition attack", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though the winter assembly session that begins from Monday is set to be a stormy one as the opposition will hound the government over a host of issues like the irrigation scam, lack of unity among them will take away the viciousness of their attack. There seems to be no unanimity among them on various issues.The opposition comprising of the BJP, Shiv Sena, MNS and other parties are not even clear on whether to boycott chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's tea party on Sunday. All these parties have declared that they will take a decision on attending the tea-party only on Sunday after holding discussions. This shows that the parties are yet to finalize their strategies to corner the Democratic Front government.Earlier, leader of opposition in council, Vinod Tawde had said in a press that they will target corruption and also take up various issues related to Vidarbha. He had said that irrigation scam will top their agenda.He blamed the government for failing to clear State Act bill against private moneylenders. The bill is pending before the President. He said that this inaction on the part of the government has led to a jump in number of farmers' suicides since 2005.The BJP leader held home minister RR Patil and cooperation minister responsible for over 4,000 farmer deaths in six districts since 2008 to November this year. Reading out statistics, Tawde claimed that the number of farmers who opted for loan from moneylender in 2011 was 77% more than that in 2010. \"Since 2005, about 8,324 farmers have committed suicide due to all these factors,\" he said, demanding resignations of the home and cooperation ministers.MNS has made it clear that they will not walkout from the House over any issue and will stress on holding discussions. MNS leader Bala Nandgaonkar said that they will target Pawar over the irrigation scam. \"We want the government to table Vijay Pandhre's letter regarding irregularities in irrigation projects in the House. We will also come out with a status report on various projects in Vidarbha,\" he said.\"The CM has betrayed the people by re-inducting Pawar. He has not placed the white paper on irrigation in the House stating that he has not yet read it. The money involved in the scam i.e. Rs70,000 crore is a huge one.\"\"We will also focus on issues related to Vidarbha like delay in completion of Mihan and Gosikhurd projects, load-shedding, drought, and orange processing units. The issue of ever rising crime graph in the city during the tenure of former CP Ankush Dhanvijay will be also be raised,\" he assured.Nandgaonkar said that his party has written a letter to the assembly chairman Dilip Walse Patil and parliamentary affairs minister Harshwardhan Patil requesting them to convene a special session to pay tributes to late Thackeray. Many dignitaries and high-profile politicians will be arriving in the city on Sunday for the session.\"Since 2005, about 8,324 farmers have ended their lives due to their inability to pay back the loan that they have taken from the money lenders at very high interest ratesThe CM has betrayed the people by re-inducting former dy CM Ajit Pawar. CM has not placed the white paper on irrigation in the House stating that he has not yet read it", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17539672", "title": "Tariq Anwar launches Bharat Nirman Jan Soochna Abhiyan", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Union minister of state (MOS) for agriculture Tariq Anwar on Saturday observed that the benefits of welfare schemes for poverty alleviation did not percolate down to the poor and downtrodden due to lack of basic knowledge for whom they meant.Formally launching the highly ambitious Bharat Nirman Jan Soochna Abhiyan on the campus of Bahadurganj College at Bahadurganj on Saturday, Anwar said that unless the people had a clear cut knowledge and vision of the programmes, the people would remain a pawn in the hands of people who were only too eager to exploit and mislead them. Maintaining that the spread of education was quite essential for the purpose, he said, \"No country could make progress unless education reached every doorstep.\"Among those present on the occasion were Kishanganj Congress MP Asrarul Haq, Bahadurganj MLA Tousheef Alam, BJP MLC Dr Dilip Jaisawal and Zila Parishad chief Qamrul Hoda. Anwar, speaking on the occasion, conceded how the border districts in Purnia division had floundered on the parameters of progress, and were still mired in abject poverty, illiteracy and educational backwardness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17540260", "title": "City traffic police to slap demerit points on violators", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking a cue from the traffic management system in various western countries, the Chandigarh traffic police are planning to slap demerit points on traffic rule violators in the city. The proposal in this regard suggests that when the demerit points of a particular driver cross a decided limit, his or her licence will be suspended for a specific period.A recommendation seeking suitable amendments to the Chandigarh Motor Vehicle Rules 1990, in order to incorporate \"the demerit points system\", has been made to the Chandigarh administration. \"The idea is to deter motorists from violating traffic rules and regulations, while tightening the noose around habitual offenders. Currently, we write to RLA seeking cancellation of the licence of a motorist if he crosses five offenses,\" said Kamaldeep Singh, deputy superintendent of police (traffic).He added, \"This system would create psychological pressure on motorists' minds and they would think twice before deliberately committing a traffic offense. This model is quite effective in other countries. We would, however, consider the nature of offense and the frequency of violations as well.\"Recently, Chandigarh police started to show the videos of accidents to the violators when they came to submit the fine, in order to let them realize the trauma of the victim and his family.In 2011, 4,534 slips were issued for drunken driving, 32,653 slips for riding without helmet and 11,800 offenders were challaned for driving without wearing seat belts.The traffic police have also created a separate page named \"Future Trends\" on its website that talks about the \"demerit points system\". The repetitive offenders will be issued a warning letter for crossing a certain limit of demerit points and on further violation, their licence will suspended for a specific period.How Will It WorkSpecific demerit points for different offenceLimit before suspension of licence would be about 20-25 pointsThe demerit points record will be maintained onlineThe licence will be automatically suspended once a motorist crosses the final limit", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543150", "title": "Dadar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Iranian phoenix", "text": "Burnt and looted, Dadar's Irani cafes somehow survived the 1992 riots. The menu and decor isn't the same, but generosity of spirit still lurksOld scars don't show on new skin. The brand new Chinese section of 80-year-old Irani restaurant Toofan Mail will carry no stamp of what it endured 20 years ago during the Mumbai riots following the Babri Masjid demolition in Ayodhya.But owner Hussain Jaokar, who sits right beneath a bullet fan spinning furiously from an ornate false ceiling, remembers every detail. \"It was the police that directed the mob to pull out the tables and chairs. It was morning. People from adjacent buildings were standing there watching . They didn't care,'' he says about the day his restaurant went up in flames. Thankfully, no one was killed. The Parsi residents of the building that housed the cafe offered shelter to Jaokar's staff.Toofan Mail, named after a 1934 film starring Madhuri, Ram Apte and Noor Mohammad Charlie, and was screened at Chitra Talkies next door, is part of Dadar's Irani restaurant heritage. Together with Modern Times, Sailor, Masha Allah and Cafe Lucky, it made up a pentagon which you visited when you craved kheema pao in the Sena stronghold. Each of these establishments was systematically attacked between January 7 and 10, 1993: the furniture was dragged out, and grocery stock (that made the 'stores' prefix to their name legitimate) was carted away in tempos.The then Senior Inspector of Bhoiwada police station admitted to the Srikrishna Commission that was set up by the Maharashtra government to investigate the cause of the riots, that every Irani establishment in his jurisdiction was attacked. What did the police do? \"We warned the mob and then fired,\" was his reply.Cafe Sailor's manager, BA Krishnan, remembers calling the police repeatedly for help. \"They came, made a show of dispersing the rioters, and left. The moment they were gone, a mob would crash in from another entrance. One constable would've been enough to control them, had the police wanted to.''Ironically, just across from Cafe Sailor stands a building that houses police quarters; the local police station is barely five minutes away.Sixty five Irani establishments, including bakeries and hair dressing salons, were attacked by rioters that week, prompting a visit by the Iranian consul general and the then Prime Minister PV Narasimha Rao. Jaokar says no help arrived because, everyone believes the Iranian community is wealthy. The losses ran into tens of lakhs. Antique mirrors and glass jars that held mawa cakes and khari biscuits, and iconic Bentwood chairs were destroyed.The 87-year-old Modern Times was the first to re-open , within six weeks. The others took longer. Toofan Mail managed to open shutters two years later only after a generous loan from its landlord Dara P Mehta.But business was slow. Regulars were wary of returning, aware that old customers like them were part of the rioting mob. The bomb blasts that rocked the city on March 12, 1993 didn't help.Twenty years later, the restaurants are full, but things are not the same. The menu, for instance. Imagine idli-sambhar on the menu of an Irani restaurant! But meat is expensive and demands systematic storage, and the restaurants can't afford to raise prices. Vegetarian fare suits the clientele's pocket and taste, too.That's a far cry from what Mohammed Nemayandeh of Modern Times remembers. He'd open shop at 5.30 am to serve breakfast to textile mill workers, and wind up after midnight once Hindmata's late night show goers had left. The surge of customers was handled by letting them inside in batches. The front gate would stay shut, and customers would exit from the rear entrance.The closure of mills and cinemas like Hindmata in central Mumbai meant the rush of textile workers came down to a trickle. Some, like Cafe Lucky, switched to selling furniture. A section of Toofan Mail was turned into a fabric store.\"My father and I have devoted our lives to the restaurant,'' says Nemayandeh, coaxing a customer to pack an extra plate of laadi pav to go with his pav bhaji. \"Our portions are large,\" he smiles. For Jaoker, the riots were a \"storm that occurs once in 40 years. No Irani who has made Mumbai his home is going to leave.''mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "17540854", "title": "Leopard that injured 4, captured", "text": "SANGRUR: There was a sense of respite among residents and forest officials alike after workers managed to capture a leopard that had strayed into Ratta Khera village on Friday and injured four people.A wildlife conservator was called in from Chhatbir Zoo near Chandigarh to capture the leopard. The big cat was rescued from 20-foot deep abandoned well only after it was rendered unconscious by wildlife officers.\"We spent the night awake,\" said a villager, Satnam Singh. Earlier, the leopard had injured shepherds Yamla Singh, Mithu Singh when they tried to save their goats on Friday late evening. The animal also injured Lehragaga resident Anil Jain, who tried to make a video of the animal.The shepherds had spotted the beast on Friday late evening when they were tending to their goats near Falera and Ratta Khera villages near Lehragaga. Both were injured when they tried to save the goats, said a wildlife official.The wildlife, forest officers and Shah Satnam Ji Green S Welfare Society of Dera Sacha Sauda on Saturday started the operation to hold the leopard and succeeded after long hours. Wildlife official Ram Dev used a laser gun to nab the leopard and rescued from the well with society activists. Divisional forest officer Shailendra Kaur said \"The forest officials, especially Harinder Singh Grewal wildlife conservator at Chhatbir and welfare society activists did a lot of work to capture the leopard.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17540613", "title": "CID may probe Vuda land scam", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda) is reportedly gearing up to lodge a complaint with CID over the Rs 534 crore land scam that came to light earlier this year. Vuda would be lodging the complaint in a couple of days, sources said.Chief secretary Minnie Mathew has reportedly directed Vuda vice chairman Kona Sashidhar to lodge a complaint with CID, despite initial protests from the latter as many investigating agencies have conducted their inquiries and found irregularities.Some Vuda officials allegedly colluded with realtors to give away government land at dirt cheap rates. And while Vuda suspended a few of its employees after the scam broke, political parties allege that lodging a complaint with CID was nothing but a waste of time as many investigating agencies had already confirmed the scam.Based on orders of the AP high court in a particular case, CBI had conducted an investigation and submitted its report. The Vuda vice-chairman too had conducted an internal investigation and submitted his report to the government, confirming the irregularities. Based on his report, vigilance officials too had conducted an inquiry and submitted their report. Following a petition lodged by a TDP leader, ACB sleuths too had conducted investigations and submitted their findings . Now, CID has come into the picture and has reportedly insisted on Vuda lodging a complaint before starting its probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17540307", "title": "Models walk the ramp with books", "text": "RANCHI: A different kind of fashion show wooed the visitors at the National Book Fair here as models walked the ramp with books on Saturday. In the first round of the fashion show, model in traditional Indian attire with books like Ramayana, Baal Geeta, Chanakya Neeti, Experiments with Truth and many other books drew the attention. The second round was western round in which the books like Wings of Fire and Madhushala were carried.Organizer of the fair Chandra Bhushan said, \"As the youth today is interested in fashion, we thought of giving fashion a new definition to promote readership among them. This was the reason we came up with the idea of books fashion show.\"Author Mahua Majhi, who was the special guest of the show, said, \"When fashion shows can be used to promote all type of commodities, why should it not be used for promotion of books. I think it is a very appreciable idea and will manage to attract youth towards books.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542016", "title": "Vidya\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s wedding plan speeds up 'Ghanchakkar' schedule", "text": "By now every Vidya Balan fan who has ever wondered about the 'SRK' factor in the actress' life, knows she's tying the knot with UTV's Siddharth Roy Kapoor. What is not known and was revealed by a source close to Vidya's latest film 'Ghanchakkar' is the entire schedule of 'Ghanchakkar' was planned according to Vidya's wedding plans.In fact her work in Ghanchakkar is being rush-completed in time for her wedding preparations. Says a source, \"It seems Vidya and Mr Kapoor had chalked out the wedding plans long in advance. The only film that Vidya is currently shooting is Ghanchakkar . And since it is produced by UTV it was convenient to co-ordinate her shooting schedule with her wedding date.\"Reveals our sources, \"director Rajkumar Gupta who has to be in his hometown Hazaribagh in Jharkhand for his younger brother's wedding this week would now have to rush back for Vidya's last 3 days of her shooting from 12 December to 15 December\". After this, we are told, Vidya would take a longish sabbatical before returning to work. The source reveals that Vidya's work in Ghanchakkar would be done after the final 3-day shooting.\"It was all planned well in advance. The director Rajkumar Gupta who is a very dear friend of Vidya and Emraan, whom Vidya gets along with like a house on fire, has fully co-operated in ensuring Vidya completes her work in Ghanchakkar before she takes time off. Arey bhai, shaadi ka maamla hai. Everyone has to fall in line,\" says our source.When one spoke to the Ghanchakkar director Rajkumar Gupta he was thick in the middle of his brother's wedding festivities. Taking time off from the delightful din, Rajkumar admitted he had to rush back to Mumbai for the final 3 days' shooting . \"Yes, we've to shoot from December 12 to December 15. After that I've one week-long schedule in January. But Vidya is not required for that.\"When asked if the schedules had to be worked out in-sync with Vidya's wedding plans Rajkumar got understandably evasive. \"The schedules were worked out well in advance, so that Vidya's work was completed by the middle of December. Vidya has been with the project all through, giving a hundred percent of herself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17540886", "title": "Syed Saab ka bokud and others tales", "text": "In Hyderabadi lingo, 'bokud' defines a male goat, the bearded, nimble footed and extremely short tempered ruminant notorious for obduracy; inflexible-the local equivalent of the intractable 'billy goat' of the English folk tales. For some inexplicable reason, Syed Saab (Sahab or Sahib as expressed in the Dakhni dialect), a Sufi saint who lies buried in a Dargah on Hussaini Alam road near Mahboob Chowk in Old City, took a liking to this species. Possibly in keeping with the Prophet's tradition, it is said that he could almost always be found tending to his flock even while discoursing the most complex of dogmas of religion.Following his demise, it became customary for Hyderabadis to dedicate a b o k u d to Syed Saab whenever they sought his intercession on their behalf, in pleading their case with the Almighty for fulfillment of a wish. Irrespective of the outcome, a billy once dedicated to Syed Saab was universally recognised as his property and inhabitants of the area would grant it immense respect, refusing to even shoo away the revered quadruped from their vegetable patches. This absolute protection ensured an abundance of fodder to which the b o k u d fearlessly laid claim, without any trepidation of being reprimanded with a stout stick as was the fate of his other 'ordinary' brethren, which resulted in his rapid and phenomenal growth with most specimens managing to resemble a young calf in size and proportions. Often the sight of a dreamy eyed b o k u druminating monotonously while ostensibly contemplating on some inner turmoil has lulled many an unsuspecting individual to cross its path. The outcome was disastrous to say the least; its inherent vile temper surfacing in a flash, the beast pounced on the unsuspecting transgressor unceremoniously butting him out of the way with one mighty toss of its swept back horns. Those unlucky enough to be caught downwind of the highly malodorous b o k u dwould invariably gag on the ripe odor wafting their way.Indian administrators take pride in considering themselves to be 'generalists' who can and will administer any department or institution including the rarefied spheres of academics and fine arts. In Hyderabadi parlance, they are universally under the illusion of being 'Harmarzkidawa - Zinda Tili s m a t' , a famous herbal potion brewed in the city and touted as a panacea for all ailments. In actual fact most of them, with a few rare exceptions (including the few friends that I have amongst their ilk!), may more aptly be designated as the notorious 'Syed Saab ka Bokud' ; stubborn and ill tempered, butting all and sundry out of the way to enforce their own point of view.As with any vibrant culture, Hyderabad of old too developed avernacular of its own with the lingo readily understood by the masses though rarely comprehensible to the uninitiated. Alien settlers, supremely confident in their ability of putting recalcitrant locals in their proper place are often perplexed at the complexity of Hyderabadi jargon. One such individual, an administrator who prided in his understanding of the finer nuances of language and culture, once when summoning a subordinate was told that the gentleman concerned had gone to visit the 'bait-ul qala' (literally the room with a void, an oblique reference to the lavatory as dictated by Hyderabadi etiquette), which in days before the advent of 'attached toilets' was located in the furthest corner of the office grounds. The pompous officer is said to have turned purple with rage, demanding to know who had permitted the man to go visit the 'Qila' (Fort) while on duty! When the situation was finally explained to him in rather plain and graphic terms, the fellow is said to have cursed everything under the Sun which was directly or indirectly responsible for creating such contorted expressions for so mundane a task.Quite unfazed, our friend the administrator dedicated his entire free time to mastering the complex rules of social behaviour and was soon proficient enough to confidently accept invitations from the local nobility. On one such occasion his host, the scion of a former Samasthan of Hyderabad State, politely enquired if his guest would like to wash his hands. Pat came the confident reply from the now etiquette savvy man of substance , \"no hurry Sir, I washed my hands behind the bushes in your garden before coming in\" . The Raja, drawing on his fine command of language, remained silent. Later however, he was overheard mumbling to himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17540303", "title": "Green zones packed as avian guests flock", "text": "With more than 450 species of birds residing here through the year, Delhi boasts of having the highest number of birds that can be seen in a capital city after Nairobi. Some are residents while several come and go as the weather changes. The city is presently flush with winter migrants though regular birders say that their numbers have fallen over the years.Delhi and NCR have over 15 sites for bird watching. Thanks to its diverse ecological features, it is possible to find not just terrestrial birds here but also waders. The Ridge is dense with foliage and trees that are a suitable habitat for migratory birds like the Black Redstart, Grey Headed Canary Flycatchers, Lesser White Throats and Blue Throats. Meanwhile, the grasslands are abuzz with activities of the White Capped and Grey Headed Buntings, Wagtails and Short Eared Owls.Interestingly, following the migratory fowls are a host of migratory raptors that one can usually spot hovering in the air. Marsh Harriers , Booted Eagles, Greater Spotted Eagles and Crested Serpent Eagles add another dimension to Delhi's winter birding.This year, reports on the migration pattern have been quite varied. At the Yamuna Biodiversity Park (YBP), scientist in-charge Faiyaz Khudsar reported very small numbers of migratory birds till the middle of the week but by Wednesday, he claimed the numbers had suddenly shot up.The park is famous for the Red Crested Pochards (RCP), a European breeder that somehow is found only at the YBP within Delhi. \"By December, the park is usually so full that it is impossible to see the water. Till December 4, only about a hundred-odd birds had come to the park of which there were about 15 RCPs. But then on December 5, the numbers of migratory birds went up quite suddenly,\" he said.Khudsar says this could be because Rajasthan received good rainfall this year and the birds, having found a suitable habitat before they reached Delhi, chose to stop earlier.Nikhil Devsar, an active Delhi Birder, reports that number of migrants are less not just this year but have been falling steadily over the past eight to ten years. \"I have been to most of the major bird watching spots in the last week and the numbers are down in a major way since last year. Around this time, some eight-nine years back, it used to be impossible to see water in the Okhla Bird Park...But this is not only a problem in Delhi... number of migratory birds has come down everywhere and this is possibly due to global changes in climate,\" he said.His major sightings for this season have been the Brooks Leaf Warbler , White Tailed Lapwing, Orphean Warbler and Sind Sparrow at Sultanpur, Rock Eagle Owl and Great White Pelicans at Bhindawas. The latter is located around three hours away from Delhi in the state of Haryana and is spread over more than 1,000 acres. The birding paradise has also historically thrown up the highest bird count for a single place during Delhi's annual Big Bird Day. The Basai Wetlands are not likely to feature on Delhi's birding map for too long as massive construction activity around it has more or less killed the bird habitat. Nearby Sultanpur Bird Sanctuary is in a better shape though it is threatened by lack of funds. It is site of possibly the only pair of Sarus Cranes in the area who are residents of the park.In Greater Noida, WWF has helped in reviving the Surajpur Bird Sanctuary that is spread over 800 acres. Under strict control and assistance by the state government, the park is currently host to a few thousand birds which include almost all waders and bigger birds like the Sarus and Blacknecked Storks.In Delhi, birding can be done even while driving along Rajpath but for those interested in a more focused activity, the easiest way would be to join the several birding expeditions that set out each weekend. The Yamuna and Aravalli Bio Diversity Parks carry out nature walks for school children and large groups. The parks have education officials who accompany groups and help with identification of the flora and fauna. Dr Surya Prakash , another enthusiastic birder, regularly accompanies school children on birding trips inside the Jawaharlal Nehru University and neighbouring Sanjay Van.\"Schools tie up with us or WWF directly and we often go out with children on nature trails. I would say that the migratory pattern this year has been usual. At JNU, Bhatti Mines, Sanjay Van, Asola and Aravali Biodiversity Park one can see all small migratory birds like the Buntings, Black Red Start, White Throat, Red Breasted, Red Throated and Grey Headed Canary Flycatchers, Blue Throats and a few waders,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17540617", "title": "Little-known tourist spots lure Vizagites", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Ramanand Mantri, a city-based entrepreneur is just back from a trip to Yercaud, a lesser known hill station near Salem in Tamil Nadu. Now he is gearing up to usher in the New Year, not at a noisy party in one of the city hotels but relaxing in the lap of nature amid the serene environs of the hilly forests fringing Chilka lake and soaking in the scenic beauty of Jagdalpur.If Mantri's itinerary has you wondering where some of these tourist spots are, then wait till you hear where travel enthusiast Madhu Tugnait is headed for Christmas with friends - Damanjodi. \"Tired of spending Christmas in clubs and hotels, this time we have decided to head to a picturesque tribal village near Damanjodi in Koraput district of Odisha, where we can celebrate Christmas in the midst of nature. We don't need to bother booking expensive air tickets or even try beat the year-end rush on trains as our destination is just a 200 km drive from the city,\" says Tugnait excitedly.Winter coupled with the festive Christmas season whets the wanderlust of Vizagites, many of whom have already starting packing their bags. But interestingly, adventurous Vizagites are giving the hackneyed Goa, Shimla , Ooty or even Singapore, Thailand and Malaysia tours a miss to explore off-the-trodden-track destinations.\"Everyone goes to places like Ooty and Kodaikanal, which have become commercial and congested. But not many frequent those like Yercaud, which is as beautiful as any famous hill station and at the same time peaceful with all the facilities like good resorts and road connectivity,\" says Ramanand explaining his choice for the off-beat Jagdalpur in Chhattisgarh.Lal Chand, holidaying with his family at Madikeri, Coorg in Karnataka, says, \"We chose this lesser-known hill station near Mysore because we wanted to spend a few days in a hilly place where we can enjoy nature at her peaceful best. Coorg is beautiful, with coffee and orange plantations and lovely waterfalls as not many tourists come here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543725", "title": "I won't do Fifty Shades: Keira Knightley", "text": "Keira Knightley has refused to star in the movie adaptation of the award winning erotic novel 'Fifty Shades Of Grey,' after her raunchy experience filming 'A Dangerous Method.'\"I normally don't like to give a definite about anything but I can definitely say it will not be Fifty Shades Of Grey,\" the Daily Express quoted her as saying.And while 60 million copies of the books have been sold worldwide, the 27-year-old actress is not keen to follow the trend.\"I haven't even read it yet. I mean, just from [what I've heard], friends who've got into it and I've gone, 'No',\" she said.\"I did A Dangerous Method and that had a bit of all that in it. I don't think I need to do it again,\" she added.The film of Fifty Shades now has a writer attached, although there is no date for the start of filming. Amanda Seyfried , Justin Bieber , Ryan Gosling and Emma Watson have all been mentioned as possible contenders for the main roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539620", "title": "Monorail work: Currey Road bridge temporarily shut", "text": "MUMBAI: The traffic police on Saturday closed the Currey Road bridge connecting Dr Ambedkar Road near Bharatmata on east and N M Joshi Marg towards Lower Parel in west for the construction of monorail above the Lalbaug flyover. This closure, an experiment, will continue till Sunday and help the traffic police and the MMRDA decide whether it can be done for a longer period-from Monday to April 30, 2013.At 1.30pm, Mahadev Palav Marg was closed between Bharatmata Junction and Shinte Master Chowk and traffic was diverted from Ganacharya Chowk to Arthur Road Naka junction. \"As it is a weekend and there were fewer vehicles on the road, no snarls were reported. We will see how it works on Monday. If it does not lead to much inconvenience, the closure will continue till the work culminates,\" said an official from the Worli traffic outpost.The monorail portion will come up above the Lalbaug flyover at Bharatmata on Dr Ambedkar Road and then pass along the Currey Road bridge through railway area to join the monorail track being built along NM Joshi Marg. A traffic diversion will then take place via Lower Parel bridge, Chinchpokli bridge or S-bridge towards Byculla.MMRDA will construct 20 pillars on the Mahadev Palav Marg portion, of which 18 will fall in the middle of the road, while two will be inside the railway area parallel to the Currey Road bridge. \"As the road is narrow, it will have to be closed,\" said an MMRDA source, adding that the final decision will be taken by the traffic administration.\"Based on the results of the experiment, a decision will be taken,\" said MMRDA joint project director Dilip Kawathkar. \"The railways has approved our general arrangement designs. However, the commissioner of railway safety is yet to clear the drawings and the plan. We will try to do it before monsoon or else October-November onwards,\" MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana pointed out.\"Joint commissioner (traffic) and the MMRDA had conducted an inspection and the traffic administration is taking steps accordingly,\" said an MMRDA official.(Inputs from Nitasha Natu)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17539195", "title": "Poll campaigning causes friction", "text": "VADODARA: The infighting in the city unit of Congress surfaced again on Saturday when opposition leader of Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) Chandrakant Srivastava alias Bhathhu entered into heated arguments with another Congress leader Bharat Thakore in full media glare. An enraged Srivastava even got up to smack Thakore but was pacified by fellow Congressmen.The verbal duel began when Thakore, who is in charge of Raopura assembly seat, allegedly insulted senior Congress leader Suresh Patel while having lunch in a hotel after Union power minister Jyotiraditya Scindia left. \"Thakore was upset as no senior Congress leaders were turning up to campaign in Raopura. He allegedly asked Patel to campaign in Raopura in a rude tone. This angered Srivastava who asked Thakore to speak politely,\" said a senior Congress leader.Most Congress leaders were not happy as the party had given Raopura ticket to Jayesh Thakkar, who has never been an active member of the party and hence all of them have been keeping away. \"Thakore spoke rudely with senior party leaders and so I had to intervene. If the Raopura candidate wants senior leaders to campaign for him, he should invite them,\" Srivastava said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17540382", "title": "Inamdar's literary works lauded", "text": "DHARWAD: Rich tributes were paid to eminent Kannada and English writer Professor VM Inamdar at a seminar organized by the Sahitya Akademi, New Delhi, to commemorate his birth centenary at Suvarna Samskrutika Samuchhaya in Dharwad on Saturday.Inaugurating the seminar Sarojini Shintri highlighted the eminence of Inamdar and regretted that two great writers -Inamdar and Shriranga- deserved the Jnanpith award but they missed it.\"Inamdar was not only a good writer but also a great teacher and dignified human being. Though he was a professor of English he had tremendous command over Kannada and Sanskrit too. But he did not receive the recognition may be for the reason that he never hankered behind name and fame,\" Shintri said.She lauded Sahitya Akademi for organizing a seminar to mark the birth centenary of an unsung hero of literature.\"There are many writers and scholars like late Inamdar who have not been introduced to the new generation properly. Many of such persons have remained in obscurity for various reasons. The institutes like Sahitya Akademi should show special interest to organise programmes on the life and works of such great personalities and introduce them to today's people\" Shintri said.Speaking on the occasion Siddhalinga Pattanshetti, convernor of the Kannada advisory board of Sahitya Akademi said Inamdar never spoke in any language other than English to anyone while in college.But on one occasion he spoke in Kannada at the Karnatak Vidyavardhak Sangha and everyone was stunned to see his command over Kannada, he said.A monograph on eminent writer Sali Ramachandra Rao authored by Hema Pattanshetti was released on the occasion. Inamdar's daughter Meena Vangikar explained how she was influenced by litterateur father and became well versed in Kannada, English, Marathi and Sanskrit.She also recalled her association with her disciplinarian father who was also affectionate.Scholar and Inamdar's student BB Rajpurohit shared memories of his acquaintance with Inamdar on the occasion.Neelagiri Talwar, Mohan Kuntar, Shyamsundar Bidarkundi, GB Harish, CV Venugopal, MG Hedge and Giraddi Govindraj spoke on life and works of Inamdar.On Sunday Shridhar Hegde Bhadran,, Devu Pattar, A V Navada, Vijaya, Taltaje Vasantkumar and V M Patil will speak on Inamdar from 10am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17541599", "title": "Don't send complaint or query directly, says UGC", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Authorities of the University Grants Commission (UGC) have decided that no letters, be it a complaint or query, be sent directly to the panel. Not only employees of Allahabad University, even students and faculty members have to follow the directives.A press communique issued by AU says that in letter No F No 2-16/2002(PS) dated November 26, signed by the joint secretary of University Grants Commission, the registrar has advised all faculty members, students and non-teaching employees in various faculties or department, centres, institutes or colleges not to send any complaint or query directly to the UGC.The letter bears significance as it has been found many a times students, teaching and non-teaching members of AU or its constituent colleges send complaints to UGC directly without informing university authorities or their higher-ups.In another press communique, AU informed that inauguration of the international seminar on global environmental politics was held at 10.30 am on December 8 at the conference hall, department of Political Science.Mark Lindley, visiting Professor, Bogazici University, Istanbul, who is also the visiting professor, University of Kerala, Trivandrum will deliver the inaugural address.Justice Sunil Ambwani, Allahabad High Court, will be the chief guest. Harihar Bhattacharyya of Department of Political Science, University of Burdwan ( West Bengal ) will deliver the key-note address. Vice-chancellor AU will preside over the inaugural function and deliver the presidential address.Principal of Rajarshi Tandon Girls Degree College informed a seven days special camp began at the college, on Thursday, inaugurated by chief guest Umakant Yadav , NSS Coordinator, Allahabad University. Principal Dr Pramila Tandon and Dr Meena Rani Agarwal NSS in charge, besides Shalini, Chanchal, Priya, Jyoti and Jyotsana presented the Saraswati Vandana and Kul Geet.Volunteers of the NSS were appraised about the activities of the seven-day camp and the daily routine by Dr Meena Rani Agarwal. This was followed by a cultural programme prepared by Dr Namita Yadav. Priya Vaish danced to the song 'Dharti sunahri ambar neela' while Anshika Agrahari danced to 'Poochh rahi Radha bataao Giridhari'.Vandana Dubey presented her poem 'Astitva saare desh ka ekta me nihit hai'. The chief guest said the camp was a time to understand problems of the society and to develop a feeling of service and makes volunteers devoted to social causes. It helps in over all development of the volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17540329", "title": "Industrialists ask PM to step up reforms", "text": "LUDHIANA: Industrialists from Ludhiana congratulated Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for paving the way for FDI in retail. However, they also asked him to step up economic reforms, besides implementing the Goods and Services Tax and improving facilities at the Sahnewal airport.\"It was good to meet the PM and share our concerns with him. We congratulated him on economic reforms and asked him to expedite them. Apart from these issues we also shared the need to regularize Ludhiana airport to increase connectivity with Delhi and other metros. He was very receptive and assured us of early resolution ,\" Trident Group chairman Rajinder Gupta said.Vardhaman Group chairman S P Oswal said while he supported FDI in retail , the government needed to proceed with caution. \"We congratulated the PM for having taken the tough decision of allowing Foreign Direct Investment in the retail sector.Vardhaman Group chairman S P Oswal said, \"We congratulated the Prime Minister for having taken the tough decision of allowing Foreign Direct Investment in the retail sector. The industry has taken a very liberal view as this had to happen but it should be done properly with all the safeguards. We also shared with him the need for labour reforms. Flexible work hours are needed on the lines of countries like Germany and China,\" he said.Union information and broadcasting minister Manish Tewari arranged a meeting of selected industrialists from the city with the Prime Minister. They included S P Oswal, Rajender Gupta, Mridula Jain, J R Singal, Sandeep Riat, Rakesh Gupta, Sanjeev Pahwa, Gurmeet Kular, Ranjodh Singh, K N S Kang, O P Munjal, S K Rai, Sanjay Gupta, Gurdeep Singh Ahluwalia and Satish Dhanda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17540292", "title": "Slew of MC projects keep mayor on ribbon cutting spree", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City mayor Rajbala Malik has been frantically busy inaugurating and laying down foundation stones of a slew of Municipal Corporation projects over the last few days. The spree has not only surprised the opposition parties, but the public as well. They wonder if it is real development and just another publicity gimmick.It has come to the fore that in October, only three such inauguration functions were held by the city mayor and their number went up to seven in November. Till December 31, nine such functions are awaited, out of which three have already taken place.On Sunday, the mayor will inaugurate the first floor of a community centre situated in Manimajra area.Not only this, some existing projects which were renovated were also inaugurated in the recent past.Satinder Singh, municipal councillor from the Bharatiya Janata Party , told TOI, \"The functions are just an eyewash. These are being held just to grab attention and no consideration is being given to the projects. This attitude to just fix a plaque will set wrong precedent in the MC in the coming days.\"City resident Manoj Kumar said that authorities must try to sustain the developmental works. Projects should be implemented for public welfare and not for fame. He said there was much real time, ground work to be done for the welfare of the people.When contacted, Malik said that all the inaugurations and projects are purely public-related work for which officers and public representatives have worked hard for the last many months. \"Those who term these developmental works as publicity stunts are politicizing the issue,\" the city mayor pointed out.Those who term these developmental activities as publicity gimmicks are politicising the issue. Officers and public representatives have worked hard for months for these projects.Raj Bala Malik | mayor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17539966", "title": "Labourer dies in freak mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A 45-year old man died in a freak mishap after he got jammed stuck between two trucks at Wardhaman Nagar on Friday. Devanand Gumgaokar, a resident of Bastarwadi, was unloading material from one truck when a matador driver took a reverse turn and hit him. He was trapped between the two vehicles and sustained head injuries. He died while undergoing treatment. Businessman's house burgledBurglars broke into a businessman's house at NIT Colony and made away with cash and valuables around Rs 2 lakhs. Dheeraj Lahoti with his wife had gone to Wardha for a day when the burglars struck at their residence. The incident came to light on Saturday when Lahoti returned home. He lodged a complaint at Nandanvan police station. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538694", "title": "Acupuncture emerging as supportive therapy: Expert", "text": "NEW DELHI: Acupuncture therapy, used traditionally for pain management, is fast emerging as a supportive therapy for treatment of neuro-disorders and infertility, doctors have claimed.International acupuncture specialists demonstrated their skills on Saturday at a workshop in the capital. \"We have used the acupuncture therapy successfully to manage the side-effects of cancer therapy, parkinson's disease and recently a patient who was paralysed was cured,\" said Dr Raman Kapur, one of the specialists and organizing secretary of the 15th national conference of acupuncture association of India. \"Now, we are also coming up with new technique wherein acupuncture is done using soft laser beams,\"said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17540127", "title": "With eye on tourists, government awards \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLife of Pi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can 'Life of Pi' help India tame the dragon? The Indian government certainly hopes so.Tourism minister Chiranjeevi on Saturday announced that director and writer of 'Life of Pi' Ang Lee and Yann Martel , respectively, will be awarded the national tourism awards for the impact the film has had in promoting India as a tourist destination. With this and the ministry hopes to target the so far indifferent Chinese tourists to their fold. The film has been a roaring success in China, raking in $16 million in its opening weekend itself.China is one of the largest tourism markets in the world, but India has barely received a fraction of Chinese tourists. Recent data shows that of the around 50 million Chinese who travel overseas every year spending some $40 billion, less than 1 lakh travel to India on business and tourism. Plans that are on the anvil include 'Life of Pi' tour packages for Puducherry and Munnar (Kerala), where the film has been shot, easy availability of Chinese-speaking guides, virtual tour of the two places and a website in Mandarin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540889", "title": "Kolkata scientist finds kala-azar vaccine", "text": "KOLKATA: Kala-azar, known to claim a few lives every year in North and East India, including West Bengal, may soon be a thing of the past, courtesy an effective vaccine developed by a city scientist.Nahid Ali, a scientist at the Indian Institute of Chemical Biology (IICB) who worked on the vaccine for 10 years, has published a paper on her successful research in an international medical journal last month.Successfully tried on an animal model, the vaccine is now being further modified to increase its potency. While several other organizations and scientists have been working on kala-azar vaccines, Nahid's paper claims it is the first and the most advanced one so far.Transmitted by sandflies, kala-azar is caused by the Leishmania Donovani parasite, named after its discoverers. Epidemics were common till 1946. One had even resulted in 7,500,00 people dying in three years in India.Even though the malaria eradication programme had almost wiped out the disease from 1954 till 1974, outbreaks were reported from West Bengal and Bihar again in the Seventies. Ever since, sporadic outbreaks have been recurring. It is widespread in as many as 48 districts across Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh and around 165 million people are believed to be at risk.When Nahid Ali started working on the vaccine, several other individual scientists as well as the Central Drug Research Institute had been working on the same.\"I worked independently like so many others did. The extent of parasite-level reduction in my animal model trial was substantially more than other experiments have managed. I am still involved in developing the vaccine further. Certain modifications are needed to increase its effectiveness. I expect to do it in the next few months,\" said the scientist.Kala-azar is a slow progressing indigenous disease caused by a protozoan parasite of genus Leishmania. In India, Leishmania Donovani is the only parasite causing this disease. The parasite primarily infects reticuloendothelial system and may be found in abundance in bone marrow, spleen and liver.Post Kala-azar, Dermal Leishmaniasis (PKDL) is a condition when Leishmania Donovani invades skin cells, resides and develops there and manifests as dermal lesions. Some of the kala-azar cases manifest PKDL after a few years of treatment. Of late, it is being believed that PKDL may appear without passing through visceral stage. However, adequate data is yet to be generated on course of PKDL manifestation.Nahid's paper was published in the prestigious \"Journal of Molecular Pharmaceutics\". While it has been hailed as a potentially pathbreaking discovery, Nahid said she hoped it would be made a vaccine soon. \"Once I am through with the research, my job would end. I can't play any role in marketing the vaccine,\" she said.Once it is developed, the vaccine will help reduce number of deaths and prevent epidemics, said T Bhattacharya, tropical medicine specialist.\"Kala-azar is still common in northern and eastern parts, including Bengal. Only an effective vaccine can help to reduce the disease load. Mortality rate is quite high, especially in the interiors of Jharkhand and Bihar. There have been outbreaks in Bengal as well. Thus we need the vaccine,\" said Bhattacharya. Nearly 6000 cases were reported from Jharkhand in 2011, after having dropped to less than 500 in 2003.The vaccine could help to eradicate kala-azar for preventive measures will never be foolproof, according to Debashish Basu, preventive medicine specialist.\"Every year, thousands succumb to malaria, dengue and kala-azar. While there are no vaccines yet for the other two, a good kala-azar vaccine might pave the way for them. It will help to save lives,\" Basu added.An effective vaccine for kala-azar or black fever has been developed by a city scientist. Successfully tried on an animal model, the vaccine is now being further modified to increase its potency. Nahid Ali, a scientist at the Indian Institute of Chemical Biology (IICB) who worked on the vaccine for 10 years, has published a paper on her successful research in an international medical journal last month. While several other organizations and scientists have been working on kala-azar vaccines, Nahid's paper claims it is the first and the most advanced one so far. The vaccine could help to save millions of lives in north and east India, including West Bengal, where kala-azar is still prevalent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17538609", "title": "RSP sets up more resource centres", "text": "ROURKELA: The Rourkela Steel Plant (RSP) has set up 10 more resource centres in periphery villages to impart income generation skill training to women as part of its CSR activities. The RSP had earlier set up 30 such centres under its Project Kishori scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538754", "title": "Inter-state auto lifters nabbed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Members of an inter-state auto lifting gang were caught by the special operations group of Lucknow police on Friday night from Chinhat area with the help of the local police. The gang has a network across several states including Haryana, Delhi, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.Police stopped a car and jeep near Babu Banarsi Das University on Faizabad road on Friday. The police team asked the drivers to show registration papers of the motor vehicles and the three men in the motor vehicles were not able to produce the documents. On being pressed the trio confessed that along with other members of the gang they stole the car from Ghaziabad and Bolero from Madhya Pradesh.The three accused (Rae Bareli resident Geetanand Yadav, Mathura resident Rakesh Singh and Agra resident Hridesh) told police that they used local agents and contacts to get forged registration papers of the motor vehicles and sold them. The police said close to 15 miscreants from different states are members of the gang. Moreover, Gosainganj and Sarojininagar police teams in separate operations caught auto lifters from their areas on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17540044", "title": "NU invites entries for handball sans guv nod", "text": "NAGPUR: In what could prove to be another controversial move, Nagpur university officials have gone ahead with inviting participation for various events, including handball for its much publicized 'Ashwamedh' event, without permission from chancellor K Sankaranarayanan's office. Ashwamedh is scheduled to be held from January 17 to 21. A circular regarding this was also dispatched to other state universities which would have started preparations by this time.NU added that even the 'Observer Committee' appointed by the chancellor to monitor the preparations had submitted a negative report on inclusion of handball into the sporting event. The panel members led by director of physical education in Mumbai University Uttam Kendre and that in Pune University, A Mane, had cited poor infrastructure, shortage of grounds, and lack of preparations on the part of NU for not allowing handball.NU director of physical education Dhananjay Welukar admitted that they were yet to receive the permission from the chancellor's office for handball. He, however, refuted charges that the permission was being denied. \"These panels regularly visit venues to oversee preparations and make reports accordingly. This time, they were very happy with everything and had dispatched a positive report. So there is no point in speculating anything at this stage. There is still over a month to go for the event,\" he said.Sources said that handball was unnecessarily included in the 'Ashwamedh' by VC Vilas Sapkal under apparent pressure from a senior academician even though it was never included in event's history so far. In fact, the VC even convened an emergent meet with committee members a couple of days back, requesting them to allow NU to conduct handball as it had already sent invitations to all universities. However, the members expressed their inability stating that they had already filed the report to the governor who will take final action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17538327", "title": "Samajwadi Party leader shot at in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A Samajwadi Party leader was attacked by two unidentified bikers when he, along with his personal security officer, was travelling out of Ghaziabad district on Saturday morning. Police said the attack was probably the result of personal enmity.Ishwar Mavi, a state-level secretary of Samajwadi Party, was shot at around 8.30am when he was going to Behlor in Uttar Pradesh. \"They opened fire and we ducked. The bullets only scratched the SUV,\" he said. The leader said he was clueless about the identity of the attackers. \"I couldn't see their faces as they were wearing scarves,\" he said.Following the attack, local people surrounded the Tila Mod Chowki in Loni.\"The locals were angry because it happened in broad daylight and the attackers got away. They wanted the SSP to come there and assure that the matter would be dealt with expediently,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17539884", "title": "Zee extortion case: Subhash Chandra, son questioned", "text": "NEW DELHI: Zee Group chairman Subhash Chandra and his son Puneet Goenka, the managing director of the company, appeared before Delhi Police on Saturday to face interrogation over the alleged Rs 100crore extortion bid by two Zee group editors from Naveen Jindal's company for not airing news damaging to it. At 9pm, the duo came face to face with Sudhir Chaudhary and Sameer Ahluwalia, the arrested Zee editors, who were then sent to two day police custody.Chandra and his son reached the inter-state cell of crime branch in Chanakyapuri around 2pm along with a battery of lawyers. Chandra's younger brother, Jawahar Goyal, who was earlier questioned in the case, was also spotted. Chandra and his son were questioned by the deputy and joint commissioners of crime and the initial rounds of questioning purportedly revolved around the 286-second conversation between the held editors and Chandra after their meeting with Jindal officials at Hyatt hotel.A crime branch officer said that the two were first asked to state their role in the episode after which questions were asked. They were quizzed on the series of meetings between Jindal officials and their editors and how the CAG report reached the Zee news and whether the CAG report was distorted to slander Jindal's firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17543287", "title": "Batsmen have to take more responsibility: Dhoni", "text": "KOLKATA: At a loss of words to explain just what exactly is going wrong for the Indian cricket team, captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Sunday said the side's batsmen have to shoulder more responsibility in the series-deciding fourth Test against England starting on Thursday.After bouncing back to level the series in Mumbai, England took an unbeatable 2-1 lead in the four-match series with a seven-wicket victory at the Eden Gardens, where India lost for the first time in 13 years.\"On a wicket like this, we need to score runs and give the bowlers the liberty of backing up the runs and the situation will be slightly different,\" Dhoni said in the post-match media interaction.\"The batting will have to take up the responsibility. We need to score more runs. It was a very good wicket to bat on. Of course the bowlers will bowl a few good deliveries that we need to keep out.\"But in the top seven most of us have to score runs at the same time so that we have par score which the bowlers can look to defend,\" Dhoni said.Giving full support to off-colour pace spearhead Zaheer Khan , Dhoni reiterated that the bowler was fully fit and putting in his best despite hardly having any wickets to show for it.\"As far as his fitness is concerned, he has been the way he's for the last few years. He's definitely not unfit. He is doing everything.\"About being not effective, maybe the batsmen are playing him better. From behind, it looks he's bowling in the right areas. Maybe this is a phase where he's not getting wickets. But he's bowling the same way, swinging both ways. Fitness is definitely not an issue,\" he said.Asked about the team's poor run, the skipper said: \"It's a very technical question. But the beauty of it is we all know the problem. It would be a great help if we find out the solution as everybody is asking the same question.\"After conceding a 207-run first innings lead, India's bid to save the third Test failed as they slipped from 86 for no loss to 197 for nine, losing six wickets for 36 runs in the post-lunch session on Saturday.On the transition phase in the middle-order after the retirement of veterans Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman , Dhoni said, \"It's a difficult task. It's a situation where everybody will feel a bit of pressure.\"But we will want to get rid of this and back each other well. But as an individual you have to back yourself more. It's a self-belief that's important. The effort has to show. We have to make sure if we get our start, we make it big. In the top seven, at least four or five need to contribute.\"\"It would be very difficult if you don't score too many runs in the first innings and the opponents score runs, you would find yourself under pressure.\"Dhoni, however, backed his bowlers despite the fact that they have struggled to take 20 wickets in a match.\"Overall, the bowlers are doing well. If you are not putting runs on the board, you can't question the bowlers whether they could have defended or not.\"I felt the spinners have done a really good job; a bit more contribution from the fast bowlers would really help the side.\"On the English pacers, who seem to be extracting quite bit out of the Indian dustbowls, he said, \"It was more about the bounce and the length they bowled. Of course they had (Steven) Finn who bowled quicker.\"They constantly looked to put pressure on batsmen. The spinners also looked to bowl in one area. If we were a bit more patient and kept batted for a few long sessions, we would have more opportunity.\"On Yuvraj Singh's slump in form, he said: \"I can't really comment on selection when the team is being selected.\"Asked whether there would be any strategic changes ahead of the fourth Test, Dhoni said: \"We have made it clear what the roles and responsibilities are. But that does not mean we follow a general principle.\"It's important to keep changing. We keep altering the plans, preparations, all those subtle things. Outside we can't really change much. You don't want me to start shouting because that's not really me.\"You won't see a lot of change from outside but you would see a few when you're part of the dressing room.\"Asked about the Nagpur Test, he said, \"From here we really don't know what's there in Nagpur. But we have played on wickets in Nagpur that turned and that did not.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540647", "title": "Urban lifestyle leading to rise in asthmatic children: World Allergy Organisation", "text": "HYDERABAD: Asthma in children is increasing alarmingly in India with at least 15% rise mainly in big metros in thelast 10 years,the WorldAllergy Organisation (WAO ) said. With global warming, increase in pollution and change in lifestyle, the number of asthmatic children has doubled globally compared to what it was in the initial years of the millennium, said Ruby Pawankar, president of WAO on Saturday.\"The situation in India is alarming . There is a steep rise in the number of asthma cases in Indian children ,\" Pawankar told STOI on the sidelines of the ongoing WAO International Scientific Conference in the city.Pawankar said WAO is keen to help India formulate guidelines to try and control allergic diseases . The WAO is interacting with the Union health ministry , the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and also trying to rope in multiple stakeholders to help the government and people in general . \"The government response is positive and hope it would start endorsing ,\" Pawankar said.The rise of asthma in children is now being seen more and more in developing countries such as India.Besides the allergic nature of an individual , wall-to-wall complex urban lifestyle , humidity of the region and lack of personal hygiene are leading to the rise of asthma globally , she said . The constant degradation of bio-diversity , lack of knowledge among common people and prevailing improper training system in India have contributed to the rising cases in the country , she said . \"Patient awareness is vital. Reaching out to the patients, educating them can help in the fight against asthma in children,\" Pawankar added. The World Health Organization (WHO ) estimates 300 million individuals have asthma worldwide including millions in India , a figure that could rise to 400 million by 2025 if trends continue . Comparative studies conducted by the International Study of Asthma and Allergies in Child (ISAAC ) in 1997 and 2003-04 , involving two age groups of children (2-6 years and 13-14 years ), it was found that the number has actually doubled in that time span , she said.According to Pawankar , the first woman president of the WAO , global partnership is needed between organizations , policy makers and the government to combat asthma . Incidentally , the WAO has conducted training programmesin Kenya and nine African countries and the local government after realising that allergies are on the rise has decided to allocate some resources in dealing with these problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540791", "title": "Actor, friend held with cocaine", "text": "HYDERABAD:'Ithye' fame actor Abhishek Kumar and his associate were arrested on Saturday for possessing 10 grams of cocaine . Abhishek had allegedly consumed cocaine with actor Ravi Teja's brothers Bharath and Raghu some time ago and was arrested in a similar case.Addressing a press conference here, deputy commissioner of police (West Zone) G Sudheer Babu said Abhishek and his employee G Srinivasulu were caught with cocaine during the vehicle checking at DK Road, Ameerpet.Police said that Abhishek acted in several movies like 'Ithye' , 'Yela Cheppanu' , 'Nuvastanante Nenu Vaddantana' , 'Danger' , 'Sashi Rekha Parinayam' , 'Gamyam' , 'Kalidas' and 'Gaganam' . \"Since 2007, he has been addicted to cocaine. He had snorted cocaine with businessman Vikram Malhotra, who was arrested in 2008 at Panjagutta in possession of cocaine. Similarly, he also consumed cocaine with co actors and friends besides Bharath and Raghu,'' Sudheer Babu said. The DCP did not rule out the fact that the actor might have bought the contraband in view of the upcoming New Year.According to police, he had bought the drug from a peddler in Goa, where he had stayed for a few years. \"On November 29, Abhishek went to Goa and bought 10 grams of cocaine. On December 2, he returned to Hyderabad with the drug and kept it at the residence of Srinivasulu . Today, when the two were going in a car to consume the drug they were caught,'' police said.Abhishek had operated a restaurant, 'Drop Anchor' , in Goa for a few years, but he had to shut it down after suffering losses. Abhishek had discontinued B Com and later joined the film industry to become an actor. Abhishek, a known face on the party circuit, hails from Muradabad in Uttar Pradesh.Police seized a Skoda car (AP 35 K 5555) and three cell phones. Abhishek Kumar also has criminal past as he was involved in cases under the Gaming Act at the SR Nagar (2005) and Panjagutta (2006) police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17540126", "title": "2 detained for anti-govt pamphlets", "text": "SURAT: Two retired professors Babu Desai and Kishore Desai were detained by Umra police for allegedly distributing leaflets containing anti-government material.Babu Desai, who is a leader of Lok Andolan as well as Satya Sodhak Sabha of the city, told TOI, \"We had given some literature of Lok Andolan to be photo copied at a shop near Chandani Chowk apartment in Piplod. Some BJP workers spotted the material and immediately called the police. Kishore Desai was called by the store owner and was also detained by the police.\"He said that the two were brought to Umra police station and their statements were recorded. \"We are not clear what offense is registered against us as we have neither composed nor printed or distributed any offensive material. We are waiting for the police to act,\" he said.Police Inspector at Umra police station B K Gadhvi did not respond to the calls made to him over the phone. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17539610", "title": "Take a drive in the King\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Vintage 1934 across the city!", "text": "RAIPUR: Here's a rare opportunity to have an exclusive drive in the 'King's' Vintage 1934 Ford B owned by five brothers in the city. In their possession for 50 years now, Mohd Nuruddin, one of the brothers is greatly obsessed and possessive about the asset.\"This Vintage has been exorbitant. It was bought by my father from a king of RajKumar College in 1940s. It was in a very bad shape like a big rotten piece of iron. Bought for Rs 18,000, it took 10 long years to bring it to life!\" said Mohd Nasir.It's nothing less than a king's ride when you are on the road with this Vintage. \"People on the way pull up to have a look and show thumbs up, salute and gestures admiring the vehicle,\" Nasir said. \"We take her out only for leisure on Sundays. The white open Vintage carpeted in red becomes an eye-catcher and a piece of curiosity for others,\" he added.Elite families and youngsters are always asking Nasir for renting the car for a few hours. Though reluctantly, but after examining the person briefly, the brothers oblige. \"There were times when the royal families of city took it for their marital functions and baarat flaunting the king's Vintage before the rich crowd,\" said Nasir.Decked with red roses, the brothers said that it's a part of the routine to decorate it with flowers everyday. After spending up to Rs 8.5-9 lakh, all the five brothers struggled to arrange its parts from Mumbai, Pune, Kolkata, Hyderabad and Delhi for 10 years. In case the car breaks down, it's tough to find a mechanic. \"They are scared to even attempt setting right any kind of issue with the car. They refuse to touch it saying 'nahi ho paega saab,\" Nasir said. One of the brothers Nuruddin, who is equally enthusiastic about such machines then takes on the job of any repairs on the Vintage.Having a rich taste, these automobile enthusiasts are open to buying more cars like this. In the business of a travel agency, the brothers said that there are many parts of the car which are obviously not manufactured now. \"Some are available in the US and some we get manufactured,\" one of the brothers said.Expats and royal families who have know about the car, approach the brothers often luring them with hefty price for this vintage beauty but the response is always negative. \"This won't be sold until we are alive. It is a part of our family,\" they say in chorus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17539011", "title": "Navi Sangvi may get mini ST terminus", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) plans to set up a mini bus terminus in the Navi Sangvi area. The terminus would primarily cater to bus operations to Mumbai, Kolhapur, Satara, Sangli and various destinations in the Konkan region. It would also provide a halt to buses that travel on the Mumbai-Kolhapur route via Katraj-Dehuroad bypass.There was a long-pending demand to start a mini terminus in the city outskirts. Even the traffic police department had proposed that the MSRTC shift bus operations to outer parts of the city, which at present are concentrated at Swargate, Shivajinagar and Pune stations. All these termini are located in the city's central parts.MSRTC sources said, \"The corporation possess a plot of land in Navi Sangvi which is located near the MSRTC's workshop. The authorities are working on the proposal to use this land for a bus terminus. A preliminary survey of this site was proposed recently. Based on the report, the corporation would initiate further steps. The cost of the project, capacity of terminus and scheduling of buses will be discussed later.\"Sources said that the land at Navi Sangvi was uneven and it needed to be leveled. As per the preliminary estimates, the terminus would handle operations of at least 70 to 80 buses. The corporation has a plan to complete the survey and was planning related work in the next six months. Sources said that since the available land was limited, the corporation cannot develop a full-fledged depot.An official in the MSRTC said that though pick-up points have been started at Aundh, Baner and Wakad, the corporation does not have a terminus in Sangvi, Baner, Balewdi and Pashan areas. The commuters have to travel to Shivajinagar and Swargate to catch buses. The commencement of a terminus would benefit commuters in these areas. The official also said that the terminus would ease the pressure on the Shivajingar and Swargate bus termini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17540279", "title": "16 movies to be screened at shorts fest", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The fifth edition of the two-day short film festival \"Shorts 2012\" kicked off at the SNTI auditorium on Saturday. The festival, which was introduced to promote young filmmakers, will showcase 16 films made by professionals and amateurs in Hindi, English and Bengali.\"We are quite hopeful the young filmmakers and potential artists will make effective use of the (film festival) platform,\" said the CEO of Take 5 Communications, Tathagata Bhattacharjee. The Take 5 Communications has organized the event jointly with the city-based Society for Promotion of Professional Excellence.According to the organizers, a few of the films that will be screened here have already travelled to various national and international film festivals.The duration of the films that varies between three minutes to 30 minutes include Chandan Banerjee's \"Mulyayan\" (Bengali) that speaks of generation gap, Shiv Kumar Prasad's \"Janani\", (Hindi) a film on female foeticide \"Bitiya\" (Hindi), a film on discrimination against the girl child by Saurabh Suman Jha and Sunny Kumar's film on child psychology \"Agemet\" (English).\"The Perfect Date\" by Chandradev Bhagat, \"The Good The Bad The Ugly\" (silent) by Prashant Rathi, \"Queen of Roses\" (Bengali) by Abhishek Ganguli, \"Out of Bag\" (silent) by Chandan Dodo Ray, \"I Love You\" (English) by Arun Agrawal are among the other films that will be screened.The festival is all about interaction and learning. The local artists should come for the festival to gather on experience,\" said an organizer. Out of the 16 entries, six are from the Steel City, while the rest are from Kolkata and Mumbai. \"Last year, there were 21 entries,\" said an organizing committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "haveri (karnataka)", "code": "17543649", "title": "Karnataka government totters as ministers openly back Yeddyurappa", "text": "HAVERI (KARNATAKA): The BJP ministry in Karnataka teetered on the edge as six ministers and over a dozen legislators openly backed former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa.Ministers CM Udasi (public works), Shobha Karandlaje (power), Basavaraj Bommai (water resources), Murugesh Nirani (industries), MP Renukacharya (excise) and Revu Naik Belamagi (animal husbandry) attended a breakfast meeting hosted by Yeddyurappa loyalists ahead of a public function here to formally launch the Karnataka Janata Party (KJP).Yeddyurappa was present at the breakfast.Asked about reports that Karandlaje, Bommai and Nirani had offered to quit the ministry, Yeddyurappa told reporters after the breakfast meeting that he had asked all ministers supporting him not to resign.He asserted that there was no threat to the ministry headed by Jagadish Shettar if the BJP accepts that it is running a coalition government with his (Yeddyurappa's) supporters in Karnataka.The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) had earlier warned legislators that even attending the breakfast meeting or tea parties hosted by Yeddyurappa loyalists at Haveri on Sunday would attract disciplinary action.The 69-year-old Yeddyurappa will take over as KJP president at the rally in this north Karnataka town, about 350 km from Bangalore.The defiance by these ministers and legislators came a day after Infrastructure Minister Sunil Valyapure quit the Shettar cabinet, hours after the BJP sacked cooperation minister BJ Puttaswamy and suspended Lok Sabha member GS Basavaraj from the party for backing Yuddyurappa.Shettar, however, remained unfazed. He told reporters in Bangalore that his government had a majority. He also said he had not got the resignation of Valyapure.The BJP has 118 members in the 225-member assembly and 44 in the 75-member legislative council.The Shettar cabinet, including the chief minister, is 34-member strong. With the sacking of Puttaswamy, there is one vacancy in the cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539571", "title": "Govt to face fire over graft in winter session", "text": "MUMBAI: The winter session of the state assembly beginning on Monday is expected to generate a storm, with the opposition planning to corner the government on graft charges against its ministers. Ajit Pawar's controversial comeback in the state cabinet on Friday will likley lend more fire power to the opposition. The opposition has plans to pin the government down on the multi-crore irrigation scam, graft charges against five senior DF ministers, the fragile law and order situation, and the government's failure to address the water scarcity situation, among other issues. To gain an early advantage, the BJP will bring out a black paper on irrigation, on Sunday. It has also demanded an SIT probe on the scam.The Shiv Sena , too, has plans to move a no-confidence motion against it. While government managers are confident that there is no threat to the stability of the government, they are leaving nothing to chance since the motion could present the opposition an opportunity to expose chinks in the govern ment's armour.Parliamentary affairs minister Harshvardhan Patil said, \"It is clear that we have the numbers to defeat any such motion but we are approaching it seriously,\" Patil said. Hinting that the opposition was not united yet on the motion, Khadse said that a decision on it would be taken during an all -party meeting on Sunday. Sources said that it would be interesting to see if CM Prithviraj Chavan and DCM Ajit Pawar can put aside differences and work as one unit. Corruption allegations have also been raised against Sunil Tatkare and Chhagan Bhujbal (both of the NCP), and Rajendra Darda and Shivajirao Moghe (both of the Congress).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17540354", "title": "Enact law soon on effigy burning, Kerala HC tells government", "text": "KOCHI: The state government should strive to speed up implementation of the proposed law to curb burning of effigies, the Kerala high court has suggested. A division bench comprising chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique suggested this while disposing of a public interest litigation seeking a ban on burning of effigies.The government had earlier informed the court that burning of effigies could not be banned as right to protest is part of the fundamental right to feedom of speech. However, a bill is being prepared to restrict the practice , it had told the court.The bill is aimed at imposing reasonable restrictions on the public's right to burn effigies in view of the rise in violence during protests, which results in damage to public and private property, the government said in an affidavit.The petitioner, Ajimon Gangadharan of Mulavukad, had alleged that burning of effigies is an act against humanity and is a barbaric act that reflects the lack of culture of those engaging in the practice.The government submitted that it or any other body cannot dictate to protesters as to how they should protest. Only reasonable restrictions so as not to infringe on the rights of others, not to disturb law and order and not to restrict the right of free movement of others can be imposed.The proposed legislation would be based on suggestions made by two committees appointed by the Supreme Court to study steps to tackle destruction of public and private property during agitations, the affidavit said.The committees had proposed an amendment to the Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act to include the rebuttable presumption that those accused in public property destruction cases are guilty of the offence. It was also suggested that organizers of the protest that caused the damage should also be made liable, in addition to the actual perpetrators of the offence.Any damage caused by effigy burning can be handled with the provisions in the proposed legislation. Until the legislation is enacted, guidelines issued by the director general of police on November 3 would be applicable, the government submitted.The circular asks police officers to hire videographers to collect evidence to prove that those accused of violence are the real culprits. Videos and photos collected in this manner are admissible as evidence before courts in the wake of amendments to the Evidence Act, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17539346", "title": "Candidates with meagre assets also in the fray", "text": "VADODARA: While moneybags in fray during polls remain in focus, there are those who show meager assets in their declarations far below the standards of even a common man in the city. From the major contesting parties - the Congress and the BJP - in the second phase, the candidates with the lowest assets are from central Gujarat's backward area of Dahod district and a candidate from Kalol in Panchmahal from the region, who subsequently withdrew, had declared lowest assets in this phase at 'Nil'.An analysis of affidavits by Gujarat Election Watch reveals that amongst the Congress and the BJP candidates, Ramesh Katara of the BJP contesting from Fatepura in the tribal-dominated Dahod is the one who has shown the lowest assets. Katara has stated in his affidavit that he has assets of about Rs 6 lakh. His wife has assets of Rs 3.3 lakh.Similarly, Congress candidate from Limkheda Punabhai Bariya in Dahod has declared that he has assets amounting to Rs 9.74 lakh while his wife has assets worth Rs 70,000.Interestingly, Katara has declared that he has no vehicle in his name. Bariya has stated that he owns a jeep purchased in the year 2000, a bike purchased in 2007 and a light commercial vehicle purchased in 1994.Amongst other candidates, Bharati Parmar of SUCI (Communist) contesting from Akota has declared assets worth Rs 4,503 only. These include just cash on hand and bank balance. Her husband Tapan Dasgupta has cash and bank balance amounting to Rs 8,210 and owns a house worth Rs 1.45 lakh in a housing board scheme at Akota.Balwant Solanki had filed nomination for Kalol assembly constituency declaring the lowest assets at 'Nil'. Balwant said he was a dummy candidate for his father Gopal Solanki, a Samajwadi Party candidate, who owns all assets. Balwant said he is dependent on his father. Balwant withdrew nomination after his father's form cleared scrutiny.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17541601", "title": "Conclave brings Nobel laureates to IIIT-A", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Fifth Science Conclave, organised by the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad (IIIT-A) opened with a grand ceremony in the presence of a galaxy of Noble laureates, renowned scientists and 1,600 participants from ASEAN , SAARC and across the country at Jhalwa campus, here on Saturday.Speaking at the inaugural session Robert F Curl, Nobel prize winner of 1996 in the field of chemistry, posed a question to the audience: 'Why is Nobel prize considered such a big deal?' He answered his question saying that it was not a big deal as each and everyone was capable of winning it if they just keep their eyes and ears open all the time.\"Today, we will explore the rich chemistry and physics of elemental carbon. I will begin by describing some of the many structures that elemental carbon can take. The aim of this talk is first to acquaint you with the enormous flexibility of the bonding of carbon with itself. Carbon makes very strong chemical bonds with other carbon atoms. These can be single bonds as in diamond or double bonds as in the hexagonal sheet motif and in the fullerenes. A carbon atom can also make a triple bond with another carbon atom. This did not show up in any of the structures we have seen here,\" he told the audience, expressing gratitude to his team members for the discovery of fullerene.Padmashri Govardhan Mehta, FNA, FRS and Chancellor, IIIT-A in his inaugural address emphasised learning to dream big and not to be deterred by failures and risks in life. He said these science conclaves were run in an efficient and credible manner to popularise science in India and particularly to enthuse young minds towards a career in science through exposure to inspirational individuals and their research contributions. Dr M D Tiwari director of IIIT-A said in his welcome address that it was a rare and memorable occasion to flag off the week-long Fifth Science Conclave where five Nobel laureates, eminent scientists, executives and students would get to interact with each other to achieve the noble objective of promoting science. He remembered his days spent at the Lindau Conclave in Germany in 1969 as a select participant, specifically for the typical psychological orientation in sciences.Ramji Prasad from Denmark emphasised the importance of time in the life of an individual. He called upon young science students to stick with timing if they were keen to do something concrete in their lives. Padma Vibhushan Jayant Vishnu Narlikar, Emeritus Professor at Inter-University Centre for Astronomy &amp; Astrophysics, Pune, said we should not lose time rather use for good purpose.R P Agarwal, former Secretary at MHRD, Government of India gave the clarion call to students to be innovative so that the country could make a real progress. He said teachers in Indian universities were paid higher in comparison to par captia income in the whole world. M Radhakrishna and G C Nandi presented a brief account of the science conclave.Earlier in morning, the conclave started with the lightning of the inaugural lamp followed by 'Saraswati vandana' performed by students at the serenely beautiful main pandal in the middle of a sports ground. In the afternoon, Nobel scientist Robert F Curl and Goverdhan Mehta inaugurated the newly built auditorium amid chanting of vedic mantras.Shyam Sundar from Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai spoke on 'Computing Legacy of Alan M. Turing'. After a lunch break, five sessions were conducted at different venues including CC-3, auditorium and pandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538860", "title": "Experts discuss retail FDI", "text": "LUCKNOW: What will be the impact of foreign direct investment ( FDI ) in retail on the agribusiness sector? How can farmers be saved from selling their products even at a price which is not suitable to them? Replying to the first question, experts including Venkatadri chief operating officer agribusiness Tata Rallis and Amit Singh , programme director Sunhara Walmart Project a CSR wing of Walmart, said it would benefit consumers as they will have more choice at comparatively lower prices. To the second question, the idea came up of a warehouse helping farmers from selling their products forcibly.\"Farmers are forced to sell their products completely to retailers even if they are offered a lower price as they can't afford to take it back. But if the warehouse facility is provided to them they can store products and sell whenever they get the best price. This saves them from exploitation,'' said Nikhil, a student who participated in the conclave.From panel discussions to case study competitions and simulation games to live projects, representatives from different organisations and institutions expressed views and identified challenges in the domain.The conclave also focused on the latest trends in Indian agriculture, its implications on businesses. In the evening, traders tried their hands at carbon trading and demonstrated how sustainable projects can be made possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17540490", "title": "'Construction industry employs 40m'", "text": "MYSORE: India's construction industry employs a work force of nearly 40 million and is the second-largest contributor to GDP after the agricultural sector, said V K Jagadish Babu, chairman of Buildtech-2012.He was speaking at Build Tech-2012, 12th international technical seminar on 'Emerging Trends in Construction Technology and Housing for All' organized by Builders' Association of India (BAI) and Credai (Mysore). \"India needs affordable houses, and only mass technology or construction will help individuals get houses,\" he said.Mysore City Corporation commissioner M R Ravi called upon builders in the city to design houses that are similar to heritage buildings. \"Any advanced construction technology is not suitable for Mysore as it kills the heritage tag,\" he stated, adding that the city has 19 centuries-old structures considered as heritage buildings. In a few days, 200 more structures would be added to the list.In his keynote address, C S Vishwanatha, chairman of Civil-Aid Technoclinic Private Ltd, spoke on construction on marvels of recent times. He pointed out that foreign countries finish mega projects in half the time of what India takes for the same. He listed some recent mega constructions like Milliau Viaduct bridge in France, 36km ocean bridge Hangzhou in China, Bandra-Worli bridge, Narmada canal project and \"China's amazing construction of a 30-story building that took only 360 hours\".\"India is one of the fastest-growing countries with regard to construction industry and infrastructural development,\" Vishwanatha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540950", "title": "Chhattisgarh CM wants Tata to invest in state", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal's loss has been Gujarat's gain and now even Chhattisgarh doesn't want to be left behind. Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh came to the Pan IIT Global Conference, 2012, at Kolkata to invite automaker Tata Motors to his state.Now it's Chattisgarh calling. Chattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh came to the Pan IIT Global Conference, 2012, at Kolkata to invite automaker Tata Motors to his state when the company shifted out of Singur in 2008.Singh made a PowerPoint presentation to the gathering represented by 500 CEOs and entrepreneurs at the Science City auditorium on Saturday and later met Tata Motors vice-chairman Ravi Kant over lunch. When asked about the meeting, the Chhattisgarh CM told reporters that the meeting went off well. had a good meeting with Tata Motors vice chairman.\"We have asked them to come to Chhattisgarh and explore opportunities in the automobile sector. He has agreed to come and see what they can do,\" Singh said.This isn't all. Singh also showcased the mineral reserves in his state to convince the highly placed IIT alumni to come and invest in the state that has been able to contain the terror of Maoists to a large extent. \"Bastar district in our state was Maoist infested and everybody knows that. But now, the situation is changing. National Mineral Development Corporation ( NMDC ) is setting up a mega steel plant in Bastar. The work will start soon,\" he added. Singh assured that within the next 10 years, Naxalites will no longer pose a problem in Chhattisgarh.\"We are right in the middle of India and the state ideally suited for big investments considering the minerals we have,\" the Chhattisgarh CM said.Singh's coming down to Kolkata to lure Tata Motors has assumed significance when the automajor is locked in a legal battle with Bengal government in the Supreme Court over the deserted Singur land. Industry insiders view this as a sincere effort to woo investment when the company didn't rule out possibilities of an automobile plant in Bengal. \"Who knows may be someday we will have a Tata Motors factory somewhere in Bengal and hopefully we will be welcomed,\" Ratan Tata had earlier said after the annual general meeting of Tata Global Beverages .Whether Tata Motors will stay in Bengal only future can tell, but there was some solace from Infosys on Saturday. The co-chairman of Infosys, Kris Gopal Krishnan indicated to TOI that the IT giant will not shelve the Bengal project, but it will carry on only if it gets SEZ status and is ready to wait for it. \"We are ready to wait for the project,\" he said at the side-lines of PanIIT Global Summit. Infosys co-chairman indicated that it is waiting for state governments proposal in this regard. The Infosys project in the state hit a hurdle when the state government denied the special economic zone (SEZ) status to it, as the state government is \"in principle\" against SEZ policy. Infosys has taken a 50-acre plot in the Rajarhat area and has also paid in full the amount in October last year. In an e-mail in April, Binod Ham-papur, senior vice president and global head, commercial and corporate relations of Infosys, had told TOI: \"We have put the Kolkata project on hold for the time being. We shall review and proceed at an appropriate time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538872", "title": "Shia board slams Pak for attack onminorities in Pakistan", "text": "LUCKNOW: The All India Shia Personal Law Board has condemned attacks on Shia Muslims, Hindus and Sikh natives in Pakistan. Addressing reporters, spokesperson of AISPLB, Maulana Yasoob Abbas said that Pakistan had anti-Islamic polices, which are responsible for atrocities on Hindu and Sikh communities in the country.\"We condemn the series of bomb blasts took place in the cities of Pakistan targeting Muharram processions carried out by Shias and ongoing atrocities on Hindus and Sikhs,\" Yasoob told TOI. He announced that the AISPLB would carry out a massive protest in the state capital against killings on December 17. \"Rally will be carried out from Nakkhas towards Vidhan Sabha against the anti-Shia and minorities policy of Pakistan. We have invited number of organisations and clerics to join the protest,\" he shared.Yasoob alleged that though the government of Pakistan claims to provide better protection and security to the minorities there, but all those are false claims, which can be assessed through the figures of killings taken place in past some years. \"Pak government should improve the security scenario in the country and should wipe of the terrorist organisations, which were stained with the blood of innocent lives,\" he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17540679", "title": "5-year-old flung into boiling oil by UP goons", "text": "KANPUR: In a horrific incident, a five-year-old girl sustained serious burn wounds after being thrown into a cauldron full of boiling oil by two hoodlums.The incident took place in Sakreti area in Shivrajpur. The girl had been identified as Saumya Pandey, daughter of Avneesh Pandey, owner of a 'chaat' shop in the area. The girl's father told Shivrajpur police that two local youth Vipin and Chhotu were forcing him to serve 'chaat' free of cost as 'goonda tax' every day.On Saturday morning, when Pandey refused, Vipin and Chhotu ransacked his shop and thrashed him. When his wife Reena tried to stop them, the two lifted their daughter Saumya and threw her in the cauldron in which oil was being heated.Additional superintendent of police Manoj Sonkar said a case has been registered against Vipin and Chhotu. A manhunt had been launched to nab them.Saumya, was admitted at Ursula Horsman Hospital in a critical condition. Doctors said that she sustained major burn injuries.Reacting sharply to the incident, president of the Mahila Manch, Neelam Chaturvedi, said: \"This barbaric and painful act only reflects the po or law and order situation in the state.\"\"It is a shame that such an incident has taken place in the assembly segment of MLA Aruna Kumari Kori, who holds an important portfolio of women welfare and culture in the state ministry. I will talk to her about justice being done to the victim.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17538629", "title": "Cuttack civic body to renovate 18th century mosque", "text": "CUTTACK: The ancient shrine of Qadam-I-Rasool is all set for a renovation by the Cuttack Municipal Corporation. The footprints of Prophet Mohammed are preserved in this mosque. Qadam-I-Rasool literally means \"footprints of the Prophet.\" Nawab Sujauddin Mohammed had built this shrine in the 18th century. It's one of the most popular mosques in the region but years of neglect have left it crumbling. \"We have sent a master plan to the state government. The Rs 1.95-crore project is likely to be financed by the government,\" said Saumendra Ghose, Cuttack mayor.The renovation would include the construction of a boundary wall, a guest house, beautification of the garden, better lighting facilities and revival of the pond. Despite being a major tourist attraction, the upkeep of the place is very poor. Not much has been done by the district administration to develop the place either.\"The mosque attracts over three lakh visitors annually. But it is in a dilapidated state and crying for attention,\" said Sk Ahmed, a regular visitor to the mosque.The civic body is hopeful that after the renovation, the mosque will attract more tourists. \"The shrine will look beautiful after the renovation,\" said the local councillor.In terms of architectural splendour, the mosque combines both Hindu and Muslim designs. Octagonal in shape, the dome of the mosque is crowned by a golden pinnacle. The interiors boast of some spectacular paintings and floral motifs. At the centre is the holy relic on a circular stone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540888", "title": "Trader attacked", "text": "KOLKATA: A businessman was seriously injured in an attack by goons at his home in Baguiati on Friday night. Biswanath Mishra has filed an FIR saying he was being threatened by extortionists for some time.According to the complaint lodged by the victim, Biswanath Mitra, who is associated with export and import business and a resident of Hanapara in Kestopur ,two miscreants barged into his house on Friday night. The duo beat him up severely and punched hard on his head and fled the spot.Mitra said in his complaint, \"I had received threatning calls several times from somebody who demanded money which I already informed the police. On Friday the two miscreants stormed into my house and demanded a hefty amount from me. When I strongly refused they attacked me and beat me up severely.\"Police have started an investigation in this connection. \"The raids are on to nab the culprits. We are also investigating whether any business rivalry could have led the attack,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543453", "title": "Thank You, Lady Gaga to Medvedev", "text": "American pop diva Lady Gaga has expressed her gratitude to Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev for what she perceives to be his lack of support for legislation barring \"homosexual propaganda\" in Russia.\"Thank You Prime Minister Medvedev for not standing by your party's anti-gay propaganda law &amp; instead supporting my show+fans all over Russia ,\" she said via her Twitter feed Saturday, ahead of a scheduled performance in St. Petersburg.Medvedev told journalists during a live televised interview Friday that he sees no need for legislative regulation of homosexuality in Russia, a controversial issue that has attracted jeers from critics who have blasted recently passed anti-gay laws in several Russian regions.\"Not all moral issues, not all behavioral patterns, not all issues of communication between people need to be regulated by law,\" he said.Medvedev's comments arrive two weeks before the State Duma, Russia's lower house of parliament, will consider a federal draft bill banning \"homosexual propaganda\".Several Russian regions, including St. Petersburg , have already passed such a law, which is aimed at protecting children from what lawmakers claim is the danger of gay \"propaganda\".Lady Gaga, known for her extravagance and eccentric performances, is also an outspoken advocate of gay rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17540311", "title": "Poor sales at book fair rattle publishers", "text": "RANCHI: Although 40 publication houses display their 40 lakh books in 130 stalls witnessing more than one lakh footfall in a week in the ongoing National Book Fair here, publishers and sellers still do not have a smile on their faces on the 10th day of the event.\"The sale has been very low this time - maybe because of the wrong timing of the fair as it is a time when students, who are the main buyers, are busy with their examinations. If the fair was organized 20 days later, we could have expected profit. The reason for higher footfall may be free entry for students from Monday to Friday when many college students came browsed the books and left,\" said Manish Burman of Books World.The book fair running in the city from November 30 is supposed to end on Sunday and publishers are expecting a high sale on the last date. Bablu Kumar of Raja Pocket books said, \"The sale has been comparatively low this year but we are expecting a high sale on the last day as it is a Sunday and book lovers wouldn't miss the opportunity of buying cheap books.\"English romantic fiction is very much in demand in the fair among youths. Pragati Sinha, a student of Women's College, said, \"I bought two fiction books at the fair. The good part about the fair is that we get many varieties under the same roof at an affordable price.\"The school students were seen buying ghost stories, science fictions and comic books whereas the literature was a hit among middle-aged people. Women were more interested in books related to festivals and cookery.Anti-depression, \"trataka\" and yoga-related books were also in demand at the fair. Dinanath Rai, writer and publisher of several books related to anti-depression owned a stall at the fair. He said, \"Most of the physical problems evolve due to depression. In the race of keeping up with the fast pace of world, people are becoming victims of depression. My books show them the way to deal with depression and so they love these books.\"Organizer of book fair Chandra Bhushan said, \"The heavy footfall at the fair shows that despite the development in technology, people are still interested in reading books. We are expecting a huge footfall on the last day of fair on Sunday. The next book fair will be organized in Dhanbad from December 14 to 23.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17542546", "title": "Several good signs for Indian hockey at CT: Nobbs", "text": "MELBOURNE: Disappointed he might be on missing out on a medal but India's hockey coach Michael Nobbs said there were several good signs for his team during the Champions Trophy in which it finished fourth after losing to Pakistan in the bronze medal playoff on Sunday.\"It's a good effort to make the semifinals at the Champions Trophy after the disappointing show at the Olympics,\" said Nobbs after the 2-3 loss to Pakistan on Sunday.\"A bronze medal would have been wonderful, but we did not do enough today,\" he added.Nobbs said the Indian strikers could not match the good work of the defenders.\"Our defence had a remarkable tournament and they did well again today. But our finishing was not good enough. There was a lot of mis-trapping by the forwards and that gave away the chances we managed to create. Those were soft errors, something the boys need to work on,\" said the Australian.\"Probably some of the mistakes were also due to inexperience, but we have the making of a good side. There are a several good signs for Indian hockey from this tournament,\" he added.Nobbs complimented the two deep defenders -- VR Raghunath and Rupinder Pal Singh -- for their compact game, and also young goalkeeper TR Potunuri.Nobbs said captain Sardar Singh had managed to continue playing with a very sore shoulder and a twisted ankle as well.\"Besides Sardar, forward SV Sunil and midfielder Manpreet Singh also ignored pain to continue playing throughout the tournament,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17544040", "title": "I will continue telling my stories: Mo Yan", "text": "Chinese writer Mo Yan, winner of the 2012 Nobel Prize in Literature, described himself as a storyteller in a lecture at the Swedish Academy .It is telling stories that earned me the prize, Mo Yan said Friday.In the lecture titled \"Storytellers\", he talked about how he started story telling as a child and shared with the listeners his memory of his childhood and mother, \"the person who is most on my mind at this moment\".\"As repayment for mother's kindness and a way to demonstrate my memory, I'd retell the stories for her in vivid detail,\" said Mo Yan.He also recalled being surrounded by adults instead of children of his age after he dropped out of school, which \"created a powerful reality\" in his mind and later became a part of his own fiction.By introducing the background of his most famous works such as \"Frog\", \"Life and Death are Wearing Me Out\", \"Big Breasts and Wide Hips\", \"The Garlic Ballads\", \"Sandalwood Death\" and \"The Transparent Carrot\", Mo Yan shared the inspiration behind the stories and the way they were produced.\"Many interesting things have happened to me in the wake of winning the prize, and they have convinced me that truth and justice are alive and well,\" said Mo Yan.\"So I will continue telling my stories in the days to come,\" he said.Mo Yan, who arrived in Sweden Thursday, will attend the Nobel Prize award ceremony and the Nobel banquet next Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17539738", "title": "Chain snatching cases on rise", "text": "UJJAIN: Four incidents of chain snatching in a month's time have raised a question mark on the efficiency of police patrolling in the city. Women are now scared of wearing ornaments, particularly while riding two wheelers.The latest victim is Preeti Jain, wife of Girish Jain, a resident of Abdalpura. Snatchers, riding a motorbike, targeted her near Khajurwali Masjid in old city area on Saturday evening. She has filed a report at Jiwajiganj police station, saying that the chain was worth over Rs 50000. Notably, the spot is densely populated, but the culprits managed to flee successfully.Similarly, a woman professor was targeted on Madhav Club Road on Friday afternoon when she was returning from the college on her scooty. The victim sustained injuries after falling from the vehicle when miscreants hit her two-wheeler. As the chain was artificial, she did not turn to the police.Another professor, Kalpana Sanger, had become the victim in new city area on November 12 whereas Neelima Swarnakar, a resident of Rishinagar, was targeted on December 3. Police sources said some 17 incidents of chain snatching have already taken place in the current year. The police have put barricades at 18 points in the city and constables, both men and women, have been deployed to frisk suspected persons, but no breakthrough could be achieved. Ujjain police have also received nine PCR vans recently from the headquarters which have been allotted to nine police stations in city limits. But the steps seem futile in creating terror among the miscreants. In view of frequent incidents, women have been avoiding travelling on scooter and moped. \"My husband has clearly instructed me either to leave the mangalsutra at home or use city bus to go to the market,\" said homemaker Abha Shah who used to do her day to day chores on scooter in the past. Asked, SP, Rakesh Gupta, said chain snatching is a typical type of urban crime and victims often are unable to offer any clues about the miscreants.Disagreeing that there was an increase in snatching cases, the SP claimed that the culprits would be nabbed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540823", "title": "No funds to save Durgam Cheruvu from sewage inflow", "text": "HYDERABAD: Work proposed for diverting sewage entering the Durgam Cheruvu is yet to become reality due to the delay in release of funds by Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) and Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation Ltd (APIIC).Sensing an increasing threat to Durgam Cheruvu due to the release of untreated sewage, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) had sent proposals to the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department in May requesting permission to take up work for interception and diversion (I&D;) structures , micro tunneling of pipelines and construction of a sewage treatment plan (STP) at an estimated cost of Rs 35 crore. Based on the proposals, the MA&UD; issued a GO (Ms No 1220) on September 17 according administrative sanction for the Rs 35-crore project at the lake spread over nearly 83 acres.As per the GO, the APIIC has to shell out Rs 30 crore, while the GHMC will provide the remaining Rs 5 crore for grounding civil works. The government had, in the GO, directed GHMC and APIIC to deposit the amount with the Water Board for taking up the work. \"After the GO was released , the Water Board sent letters to both GHMC and APIIC to deposit their share.However, so far, there has been no response from them. We have sent another reminder a few days ago,\" HMWS&amp;SBprojects-III; , chief general manager, G M Manohar said. According to the proposals , the Water Board has suggested two I&D; structures \u00e2\u20ac\u201dMadhapur nala, Silent Valley nala, formation of ring bund around the lake, including laying main ring, micro tunneling of pipeline and construction of manholes under phase-I.The Water Board is ready to float tenders for the proposed works like I&D; structures, formation of ring bund around Durgam Cheruvu, micro tunneling and laying ring sewer main under phase-I if the two government bodies provide the necessary funds.The HMWS&SB; has also proposed construction of a STP at Mallika Cheruvu near Durgam Cheruvu under phase-II . \"Though the land has been identified, revenue officials have not yet handed it over to us,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17540717", "title": "Student's death in accident sparks tension in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: An eleven-year-old girl student of a school in Panki died in an accident at Bamba locality on Saturday morning, sparking tension and traffic jam for about two hours.Tanushka Shukla, daughter of Shiv Kishore of Kalyanpur Kalan and her brother Prashant was on way back home from her school on a bicycle, which was hit by a speeding truck.The girl fell from cycle and came under the wheels of the truck. She died on the spot. An irate mob gathered at the spot and started throwing stones at the truck and tried to set it ablaze. The crowd also blocked the road for over two hours.Tanushka along with her brother Prashant had gone to attend parents teacher meeting at the school.The mob siphoned out diesel from the tank of the truck, poured it on the vehicle and tried to set it ablaze.Police reached the spot and appealed to the public to maintain peace and assured them of action into the case. Prashant's bicycle skidded because of poor condition of the road.PAC jawan dead: Kaushlendra, a PAC jawan was run-over by a train in Kalyanpur on Saturday. He was posted at 8th battalion of PAC in Bareilly and going to board a train from a railway station in Kalyanpur for Fatehgarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538734", "title": "Sheila Dikshit for measures to make Delhi heart healthy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit who recently underwent an angioplasty to unclog blocked arteries has now become the latest \"healthy heart\" ambassador.Dikshit is believed to have asked the 4,000-member strong Cardiology Society of India (CSI) to draft chapters that will be incorporated in the school syllabus in the city on \"how to keep your heart healthy\" for students of Class IX to XII.Dikshit is also using her muscle to back a proposal by the CSI to ban food with transfat in schools and in the tiffin boxes of students.Speaking at the annual conference of the CSI, Dikshit on Thursday said a roadmap will be formulated in the next few months on how to make Delhi and other states heart healthy.She said Delhi is home to \"around 50 first class private and government hospitals and there is a clear possibility for a public private partnership on making the state heart healthy\".CSI president Dr Ashok Seth, who recently conducted the angioplasty on Dikshit submitted a memorandum that promises to make Delhi a \"happy heart state.\"The memorandum says that CSI offers its partnership to the Delhi government to create \"public awareness campaigns regarding heart disease, heart attacks and its prevention, create heart health awareness in school children, creation and implementation of curriculum related to prevention of heart disease and promotion of heart healthy diets\".The CSI also envisions conducting mass cholesterol and obesity checks, regulate transfats in packaged and restaurant foods, encourage exercise through more green spaces and fresh air and mandate offices, employees and corporates to implement healthy heart policies at work.Speaking to TOI, Dr Seth said \"it is the most formative years for children in classes IX to XII and if they are formally taught how to keep their heart healthy, they will grow up to be fit.\" A recent study by Dr Anoop Misra from Fortis hospital found that the prevalence of obesity has increased significantly in the past three years in urban Asian Indian adolescents aged 14-17 years in north India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538749", "title": "Molestation case against PCF official", "text": "LUCKNOW: A first information report against a senior official of the UP Cooperative Federation Limited (PCF) has been registered by police with charges of outraging modesty of a woman employee of the department.The a class IV woman employee of PCF alleged that Ravindra Singh, general manager (seed and fertilizer) made caste-based derogatory remarks against her. She added that Singh called her inside his cabin and behaved inappropriately with her and she offered resistance. Singh rebuked all charges and said his image was being tarnished by a rival group in the department.In the said incident, the woman alleged she was called inside Singh's cabin to serve a glass of water. \"Instead of accepting the water Singh held my hand and started dragging me to another section of his office. I resisted the move and as a result was victimised by senior department officials on various accounts,\" alleged the woman.Singh maintained he had been given clean-chit in an internal inquiry in the matter earlier. tnnHer plea was turned down by senior officials as well as police for months and she had to knock doors of the court which ordered police to register the case on November 30. Subsequently, the official was booked by Hussainganj police on December 3. The police pressed charges against Singh under IPC sections of 354, 504, 506 and also SC/ST Act. \"Investigations are underway and we will share the findings in some weeks,\" confirmed Dinesh Yadav, circle officer of Hazratganj police.\"Singh got the inquiry shelved by his clout in the department,\" the woman countered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17540232", "title": "Power preference to Chennai irks districts", "text": "CHENNAI: Will Chennai continue to get preferential treatment as the power-starved state juggles with dwindling resources? The long hours of power outages in the districts as compared to just two hours of load-shedding in Chennai have triggered heartburn among consumers across the state. The Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission (TNERC), which has sought comments from stakeholders, will take a decision soon on the disparity.Recently, the Madurai Bench of the Madras high court directed the TNERC, which has the authority to rationalise electricity tariff as well as decide on policy issues, to look into a petition filed by the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry. A case was filed against the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Company (Tangedco) before the Madurai bench by stakeholders questioning the preferential treatment for Chennai. \"As per the court order, we posted Tangedco's petition defending itself on the power outages in the state on our website for comments. We will receive the comments until December 21 after which a hearing will be held and orders passed,\" a senior TNERC official told TOI.The state power utility (Tangedco) in its petition filed with the TNERC said it wanted to continue with the current system of power distribution in the state, which includes two hours of power cuts in Chennai and eight to 12 hours loadshedding in other parts of the state. But domestic and industrial consumers, mostly in the districts, have demanded equitable distribution of power or equitable power cuts across the state.In its petition, Tangedco defended less power cuts for Chennai saying the city being the state capital where the legislative assembly, high court, consulates, secretariat and important offices were located, uninterrupted power supply was essential. Moreover, the city also has multi-storeyed buildings with lifts used for domestic and commercial purposes and hospitals, so the long hours of load-shedding would cause hardships.The TNERC after admitting the Tangedco petition has impleaded state government and the energy department as respondents. \"There are certain issues relating to tax exemption, which also forms part of the exercise so the energy department and the government have been impleaded,\" the official said.The petition filed by the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry sought equitable distribution of power and the Madurai bench of the Madras high court observed that the Tangedco cannot resort to unscheduled load shedding for 12 to 16 hours a day without obtaining necessary approval from the regulatory commission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17540369", "title": "Xmas rings in early", "text": "LUDHIANA: Come December and an air of festivity can be felt in Ludhiana, where celebrations begin with the festival's preparations.From shopping for presents, putting up decorations and cooking special delicacies, Christian families in city spend weeks trying to make December 25 special. With the vibrant red and white theme, markets in city too are flooded with goodies right from trees to decorations and eatables. Suneeta Chopra of Kidwai Nagar, said, \"Christmas is a festival which is celebrated by people from all cultures with equal delight. For me the best part is carol singing. Every year I celebrate with a Christian family living next door.\"From shopping for presents, putting up decorations and cooking special delicacies, Christian families in city spend weeks trying to make December 25 special.The \"star\" which symbolizes the birth of Christ is already shining at most Christian houses marking the beginning of festival while the families spend their evenings praying and singing carols. Babu Koshy, 36, businessman and resident of Dugri, said, \"My kids, Roshini and Rehaan, have already started decorating the Christmas tree. I along with my wife Faritha, 36, who is a Muslim follow the 21-day fasting and go around carol singing to spread the cheer.\"Meanwhile, around 150 members of the Marthoma Syrian Church, Mohar Singh, also marked the advent of the Christmas on Saturday. The members gathered at the CMC Hospital and sang carols and rejoiced the birth of Christ spreading the message of peace and joy. The choir was lead by Dr Abhijeet Roy, 23, and Liji Rachel Thomas, 22, who sang carols in Hindi, English and Malayalam, leaving the gathering mesmerized. The special guest of the day was Zaira, a student from Tanzania , who sung a carol in Spanish.Vicar Reverend Bijoy Daniel said, \"Every year we have hundreds of locals visiting the church and taking part in the festival. And since Christmas is all about love and sharing, the festival is incomplete without the love and support of people from all cultures.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17540414", "title": "Temple priests to get ID cards", "text": "MANGALORE: If everything goes as planned by the religious endowment department, archaks (temple priests) working in temples under it will get identity cards.Minister for religious endowment Kota Srinivas Poojary said on Saturday that the department is mulling various proposals for the welfare of archaks in the state.\"We have plans to introduce schemes to distribute compensation to archaks or their family members in case of emergency. We will take initiatives to revise their wage and benefits. Salary of all employees in the department will be revised according to the recommendations of the Sixth Pay Commission. A committee has been set up to study all their problems,\" he said, after inaugurating the district-level convention and workshop for archaks held under the aegis of district dharmika parishat and religious endowment department.Srinivas said the department will release Rs 5 lakh each to temples to build houses for its archaks. A total of 14 temples in Dakshina Kannada will get funds to construct houses for archaks, he added. Though there are 34,266 temples that come under the department in the state, only 125 belong to category A with above Rs 25 lakh income. \"A total of 33,950 temples in the state belong to category B, where the annual income is below Rs 5 lakh,\" he added.Boost to temple tourismThe department has declared 25 temples in the state as pilgrim tourism centres and released Rs 1 crore for the development of infrastructure there, Srinivas said. \"Infrastructure, including rooms and garden, will be provided and a tourism officer will be appointed in selected temples. We are in touch with the KSRTC to introduce special tours to these temples during summer,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17539770", "title": "Wipro buys Singapore FMCG firm for Rs 790 crore", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro Consumer Care and Lightning (WCCL) has acquired the Singapore-based FMCG company LD Waxson for $144 million (approximately Rs 790 crore).This is WCCL's second largest acquisition; it had acquired Unza, another Singapore-based FMCG brand, in 2007 for $246 million. WCCL's portfolio of national and international brands includes Santoor, Chandrika , Aramusk, Enchanteur, Yardley, and Woods of Windsor .LD Waxson will give Wipro ownership of skincare brands such as Bio-essence and Ginvera, and the healthcare brand Ebene. The acquisition will give WCCL a foothold in emerging consumer care markets such as Taiwan and western and eastern China, increase WCCL's market share in the Malaysian facial care market from 17% to 26% and take the company to a leadership position in Singapore.LD Waxson has manufacturing facilities in China and Malaysia. The company is expected to end the calendar year 2012 with revenues of about $68million. While Wipro will not bring any of these newly acquired brands to India in the near future, Vineet Agrawal, president WCCL, said, \"We are looking to take the LD Waxson brands to other markets such as Vietnam and Indonesia, which have a large Chinese population.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17540367", "title": "Navy puts up a command performance", "text": "KOCHI: The Southern Naval Command (SNC) never ceases to amaze, and the crowd that gathered for Staurday's demonstration of its operational capabilities, an annual event, on the waterfront facing Rajendra Maidan and Netaji Subhash Park was proof for it.The event kicked off with marine commandos carrying out a simulated beach assault, which had the team leader coming ashore in his combat rig to deliver the programme brochure of the Navy Day to chief minster Oommen Chandy .A fly past by various Navy and Coast Guard aircraft, including the giant TU-142 aircraft and IL-38, followed. Navy personnel also showcased water sports such as waterskiing and jet skiing, much the delight of the audience. The VBSS (visit, board, search and seize) operation gave a large number of spectators at the venue a closer look at the capability of the two maritime forces.There were also helicopter demonstrations, which included a Seaking helicopter flying with a Maruti Gypsy under slung and a STIE (small team insertion and extraction) operation, wherein commandos were first dropped and then withdrawn from a hostile area by two Chetak helicopters. The Chetak helicopters landed on the helicopter deck of INS Sutlej, which was anchored nearby.Later INS Kabra, INS Kalpeni and two Indian Coast Guard fast patrol vessels demonstrated their maneuvering skills on the Kochi channel. Earlier, the chief minister was received at the venue by Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief Southern Naval Command, Vice Admiral Satish Soni.Kochi: The Southern Naval Command held a demonstration of its operational capabilities at the waterfront facing Rajendra Maidan and Netaji Subhash Park on Saturday.Organized as part of the Navy day celebrations, the demonstration started with marine commandos carrying out a simulated beach assault that saw the marine commando team leader coming ashore in his combat rig to deliver the programme brochure to chief guest, Oommen Chandy. The chief minister was earlier received at the venue by Flag Officer Commanding in Chief Southern Naval Command, vice admiral Satish Soni.Thereafter a fly past by various Navy and Coast Guard aircraft including the giant TU- 142 aircraft and the IL-38 ensued. They also demonstrated various water sports, including waterskiing and jet skiing. The VBSS (Visit, Board, Search and Seize) operation gave the large number of spectators who had gathered at the venue to have a closer look at the versatility and courage of the two maritime forces.They also had helicopter demonstrations, which included the Seaking helicopter flying past the crowd with a Maruti Gypsy under slung and STIE (small team insertion and extraction) operation where commandos were dropped, then withdrawn from a hostile area by two Chetak helicopters. Then the Chetak helicopter landed on the helicopter deck of ship- INS Sutlej - which was underway.Eventually, the marine commandos managed to take over the enemy's offshore installation and destroyed it.Later, INS Kabra, INS Kalpeni and two Indian Coast Guard fast patrol vessels demonstrated their maneuvering skills by turning on the spot several times in the restricted waters of Kochi channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539572", "title": "Asia-Pacific tourists prefer travel agents", "text": "MUMBAI: It is an interesting conundrum. While travellers from Asia-Pacific countries are more prolific than others in uploading new pictures or updating status messages on social media networking sites when on a holiday, they do just the opposite to book one. They go traditional and knock on the doors of their trusted travel agent to book a holiday or rely on travel programmes on television to decide where to holiday.\"Asia-Pacific countries lead the way in using social media to inspire, purchase and share their travel experiences. Seventy-two percent Asia-Pacific travellers said they have used social media to inspire at least one element of their recent holidays, compared to only 51% travellers globally,\" according to a survey done by Text100, a communications consultancy firm. Despite this appetite for digital communication, many Asia-Pacific consumers still base travel decision on more traditional sources of influence, the survey found out. \"Forty-eight percent say travel agents still help in planning their holidays, while 57% are influenced by travel television programmes,\" the survey said.According to the survey, 89% Asia-Pacific tourists use travel apps on their smartphones or tablets while on holiday, primarily for information about local attractions and finding their way around. This always-connected tendency, however, meant that Asia-Pacific travellers found it harder to switch off their mobile devices while on holiday as compared to those from other countries. Globally, 22% travellers used their mobile devices to work when on a holiday, as compared to 34% from Asia-Pacific.The survey found that 98% Indian tourists comment about their travel interests online, while 69% Singaporean vacationers rate relaxation as the key factor when travelling, but 34% of them still check their work emails while on holiday. Malaysian tourists are more likely to value eco-tourism than the rest of the world: 38% consider it when choosing locations compared to 15% globally.\"The presence of mobile device is quietly but dramatically changing how we behave when we travel,\" said Anne Costello, Text100's regional director, Asia-Pacific. \"As the fastest adopters of digital technology when it comes to travel, Asia-Pacific consumers are experiencing more benefits and challenges than the rest of the world,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17540611", "title": "Ponda man held for attacking cousin", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police arrested Bhanudas Govind Naik, 41, resident of Varchawada-Dhavali in Ponda taluka, for allegedly assaulting his cousin with a wooden 'danda' on Saturday.Police said Bhanudas and victim Vasu Raghuvir Naik reside with their families in a common housein the middle of a farm at Varchawada-Dhavali in Ponda.On Saturday morning, when some buffalos entered the farm, Vasu's family had not noticed them. The accused drove the buffalos and questioned Vasu's wife over the entry of the animals. As Vasu intervened, Bhanudas assaulted Vasu with a danda inflicting injuries on his head. He was discharged after treatment at Ponda community health center. The accused has been arrested and will be produced before a court on Sunday. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538943", "title": "Railways recover Rs 1 lakh finefrom ticketless passengers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Railways recovered more than Rs 1 lakh as fine from ticketless travellers on Friday, during the drive against ticketless travellers. The ticket checking drive was conducted on Gomtinagar and Sitapur sections. Ticketless passengers were caught travelling in trains 15313 Aishbagh-Bareilly Express, 15308 Aishbagh-Bareilly Nainital Express, 11016 Kushinagar Express, 19037 Awadh Express, 13020 Bagh Express, 55242 Aishbagh-Mailani passenger and 52244 Aishbagh-Sitapur passenger. As many as 308 passengers were caught travelling without tickets and with unbooked luggage. More than Rs 1 lakh (1,66,405) was recovered from the defaulters. Fine was also imposed on MST holders travelling in reserved coaches. At least five persons were sent to jail for not paying the fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17544204", "title": "FDI would be scrapped if NDA is voted to power: Murli Manohar Joshi", "text": "BHOPAL: Senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi has said that foreign direct investment in retail would be scrapped if NDA was voted to power in 2014 general elections.Training his guns at the UPA, Joshi said as per a Transparency International report, FDI failed in five countries in which it was introduced earlier and added that it was not going to benefit small traders and farmers.He told reporters on Saturday evening that foreign direct investment (FDI) would be scrapped if NDA was voted to power in 2014 general elections.Joshi alleged that the Walmart balance sheet said that the company has spent Rs 5.3 crore dollars to educate Indian politicians and claimed that this money was given to allow FDI in retail in the country.Joshi said that due to the opposition of BJP, FDI was not introduced in the insurance sector and rejected the Centre's theory that FDI would enhance sale in fruit and cereals by 40 per cent but said that it would increase sale only by a thin margin of five to seven per cent.Asked why the BJP proposal against FDI was defeated in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha, he said in both houses most of the members spoke in our (BJP) support but they did not vote for us due to personal gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17540437", "title": "Karnataka State Pollution Control Board issues notice to MRPL over waste", "text": "MANGALORE: The Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB) has issued a show-cause notice to ONGC subsidiary Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) for dumping waste, allegedly hazardous, in an open place at Kuthethoor village near its plant.This action follows a complaint by locals regarding disposal of solid waste near a dam. Villagers apprehend that the waste from MRPL disposed on open land may be hazardous. Residents of Kuthethoor and surrounding villages opposed it and forced workers to stop dumping waste.Govind Das, a villager, told STOI that waste was being dumped through the day and night for two days. \"The waste smells very bad and it's possible that the water in nearby wells may be contaminated,\" he added.KSPCB sources said samples of waste collected from the site are indeed from MRPL. KSPCB asked MRPL to explain in seven days why action should not be taken against the company under the Water and Air Act and Rules and Environment Protection Act 1986. The board has also directed the company to remove the waste and store it in on its premises till it confirms whether it's hazardous or non-hazardous.PRO of MRPL Manoj Sharma said the waste dumped at its site is absolutely non-hazardous. \"The land where waste has been dumped belongs to MRPL and there are plans of building a school and a playground there. The waste comprises ceramic pieces we use to level the land. There is no need of apprehension about it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "17544951", "title": "All safety aspects of Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project will be taken care of: Narayanasamy", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Government on Sunday maintained that it will ensure all safety aspects of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project are fully taken care of before it is commissioned.\"It is our duty to ensure all the safety (aspects), we will do that with regard to the nuclear plant,\" minister of state in the PMO, V Narayanasamy told reporters here.The minister said Atomic Regulatory Board officials were still inspecting the plant. A meeting of the board officials was held on December 3, and order for commencing power generation would be issued before this month-end, he said.\"There is no confusion or delay in commencing generation of power. We are only ensuring all the safety aspects (in KNPP),\" the minister asserted.When asked about the plans of the Peoples Movement Against Nuclear energy, spearheading the stir against the KNPP here, to lay siege to it from the sea, he alleged that foreign forces were behind those who opposed KNPP, and they would be defeated.With the commissioning of the first unit expected by this month-end, there were reports of anti-nuclear activists planning to lay siege to the facility on Monday to press for scrapping of the project.Narayanasamy said Union ministers from Tamil Nadu were pressing the government to give the entire quantum of power generated from the first 1,000 MW unit of KNPP to the state, though as per the schedule it should get 465 MW. The rest would be divided among Karnataka, Puducherry and Kerala.The extra power of 1,600 MW given back to the Central grid by various states could not be brought to Tamil Nadu due to grid congestion, he said.The minister expressed confidence that the KNPP's second unit would be commissioned before the next three months.He claimed that the Centre had already given Rs 300 crore to the state for taking up development projects for benefit of people in Kudankulam and Rs 200 crore would be given shortly.The government was opting for nuclear and solar energy as they were safe, he said.The regulatory board had granted permission to load fuel in the first unit on August 10 after the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited complied with its conditions.Commissioning of the first unit of the Indo-Russian project was originally scheduled for December last year but has been delayed due to protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538728", "title": "Minor kills self in southwest Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A girl allegedly committed suicide by hanging herself from the ceiling fan at her house in Sagarpur, southwest Delhi.The deceased (17) was a student of Class XII at a government school in the area, police said, adding that no suicide note has been found. Further investigations are on to ascertain the exact cause of death, said an cop.The deceased lived with her sister and was allegedly tensed over her upcoming exams, said police. According to the girl's sister, the girl had locked herself in the room a day before the exams and even skipped her meal. When the girl did not come out for a long time, her sister went to check. Despite repeated knocks, no one opened the door, following which police was informed.The cops broke open the door, which was locked from inside and brought the body down. The girl was taken to the local hospital where she was declared brought dead.Her family members were informed and handed over the body after the post mortem. The girl's parents had reportedly gone to Azamgarh, Uttar Pradesh for a wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17539225", "title": "Rs 1.5 lakh seized from former MLA", "text": "VADODARA: The static surveillance team of the Election Commission (EC) seized Rs 1.5 lakh cash being carried by former Umreth MLA Lalsinh Vadodia in his vehicle near Samarkha chowkdi in Anand on Saturday.Vadodia had recently joined the BJP after rebelling from Congress and made in-charge of Anklav assembly seat. Vadodia has claimed that he was carrying the cash in his vehicle to purchase gold for his daughter's marriage which is scheduled on February 14, 2013.According to sources, the team checked the vehicle ( Tata Sumo ) in which Vadodia was traveling when the car reached Samarkha chowkdi from Umreth town.Anand district collector Sandeep Kumar told TOI that the police seized the cash under section 102 of the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPc). Section 102 relates to power of police officer to seize certain property.\"After this seizure, investigation will be done on whether the cash was accounted or unaccounted. Once the investigations are over, the due course of action will be taken,\" said Kumar.The cash has been seized under the revised instructions issued by the EC on election expenditure monitoring.At first, Vadodia said that he wasn't aware about the Rs 50,000 cap. \"I am not a candidate,\" he claimed in his defence, adding \"I have given in writing that this cash was meant to purchase gold for my daughter's marriage. The authorities have seized it and promised to give me a receipt on a later day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17543795", "title": "Free health check-up camp for cab drivers", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the biggest fleet taxi operator, TABcab, has organized a free medical check-up camp for all taxi drivers on Sunday in association with doctors from a reputed city hospital.The medical camp is open to all taxi drivers, including TABcab Saathis\u00e2\u20ac\u201d as the company drivers are known.It has been organized at the Majestic Cinema Compound in Girgaum and was inaugurated at 10 am and was well attended by several cabbies. \"The camp has leading chest, ENT and skin specialists, in addition, Dr. Rekha Bhutada will provide free homeopathy medicines for up to 15 days to taxi drivers based on the diagnosis,\" said an organizer.A spokesperson from TABcab said, \"Taxi drivers in Mumbai are prone to illness as they work for long hours, at times going without food, and drive on bad roads under adverse climatic conditions. TABcab, therefore, has taken up this project to ensure that cabbies in the city stay healthy, are mentally fit so that they can serve customers well.\"TAB Cab has a fleet of 1,600 private taxis operating in Mumbai and it plans to expand the fleet to 4,000 cabs in less than a year. The fleet operator provides luxury cars to passengers, including Toyota Etios and SX4. Recently, the company announced assured cabs with no cancelations for cabs booked between 8pm and 8am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17543713", "title": "Cabbies with mechanical meters to be spared", "text": "MUMBAI: Though the RTO is cracking a whip on cabbies who have failed to recalibrate the e-meters, it plans to go slow on drivers whose taxis have the old mechanical meters.\"In case of mechanical meters, the taxi drivers have decided to dump them and replace them with the new e-meters. This process will take some time and the deadline has been extended to January 31. We will not take action against such drivers and allow them to ply vehicles on the road,\" said Tardeo's regional transport officer, M B Jadhav. \"But in taxis fitted with e-meters, if the devices are not recalibrated, the cabs will not be allowed to ply on the road,\" he warned.The Tardeo RTO has already begun a drive against such cabbies and booked 50 drivers till last weekend.It plans to book more cabbies before December 15. \"Our flying squads will conduct surprise checks from Monday and nab drivers who are still plying without recalibrating e-meters,\" he said, adding that there were around 2,500 such taxis in the island city. \"We will not allow them to conduct business,\" he warned.This move has come as a surprise to the taxi unions, who plan to oppose it. \"This kind of action is uncalled for,\" said taxi union leader A L Quadros. \"The state government has extended the deadline to recalibrate e-meters till December 15. We are certain that all the 2,500 taxis in island city will have the recalibrated e-meters by next Sunday. Our drivers should be allowed to ply on the road and earn money. The RTO cannot stop them from conducting business,\" he stated.Jadhav said that the RTO was firm on its decision and planned to fine cabbies Rs 600 for plying without recalibrating e-meters. But those with mechanical meters will be spared, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17541441", "title": "Global warning, sperm count dropping", "text": "The reproductive health of the average male is in sharp decline , the world's largest study of the quality and concentration of sperm has found.Between 1989 and 2005, average sperm counts fell by a third in the study of 26,000 men, increasing their risk of infertility. The amount of healthy sperm was also reduced, by a similar proportion.The findings confirm research over the past 20 years that has shown sperm counts declining in many countries across the world. Reasons ranging from tight underwear to toxins in the environment have been advanced to explain the fall, but still no definitive cause has been found.The decline occurred progressively throughout the 17-year period, suggesting that it could be continuing.The latest research was conducted in France but British experts say it has global implications. The scientists said the results constituted a \"serious public health warning\" and that the link with the environment \"particularly needs to be determined\" .The worldwide fall in sperm counts has been accompanied by a rise in testicular cancer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d rates have doubled in the last 30 years \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and in other male sexual disorders such as undescended testes, which are indicative of a \"worrying pattern\" , scientists say.There is an urgent need to establish the causes so measures can be taken to prevent further damage , they add.Richard Sharpe, professor of reproductive health at the University of Edinburgh and an international expert on toxins in the environment, said the study was \"hugely impressive\" and answered sceptics who doubted whether the global decline was real.\"Now, there can be little doubt that it is real, so it is a time for action . Something in our modern lifestyle, diet or environment is causing this and it is getting progressively worse. We still do not know which are the most important factors but the most likely are... a high-fat diet and environmental chemical exposures.\"Researchers from the Institut de Veille Sanitaire, St Maurice, used data from 126 fertility clinics in France which had collected semen samples from the male partners of women with blocked or missing fallopian tubes. The men, whose average age was 35, did not have fertility problems of their own and were therefore considered representative of the general male population.The results, reported in the journal Human Reproduction, showed the concentration of sperm per millilitre of semen declined progressively by 1.9 per cent a year throughout the 17 years \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from 73.6 million sperm per millilitre in 1989 to 49.9 million /ml in 2005. The proportion of normally formed sperm also decreased by 33.4 per cent over the same period. Although the average sperm count of the men was well above the threshold definition of male infertility \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which is 15 million /ml \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it was below the World Health Organisation threshold of 55 million/ml which is thought to lengthen the time to conceive. Other European studies have shown that one in five young men has a sperm count low enough to cause problems conceiving.Combined with other social trends, such as delayed childbearing which reduces female fertility , the decline in sperm counts could signal a crisis for couples hoping for a family.ENGINE OVERHAULWear loose underwear \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to make healthy sperm the testicles need to be below body temperature. Eat food low in saturated fat. Avoid smoking, drinking, using drugs and becoming obese. Reduce exposure to industrial chemicals such as those used in making plastics \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they can mimic the female hormone oestrogen countering male hormones. Protect women in pregnancy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d there is growing evidence that falling sperm counts may stem from effects in the womb. Avoid anti-depressants \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in rare cases they can cut sperm counts. THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540538", "title": "Hyderabad turns mecca of movie buffs", "text": "HYDERABAD: Standing in serpentine queues for tickets which begin forming as early as 4 am,back-to-back shows the same day and religiously watching the first-day-first-show every Friday \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the city is filled with movie buffs whose weekly schedule is incomplete without a visit to cinema.The craze for movies does not end here. The next time you go for a movie , talk to the person sitting next to you .He or she might be from Bangalore or Chennai and might have come all the way just to catch the mega movie.Movie buffs do not stop at that . The email in boxes of theatre officials are inundated with requests from out-of towners pleading them to keep some tickets aside as they will be travelling just for watching the movie at their favourite theatre.\"People send us the scanned copies of their train or flight tickets to convince us. Our Facebook page too is flooded with such requests ,\" said K Kishan , head of marketing and sales at Prasad's Multiplex , which houses one of the biggest screens in the world.For every big release , which runs for at least two months , around 200 people come from cities like Bangalore , Chennai and parts of Kerala only to watch the movie on the big screen , said T Srikanth , general manager of the theatre.Justifying the recent expansion by multiplex chains in the city and the future plans of other chains to strengthen their presence in Andhra Pradesh is the ever-increasing craze for films here , which is not seen in most other cities or states.In the 80s, it was the single screen theatres which ruled the movie scene in the city with around 200 plus theatres . But now the multiplexes have monopolised the field, offering limitless options for entertainment including dining , gaming and shopping.Lester Fernandes , a movie buff who travelled from Mumbai only to the watch The Dark Knight Rises here said ,\"Around 10 people from across the country came together to watch the movie in Hyderabad because the experience here is just unparalleled . Never before have I seen people hooting and cheering for a Hollywood film like they doin Hyderabad .Itfeltlikeonebig family of film buffs coming together for the show.\"Another such fan is Ashwin Siddaramaiah , who came from Bangalore with a friend just to watch Avatar here and is planning to do the same for the upcoming film , The Hobbit. Apart from city theatres attracting customers from miles away , denizens here too flock to box offices every week like moths to a candle.For Telugu movies starring Mahesh Babu or Pavan Kalyan , lines start forming at the ticket counters from 4am itself, an official at a city theatre said . Posts like the ones by Raghava Teja on a city multiplexe's Facebook page , sharing his phone number and asking people to wake him up early so that he can go and purchase movie tickets stand testimony to the officials' claims.K Naren of a popular multiplex here said that for highly anticipated releases , some clients book entire auditoriums in advance . \"For Khiladi 786, we already have a couple of requests from corporate offices which want to book a whole auditorium for themselves . Some are foreigners ,\" he said.At PVR, officials said that for movies like Gabbar Singh and Dookudu, they had nearly 100% occupancy and Ek Tha Tiger earned a record Rs 12 lakh collection in one day with 100%occupancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539725", "title": "Leila Seth tells Mumbai how she became a suitable mother", "text": "An Oxford- and Stanford-educated child who throws away an offer from the World Bank to write poetry is bound to cause his parents some worry. And when poet and novelist Vikram Seth first told his mother Leila Seth that's what he intended to do, she tried to dissuade him. \"I told him to take the job for five years, get the World Bank pension, and then write poetry,\" said Leila. The first woman chief justice of a state high court recounted anecdotes, shared her fears of being a mother, and talked about balancing work and life in a session titled 'Bringing up Vikram'.\"Where does one start? Who brings up a child? Is it the parents, the grandparents, the aunts and uncles, the school, the teachers, other relatives? And when does the bringing up end?\" she asked during the half-hour talk.In Vikram's case it took a phalanx of relatives to bring up the boy who would grow up to become one of India's best-known novelists. Apart from Leila and her husband Premo, there was Leila's mother, her younger brother and his wife, her older brother and his wife, and her uncle and his German wife who lived in London .\"I often wondered if I was doing the right thing as a mother. How was I to create the fine balance between my work and the responsibilities of being a wife and a mother?\" said Leila, who wrote her autobiography On Balance some years ago. Reassurance came from her firstborn Vikram who, when they were having a conversation about poverty in Patna , told her, \"I'm so glad you don't talk to me only about the price of onions and the stupidity of servants, like other mothers.\"Another big influence in Vikram's life was the housemaster at the Doon School who introduced him to Western classical music and poetry and instilled in him a love for adventure. Vikram won a scholarship to Tonbridge, UK, when he was 16, but Leila was reluctant to let him go. \"Drugs were rampant in British public schools,\" she said. But Premo said they could not hold him back as it would leave Vikram disappointed and resentful. \"We knew he was a loner, a complex child who loved swimming, chess, music and poetry,\" she said.Leila's uncle agreed to act in loco parentis to the young Vikram, but the Seths could not send him pocket money due to the strict foreign exchange regulations. \"He could not come home for holidays as it was too expensive. Vikram was going away,\" she said. It would be a while before he returned. After Tonbridge, Vikram won scholarships to Oxford and Stanford. After he turned down the World Bank job, he tried to write poetry and self-published his first collection. No one responded.\"He realised he had to write novels to sustain his love for poetry, which is what he does now,\" said Leila. Vikram moved back home for seven years while he wrote A Suitable Boy, his most famous book. \"I have learnt that to love people, you have to hold your palm open, and let them go,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17539645", "title": "Cellphone ban diktat ends in fiasco", "text": "KISHANGANJ: It was much ado about nothing. The Khap-like diktat on the use of cellphones by young girls as well as married women in Sunderbari panchayat under Kochadhaman block in Kishanganj district has literally ended in a fiasco.The villagers, who displayed bravado and tried to act like moral police, have finally backtracked and are running for cover.Kishanganj DM Sandeep Kumar R Pudakalkatti, quoting the inquiry report submitted by SDO Kanwal Tanuj, said the villagers had only collected at Tupamari to discuss many problems like drinking water, roads and status of schools confronting them. The question of use of cellphones by young girls had also figured at the meeting and the villagers told the SDO that they only focused on how flagrant use of cellphones seriously jeopardize their studies and also affected social life, the DM said.The villagers, who formed a social consultative committee, denied that they had decided to impose any kind of penalty on the use of cellphones on the streets and roads by the young girls and married women, the DM said quoting the SDO's report.The sudden change of heart on the part of the people acting as moral police has been welcomed by the enlightened women leaders in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jehanabad", "code": "17539675", "title": "Language &amp; literature are complimentary to each other, says scholar", "text": "JEHANABAD: Scores of academics including working and retired teachers of English participated at a UGC-sponsored two-day national seminar on 'The challenges of teaching language and literature in the age of globalization' organized by the English department at S N Sinha College on Friday and Saturday.Delivering the keynote address at the inaugural session, eminent scholar and former professor of English, Patna University, Ashok Kumar Sinha, said language and literature are complimentary to each other.Language is a weapon for clear communication and its finest arsenal is found in literature, he said adding there is really no other way of acquiring command over a language except through an assiduous study of its literature. He saidt those who see difference between language and literature are doing incalculable harm to the interests of both language and literature.Literature must be taught in the right way so that students become increasingly sensitive to English language and acquire the ability to use it effectively, he added.Highlighting the increasing importance of English language teaching in the age of globalization, Sinha said that skills in English happen to be among the most saleable commodities in the job market today.At the national level, English can serve as our 'window of the world' while at the individual level, English will continue to serve as the language of opportunity, he said.Earlier, registrar of Magadh University D K Yadav inaugurated the seminar while the principal of the college, Anand K Singh welcomed the guests and participants.Participants devoted the concluding day to a wide ranging discussion on how best to restructure the teaching of English language and literature in the face of challenges of globalization. It was generally agreed that the emphasis in teaching should shift from literature to language. Literature should be used to increase a student's proficiency in language.Another agreed view that emerged from the discussion was that there should be an active involvement of the learners in the learning process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17540410", "title": "Prank and death evoke grief and rage", "text": "MANGALORE: There's palpable anger on social networking sites over the Biggest Royal Prank that claimed the life of Jacintha Saldanha.Mangalorean Jacintha was the victim of a prank played by RJs of Sydney's 2Day FM station who called the hospital pretending to be Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles, father of Prince William whose pregnant wife Catherine was being treated at the hospital. While Tia Maria Smith on Facebook described the death as, \"A prank dat went wrong, because these stupid DJs were mocking our Queen and monarchy...,\" Terry Dwyer observed, \"I think you'll find most Australians hold Her Majesty in the highest regard, but we don't go in for a lot of pomp nor do we take ourselves seriously. I agree the prank was in bad taste, but it was a bit of fun! No one expected it to end like this...\"Tia, Dan Shariat, Maree Samuel all found the death tragic. \"My deepest sympathies. I am appalled and deeply saddened by the loss of Jacinta's life. R.I.P.,\" posted Maree. Tia adds: \"I can't believe these stupid DJs have set up a page on facebook to justify wot they have done and called it depression...who r they to judge her now, they the cause.......Jesus, they need punishing, as they have no remorse for wot they have done to this poor lady. R.I.P.\"\"Public humiliation is a known trigger for suicide - the radio station/DJs knew full well what effect transmitting this would likely have on a private individual, suddenly exposed to global media ridicule, especially to conscientious nurse who has taken oath of patient confidentiality -- but they did it anyway for commercial gain. If she hadn't died then likely she would have suffered shame, criticism at work and internet abuse for long time,\" said Dan ShariatPutting the issue into perspective, Tony King avers, \"Mate there is no winner in this one but as I said I would be blaming the lack of Protocols by both the Hospital and Royal Families on letting these two \"Idiots\" get thru to her, anyway what ever happened to Patient Confidentiality?\" Yvonne Handford pushes the debate further stating, \"I would have thought stealing someone's identity would be a criminal offence especially the Queen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17636020", "title": "Alex Pandian will look fabulous on screen", "text": "He has already had 50 films to his credit as a music director and Devi Sri Prasad is now stepping into his 51st project, Alex Pandian, with the same fervour he began his musical career, years ago.The excited musician starts off, \"In fact, Alex Pandian was supposed to be my 50th film but by then Damarukam hit screens and the former slipped a number. Nevertheless, the film has five interesting songs, including a couple of melodies. The lyrics of the songs are very intense and it's going to be a tough and tricky task choosing the best of the lot. All numbers have been picturized well and will look fabulous on screen.\"The composer is known to do a jig or two in most of the films, he scores music for. Has he attempted something on those lines in Alex Pandian? \"I was supposed to do a song, but then there was absolutely no time and we got busy with the background score and other aspects of music. But I have sung a number, a very different one, from all the songs I have done so far,\" he says.DSP is delighted having worked with Karthi, after scoring the music for his elder brother Suriya's film. \"I have always held veteran actor Siva Kumar in high esteem. My father showed me his film Sindhu Bairavi one day and from then on, I have been a big fan of the actor. I'm glad that I have had the opportunity to work with his talented sons. Suriya and Karthi are two personalities, who are poles apart from each other. While Suriya is a bit shy, Karthi is very naughty and active. It has been amazing working with both of them.\"The composer also has kind words for the director of the film, Suraaj. \"He is an absolute stress-free person and is fun-loving. I love working with such people.\"The audio of Alex Pandian will be launched on December 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17538591", "title": "Ernakulam gunning for a hat-trick", "text": "KOCHI: Defending champions Ernakulam will be gunning for a hat-trick when they step on to the in 42nd Kerala State Senior Volleyball Championship starting at Sulthan Bathery Floodlit Stadium, Wayanad on Sunday. In their first Pool A match, Ernakulam will face Kannur on Tuesday.With four Indian international players in the side in Tom Joseph, Kishore Kumar, Vipin M George and Kiran Philip, Ernakulam would be hoping to have an easy ride till the semifinal stage. Hosts Wayandu, Kollam will pose a threat to Ernakulam's title hopes, feels coach Bijoy Babu. \"We are going for the event with the best possible team in Kerala. We have quality players in all the departments and I hope the experience of Tom, Vipin and Kishore will help us to defend the title,\" said Bijoy. Captain and setter Vimal T Jacob's role too will play crucial role in Ernakulam's quest for a hat-trick.Thiruvananthapuram, who came up with a strong side in the last championship at Vengalam, Kozhikode, and gave a tough fight in the final to Ernakulam, will miss their key player Manu Joseph this time as he joined Railways after the state championship.In the women's section, Thiruvananthapuram are the hot favourites and they will be aiming to clinch their 11th title in last 12 years. Kozhikode and Kannur will be the other two strong teams which will have their eyes on the title in the 8-day event. In the inaugural match on Sunday, Kannur will take on Kottayam in the women's division while hosts Wayanad will clash with Malappuram in the men's category. The finals are slated to be played on December 16.The men's and women's teams for the national championship will be selected after the state championship.Grouping: Men: Pool A: Ernakulam, Kannur, Pathanamthitta; Pool B: Thiruvananthapuram, Malappuram, Wayanad; Pool C: Kozhikode, Idukki, Kasaragode, Palakkad; Pool D: Alappuzha, Kollam, Kottayam, Thrissur.Women: Pool A: Thiruvananthapuram, Wayanad; Pool B: Kozhikode, Ernakulam; Pool C: Thrissur, Kollam, Idukki; Pool D: Kannur, Kottayam, Kasaragode", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538662", "title": "DAV parents complain of 'harassment' over new fees", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Parents of DAV Public School students on Saturday alleged that the school authorities have been asking them and their wards not to protest the recent fee hike and pay the new fee. The parents' association of the school has decided to boycott classes on December 12 in protest against the \"exorbitant\" hike in fees.\"All parents have unanimously decided not to pay the revised fee until the Supreme Court gives its verdict. But it's not fair the way they are threatening the children in violation of human rights and harassing them,\" alleged a parent.Another parent said, \"The teachers told my daughter, 'You don't deserve to study in a prestigious school like the DAV. You should go to a municipality school.' This is a mental harassment.\"The DAV announced a revised fee structure on Wednesday. The school increased the fee three times more than the existing fee. They also asked for arrears for the past seven months.\"We are requesting all parents of 16 DAV Schools in the state not to send their wards to school on December 12. If the school authorities do not withdraw their fee hike decision in a week's time, we will lock up the school,\" said Akshaya Mahakud, general secretary of DAV School Parents' Association, Unit-VIII.The association has also lodged its complaint with the mayor of Bhubaneswar and the secretary of the school and education department, who are a part of the interim committee formed to decide on fee revision. The Supreme Court, in an interim order, had said, the school management can revise fees after paying salaries to teachers as per the sixth pay commission and according to the decision of the interim committee after a review of the total income and expenditure of schools.However, the school authorities did not submit the income-expenditure account before the interim committee and took a decision.\"The parent teacher coordination committee (PTCC), which must approve the revised fee, was formed overnight with a few handpicked parents, who were neither elected nor selected by other parents. So the committees are illegal and have no right to take any decision for hundreds of parents,\" said Sanjukta Panigrahi, president of CSPur Davian Parents' Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17539985", "title": "Gang attacks transgender in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: A 45-year-old transgender was brutally attacked by an unidentified gang, leaving her with deep cut injuries all over her body in Madurai on Friday night.The attack evoked strong reactions from the transgender community who thronged the district collectorate on Saturday seeking action against the unidentified assailants. Police said they are yet to identify the assailants or ascertain the motive behind the attack.M Noodiammal, 45, from BB Kulam, who is the president of the transgenders association in Madurai, was attacked by a gang of unidentified people in her house on Friday night. She sustained cut injuries in her hands, legs and head as the gang attacked her with sickles. She has been admitted in a private hospital. The assailants managed to flee from the spot in the dark as there was a power cut in the region that time.Seeking action against the assailants, transgenders from Madurai and leaders from all 32 districts have come over to Madurai the collectorate. They submitted a petition to the district administration urging the collector to take action against the miscreants immediately. After the district administration assured them, they dispersed from the place. Tallakulam assistant commissioner S Thanabal who was in the collectorate premises told the transgenders that the police would investigate the attack from every angle and asked them to support the police in the process.P Mohana, president of All India Transgenders' Rights and Rehabilitation Centre, told media persons that they are shocked by the attack. \"We condemn the attack on a president of transgenders in Madurai and all the leaders of 32 districts have come together to express our agitation in this regard. We have asked the district administration and police to take stringent action against the miscreants who attacked her,\" she said. \"If Noodi can be attacked in such a brutal manner, it may happen to anyone of us. Hence we have decided to represent the issue strongly,\" said M Haseena, transgender leader from Pudukottai district. \"The collector and police assured us of action and we have asked our people here to cooperate with the police inquiry,\" Mohana said.Tallakulam police have filed a murder attempt case in this regard and are investigating. Police sources said they are looking out for the attackers and the motive can be ascertained only after they are arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538615", "title": "Teachers call off strike", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Over 26,000 teachers and employees of 2,300 block grant high schools, who were on strike since November 15, joined back work on Saturday after school and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda announced the abolition of block grant system in the assembly on Friday.Nanda said the high schools which were getting block grant for eight years would be eligible for grant in-aid in the first phase. The government will come out with a new grant in-aid policy within the next two months to implement the decision, the minister said. Besides, the government will reconsider its decision on performance-based incentive for teachers in block grant high schools, he said.\"All the agitating teachers have resumed their duty after the state government announced to consider our demands. We hope the government will keep its promise to give grant in-aid soon,\" said Prasanta Pati, general secretary of block grant secondary school teachers and employees association, the organization which spearheaded the agitation.Pati said the government decision will benefit nearly 1,400 teachers and employees of 1,124 block grant high schools in the first phase. Schools left to avail this benefit include 1,185 high schools, including 858 block grant high schools, he said. Pati said they were concerned about the plight of students and will request teachers to take extra care to complete the courses which were delayed due to the agitation.During the initial phase of agitation, teachers and employees of block grant high schools held demonstrations in rural pockets across the state. Later they launched dharnas at PMG square in the city. Several teachers were injured when police resorted to lathicharge during their mass agitation programme on November 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538911", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav defends cane SAP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday defended the recently announced state advisory price (SAP) for sugarcane saying that balance is needed to be maintained between the cane growers and the mill owners. The state government on Friday announced a SAP between Rs 275 per quintal to Rs 290 per quintal, which was Rs 40 more than last year. \"The government cannot create a situation where in the mills gets closed,\" he said.Yadav's defence coincided with state-wide protest by BJP, which has been demanding a SAP as high as Rs 400 per quintal. The saffron party staged protest in various districts, especially in west UP. BJP state president, Laxmikant Bajpayi said that the Samajwadi Party did not adhere to the promise it made in its election manifesto. The agitation by BJP also extended on the issue of foreign direct investment in multi-brand retail.Rashtriya Lok Dal general secretary, Jayant Chaudhary said that this SAP announced by the state government was not in accordance with demand of the farmers. \"This has shown that the Samajwadi Party is anti-farmers,\" Chaudhary said.Yadav said that opposition parties have no other role but to find faults in state government functioning. \"But we will remain undeterred by such acts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540982", "title": "Naidu threatens action against three defiant Rajya Sabha members", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu warned of action against three of his party's Rajya Sabha members for abstaining from voting on FDI in retail , the YSR Congress alleged that Naidu was himself behind the lack of seriousness on the part of the opposition party in handling the issue in both Houses of Parliament. The members who left the TDP in embarrassment include Sujana Chowdhary, Devender Goud and Gundu Sudharani.On Saturday, explaining the reason for staying away from the RS, T Devender Goud insisted that he had a prior appointment with his doctor and had informed Naidu about the same. Gundu Sudha Rani said there was no design in her skipping the voting and that she would give an explanation to the party president.After meeting Naidu in Adilabad on Saturday evening, Sujana Chowdhary told the media: \"I apologise to the party and the people . I should have been more careful. I will not repeat such a mistake.\" His contention was that the Parliament gates were closed.According to sources, the TDP did not issue a whip to its members for the voting either in the Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha. \"Besides , none of the five TDP MPs sees eye to eye and there is no coordination,\" said a leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17538963", "title": "Over 1,900 civic officials may not get promoted", "text": "PUNE: As many as 1,981 civic officials may not get promoted as they have failed to furnish the details of their movable and immovable property to the Pune Municipal Corporation.Sources in the civic body told TOI that the state labour department is contemplating stalling of the promotion of these officials.According to section 56 of the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation (BPMC) Act, Class I, II and III officials must submit their property details to their respective departments. \"The PMC had started the process of gathering property details from its officials in 2009. However, 30 % of the officials are yet to respond,\" K C Karkar, deputy municipal commissioner and head of the establishment office, told TOI.He added that the officials must give information about movable assets, including cash, jewellery and vehicles as well as immovable property such as land, house, shops or any other commercial property owned by them and their direct family members including spouse and minor children.Karkar said that the PMC maintains record of the properties owned by its officers. \"The record is sealed and not made public. It is used only when an issue related to disproportionate assets is to be probed.\"\"Also, the officers are required to update the record, a one-time submission of property details is not enough. If an officer has made any transaction, like selling or buying or allotting the property on rent, then it is the duty of the official to inform the civic body,\" Karkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17538651", "title": "Look east for new friends", "text": "What is in India's grand strategic interest today as it embarks upon the path of economic development and increasing political influence in the international arena? More than anything else, it is to sustain an internal economic growth that can offer its citizens a level-playing field in the decades to come.This is indeed critical for India's long-term internal stability and external influence. Why so? The answer is not hard to find. India ranks 134th out of 187 countries in human development according to the UN Human Development Index 2011. Of its 1.21 billion people, over 360 million (a population size more than the US) live in poverty. India's per capita GDP is $1, 600 and will require a 9% GDP growth rate to reach $8, 000 -$10, 000 by 2025. India could well be on a high-growth path as is evidenced by its economic performance in recent years. In mid-2012, India surpassed Japan to become the third largest economy after the US and China in GDP (purchasing power parity).This Indian internal growth path is however highly dependent on global peace and stability because if conflict breaks out at the systemic level, this would have a devastating effect on international trade on which India depends for much of its present economic development. Therefore, India has a huge stake/incentive in maintaining a 'peaceful' international order which can support and sustain its internal growth. This requires an urgent rethink on some of the old concepts that has dominated Indian strategic thinking like its 'non-alignment' based foreign policy. While 'non-alignment' was a prudent policy for India to adopt during the Cold War, when it had just emerged from colonialism with a weak economy and polity, and therefore aligning itself with either one of the superpowers created enormous challenges for the construction of a confident self-image, such a policy will be counter-productive to India in the present context. The India of today, with a distinctive self-image, a growing middle class, an emergent economy and growing military strength should actively 'align' with like-minded countries and build partnerships in order to maintain the present peaceful structure of international politics.This re-defined Indian grand strategy should have one over-arching goal: incentivize cooperation in order to increase the costs of war and reduce the costs of cooperation and maintain free access to the global commons. In this context, India needs to recognize that the rise of authoritarian China has the possibility of increasing tensions in the Asian regional order. This aspect gets even more critical given China's increasingly aggressive behavior with several of its neighbours over territorial disputes. The plausible contest for influence between China and India in the maritime domain especially the Indian Ocean region would require India to take up responsibility to maintain the freedom of these vital sea lanes of communication for the free flow of international trade.Given this, a revised Indian grand strategy should consist of the following strategic end goals: First, maintain the present international global stability in partnership with countries like the US, Japan, EU, Asean countries, Brazil, South Africa, etc. Second, actively shape the broad contours of the Asian security architecture that accommodates China and ensures that China's territorial disputes are managed and resolved peacefully. This global coalition of like-minded countries should be such that it incentivizes China to integrate itself with the global regimes instead of challenging it, leading to war and conflict. Hence, the global coalition should not be seen as a move to contain China but as a future insurance policy for the present international system.Third, India should utilize its \"look east\" policy to cement its linkages with the Asean countries. The \"look east\" policy envisages the establishment of not only greater economic connectivity but also societal linkages, and infrastructural development across the Asian continent. Already, projects like the Asian highway and the Asian railway link are underway. The recent developments in Myanmar with its energized political reforms and opening up have created an incentive structure to fast-pace these land linkages. India, who shares a 1,643-km border with Myanmar, is the first to benefit from positive developments within Myanmar and should create the necessary conditions for its \"look east\" policy to succeed.It is indeed a priority for India to establish an Asian regional architecture which is peaceful, and supports the several internal growth stories of the Asian countries, including its own.The writer is a senior fellow at the United States Institute of Peace, Washington, DC and research fellow at Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses, New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17539066", "title": "Students design 'wearable architecture'", "text": "VADODARA: Imagine costumes that speak on the dying tradition of 'Ravivari' market of Ahmedabad or one that highlights rampant corruption that is crippling the government machinery.Students of city-based School of Environmental Design and Architecture (SEDA), Navrachana University, have prepared abstract architectural costumes that highlight social issues that India is facing.The idea to design and develop such costumes was given by French architect Xavier Wrona, who is in Gujarat under an annual residency programme 'Architecture Rendezvous' of Alliance Francaise-Baroda Annexe and Institut Francais, which is an initiative to strengthen Indo-French collaboration in the field of architecture.After Wrona conducts similar workshops for architecture students of M S University's department of architecture and Vadodara Design Academy, these architectural costumes will be displayed for public view.Owner of 'Est-ce Ainsi' firm Wrona has floated the concept of 'wearable architecture' whereby he asks students to take up an issue, weave an idea around it and come up with clothing or props.Like buildings, students undergo a process of designing the garment or prop up to the last detail and wear it.According to Wrona, in conventional sense, architecture reflects society, but when 90 per cent of projects are commissioned by the wealthy or powerful, there is little voice of the commoner.\"During the four-day workshop, we were asked to identify social issues that the country or world at large is facing. After we completed research on these subjects, we were motivated to prepare abstract costumes based on architectural concept,\" said a second year student of SEDA Vedanti Kapasi, adding that in all 15 costumes based on social issues like women trafficking, education is business, untouchables, dying Ayurveda among others have been prepared by the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543223", "title": "NKPK goes to the US", "text": "Nadula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom, which is raking in the moolah at the Box Office with its impressive screenplay and comedy timings, is now being screened in the United States of America as well. It's not very often that a film sans big stars gets an overseas presence .The laugh riot starring Vijay Sethupathi, Gayathri, Bagavathi Perumal, Rajkumar and Vigneshwaran has been running to packed houses in the state. The film revolves around a slip-up on the cricket field, which results in the short-term memory loss for Prem (Vijay Sethupathy), who is set to marry his lover Dhanalakshmi (Gayatri) in a couple of days. Prem's friends \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Bags (Bagavathi Perumal), Bajji (Rajkumar) and Saras (Vigneswaran) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d decide to get him to tie the knot without the groom's and bride's families (including Dhanam herself) realizing his condition.The film is being screened in the US in select locations in San Jose, CA , Edison, NJ &amp; Seattle, WA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "17539633", "title": "Ara liquor tragedy toll mounts to 19", "text": "ARA: With the death of eight more persons, the Ara hooch tragedy toll increased to 19 on Saturday. The police recovered six bodies from different places in Ara and brought them to the Ara sadar hospital for post mortem on Saturday.Two bodies are still to be brought to the Ara sadar hospital for autopsy. Eleven persons including four women of Mahadalit community of Anaith locality under Nawada police in Bhojpur died after consuming spurious liquor in late Thursday evening though Bhojpur SP and DM had confirmed only eight deaths whose postmortem was conducted at the sadar hospital. Five persons were also admitted to Ara sadar hospital complaining loss of vision.Meanwhile, the CPI-ML-sponsored Ara bandh in protest against open sale of illicit liquor evoked mixed response. Schools and colleges remained closed. The bandh supporters took out procession that passed through the main thoroughfares of the town and compelled the traders, business establishments, schools and others to down their shutters. They also stopped Patna-bound Sanghmitra Express at Ara railway station for about half-an-hour.Bhojpur SP M R Naik said the police recovered six more bodies from Anaith and Pakari localities under Nawada police station and M P Bagh and Mahajan Toli No. 1 under Town police station areas on Saturday and brought them to Ara sadar hospital for postmortem. The doctor preserved their 'viscera' and will send them to Forensic Science Laboratory, Patna , to ascertain the actual cause of death. He said a probe team comprising the civil surgeon, Ara SDO, SDPO Sadar and the excise commissioner had been constituted and they would submit their joint report soon. The SP said raids are on to nab the illicit liquor sellers and brewers.Though the Bhojpur DM and SP refrained from divulging the cause of death, DIG, Shahabad range, Ajitabh Kumar, said the people of Mahadalit community had purchased country-made liquor from a nearby stall of the area. He said the guilty will not be spared. The DIG said even the local police stations too were under surveillance and if found guilty, stern action would be taken against the police personnel concerned.The deceased whose bodies were brought to Ara sadar hospital on Saturday for postmortem and were identified as Ramesh Rajak (46) from Mahajan Toli No. 1, Ravi, a rickshaw puller, from MP Bagh under Town police station, Manjay Kumar Yadav (45) from Pakari, Mahendra Pasi (40), Suresh Paswan (42) and Birraj Sah (45) from Anaith locality under Nawada police station.Five persons who complained of loss of vision and admitted to Ara sadar hospital were identified as Arjun Yadav (35), Gyansagar Paswan (32), Matezar Ram (65), Basir Ahamad (60) and Dashrath Paswan (30) of Anaith locality under Nawada police station. They told TOI at Ara sadar hospital that all of them had purchased country-made liquor from a stall near Mathia at Anaith locality as it was cheap. After consuming the liquor, they felt giddiness and started vomiting.As per the official records, Bhojpur district has about 163 liquor shops but it is sold in every nook and corner of the district. B K Jha, assistant excise commissioner and Dharmesh Kumar, SDO, Ara, said the police raided Roza, Karman Tola, bus stand, Anaith Jhopadpatti and other area in Ara town and seized five bags containing liquor and 25,000 pouches of illicit liquor. They said the police arrested 12 persons for selling country-made liquor. They included Chandan Gosain, Pappu Kumar, Dharmendra Kumar, Bachcha Singh, Md. Sirajuddin, Babloo and Manoj Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17540625", "title": "Aspirants preparing for Ponda civic polls", "text": "PONDA: Although elections to Ponda municipal council (PMC) are around two months away, aspirants are making efforts to woo the electorate.PMC is expected to go to polls on February 3, 2013 along with Sanquelim municipal council. Although no political leader has officially declared support to any individual, some aspirants have started meeting voters in their wards. Some are seen helping people avail of different government schemes, with help from the local MLA.PMC chairperson Rukmi Dangui has admitted that the civic body has not been able to carry out any development work for the last three months as the council has been preoccupied with the garbage issue.The council has tendered minor development works worth 10 lakh for construction of a nullah and footpaths in various wards, she said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17540619", "title": "Andhra University research on cancer fuels hope of breakthrough", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Electro-magnetic waves (radiation) are often associated with their negative, cancer causing effects. But now Andhra University College of Engineering is trying to turn this theory around, by using these very cancer causing waves to kill cancer cells, with its ambitious and revolutionary research project.The university is not just trying to develop the electro-magnetic beams for different types of cancerous tissue, but also the antenna from which the beam could be generated, said Professor G S N Raju, principal, AUCE, who is heading the project team comprising of four scholars.The self-funded project on 'Treatment of cancerous tissues by electro magnetic radiation therapy' is being taken up by the department of bio-medical engineering at Andhra University.Elaborating on the importance of the project, professor Raju said that if they were to make a breakthrough, it would be possible to treat cancer tissues of all kinds more effectively than the existing methods of radiation therapy being used. According to professor G S N Raju, the fact that these waves cause damage to healthy tissue goes to prove that they can be used to destroy cancerous tissues as well.He pointed out that the project was about specifically using EMWs to radiate cancerous tissues.Prof Raju pointed out that it was not the first time research on this subject was taken up. \"Earlier doctors tried to use EMB (electro-magnetic beam) therapy but the results were not positive. The implementation part of it went horribly wrong as the medical practitioners did not know how to apply the beam. The beam could not radiate the cancerous tissue as it was prevented from penetrating through to the cancerous tissue by other tissue matter in the body,\" he said.To counter the inability of the beam to penetrate deep (EMBs travel freely when uninterrupted, however when they come in contact with a body they get absorbed and the beam weakens) the researchers have developed a theoretical model where the entrapment capacity of each tissue vis-a-vis the penetrating capacity of the concerned beam is being studied.Moreover, this model is based on mathematical designs and computations taking into consideration the data of the fundamental parameters of each tissue (in the body) concerned. \"Once we are done with our investigations, we wish to develop an antenna for beam projection after which we would try out experiments with the help of medical practitioners,\" he explained.So far, over 20 papers have been submitted on this project, including six in international conferences, by professor Raju and his team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17544919", "title": "World archery body recognizes AAI elections", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Archery Association of India (AAI) has got a shot in the arm after the World Archery Federation (FITA) extended recognition to its elections and extended full support to it.FITA's decision has come as a big boost as AAI was de-recognized by the Sports Ministry, who had said that the Federation did not conform to the Sports Code of the Government of India while holding its election.FITA's Secretary General Tom Dielen, in a letter to AAI President Vijay Kumar Malhotra , said that the World Body approves of the election process and fully recognizes the newly elected body of the association.Dielen also disclosed that world archery has already informed the International Olympic Committee (IOC) about this decision.\"I was informed by AAI Secretary General Anil Kamineni that the Government (of India) is not accepting the outcome of the General Assembly claiming that it is not in compliance with Indian law. World Archery clearly states once more that the outcome of the general assembly is recognized by World Archery,\" Dielen wrote in a letter.\"The constitution of the Indian Archery Association is the only document that has relevance for the conduct of the general assembly and this document was respected. We have also informed the IOC of this matter,\" he added.Hailing the decision of FITA, Malhotra said it ends the uncertainty which Sports Ministry tried to create by arbitrarily and illegally de recognizing the AAI.\"World Archery Federation decision has vindicated our principled stand and I hope the government will also revoke its undemocratic decision.\"AAI's elections were very transparent, fair and democratic. There was a contest for several posts including that of President. The whole process was as per the constitution of the Association,\" Malhotra said in a statement.Malhotra said with this decision there should be no confusion or ambiguity because Indian archers will continue to participate in international competitions under the tricolour.He said that the AAI and other National Sports Federations (NSF) are facing a huge dilemma.\"On one hand, Sports Ministry says that there is a zero tolerance towards federations, which do not accept the Sports Code and on the other hand, IOC insists that there is a zero tolerance towards those who accept the Sports Code,\" said Malhotra.He urged the government not to be rigid about the code and said the early end to this impasse will be better for the sports and sportspersons of the country.Thanking FITA for giving its unstinted support to AAI, Malhorta said all the national championships, competitions will be held as scheduled.\"We will continue to abide by our international commitment,\" said Malhotra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540787", "title": "Japan to fund sewage water recycling plant", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pushed to the brink with receding water levels in reservoirs and depleting ground water, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) has decided to recycle sewage water and supply it to industries. Faced with severe water crisis, the board members heaved a sigh of relief after the Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) agreed to fund a recycling water project, known as \"Waste to Wealth,\" a senior official said.The Water Board has three major sewerage treatment plants (STPs) located at Amberpet, Nagole and Nallacheruvu in the city. The total storage capacity of these STPs is 541 million litres per day, with the one in Amberpet being Asia's largest. \"The Municipal Administration &amp; Urban Development (MA&UD;) gave us clearance to set up a recycling water project with JICA funding,\" HMWS&SB; director , (projects), M Satyanarayana told STOI.\"Few days ago, we have received an official communique from JICA expressing its willingness to fund the proposed recycling water project in the city,\" Satyanarayana added. While officials were tightlipped about the total value of the money being funded, it was learnt the initial Japanese investment would be over Rs 100 crore.After separating the recycled water from sewerage water, the Water Board will supply it to agri-based industries , tanneries, floriculture units and vegetable growing units, officials said. Many industries are using water from different sources by spending lakhs of rupees. The Water Board will supply recycled water to industries as per their requirement , Satyanarayana said.The Water Board will also lay separate pipelines connecting the recycling plants with industries to supply water. The Board will sell the recycled water after an agreement is reached with the industries and other customers. \"We will fix the price based on the quantity of recycled water and location of the industry,\" he said. The price could be between Rs 5 and Rs 25 per litre according to the requirement.This way, the Water Board would not only generate income, but will curtail current spendings of industries , which runs into lakhs of rupees per month and also save the ground water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17541169", "title": "Ind vs Eng: England beat India by 7 wickets, take unassailable 2-1 lead", "text": "KOLKATA: A listless India succumbed to their second successive humiliating defeat on home soil has England overcame a few hiccups to clinch the third Test with an emphatic seven-wicket victory and take an unassailable 2-1 lead in the four-match series on Sunday.ScorecardNeeding 41 runs to win the match after dismissing India for 247 in the second innings, the visitors lost three quick wickets to add a tinge of excitement to an otherwise lop-sided contest before cruising home with more than two sessions to spare.Captain Alastair Cook (1), Jonathan Trott (3) and Kevin Pietersen (0) were out cheaply but Ian Bell (28 not out) held his nerve to take the team to the victory target at the Eden Gardens.Bell took a single off R Ashwin to bring about England's moment of triumph, triggering of scenes of celebrations in the dressing room as the players hugged each other and took a round of the stadium.With another resounding victory, England kept themselves on course for their first series win on Indian soil in 28 years since David Gower-led team won a series 2-1 in the 1984-85 series.Though the Indian bowlers took three wickets in the second innings, they looked completely ineffective in the first innings unlike the English bowlers who exploited the conditions far better.After the humiliating 10-wicket defeat in Mumbai, the hosts once again seemed clueless in their own den with neither batting nor bowling clicking, raising questions on whether some players need to be changed.The two teams will now travel to Nagpur for the fourth and final Test beginning December 13. England just need a draw to record a historic series triumph while India have no option but to win to level the series and save the blushes of a series defeat in their own den.Ravichandran Ashwin shone with the bat with a gritty 91 not out in India's second innings before the off-spinner dented England's 41-run chase, knocking off the wickets of Cook and Pietersen.But before it went from bad to worse, Ian Bell (28) and Nick Compton (nine) steered the team to a seven-wicket victory to hand India back to back Test defeats at their own backyard, for the first time in 12 years.It was India's first loss at the Eden Gardens in more than a decade as the last time they had lost at the historic venue to Pakistan in the Asian Test Championship on February 16, 1999.India had last lost two Tests on the trot at home to South Africa in 2000 when Tendulkar-led the country to back to back defeats in Mumbai and Bangalore.In 2004, Rahul Dravid-led India drew against Australia in a match interrupted by rains in Chennai in between two Test defeats in Bangalore and Nagpur. In that series, India had won the last Test in Mumbai to go down 1-2, the last time India had lost a series at their own backyard.The back to back losses will come as a humiliation for India who had revenge on their mind for their four successive Test losses in England during July-August last year.Resuming at 239 for nine, India were bundle out for 247 to set England a target of 41.Pragyan Ojha (3) was bowled by Finn in the fourth ball he faced as Ashwin remained stranded at the other end for an unbeaten 91 from 157 balls and laced with 15 boundaries.Ashwin began the proceedings watchfully before driving and pulling Finn for back to back boundaries, that brought up his 50-run partnership for the last wicket with Ojha.But that were the only runs that came off on Sunday as in the next over Ojha perished to Anderson's fury with the pacer's fourth ball clipping the India last-man's bail to see their innings fold for 247.Ashwin's three-hour-two-minute stay at the crease delayed the inevitable for England as India on Saturday avoided the humiliation of an innings defeat at their own backyard.In-line for a hattrick, Ashwin began the proceedings for India and the off-spinner took the prized scalp of in-form English skipper Cook in his very fifth ball.Cook tried to step out but only to be miss the line with Dhoni doing the needful as England were four for 1 after five balls, chasing the paltry 41.Adding some twist to the tale, Ojha trapped Trott (3) in front of the middle stump, while a pumped-up Ashwin dismissed Pietersen for a duck in the next over to reduce England to eight for three.Earlier, India tried to shake off the blues unwinding with a football match after overnight batsman Pragyan Ojha did some net practice.Skipper Dhoni meanwhile was seen busy discussing with the selection committee chairman Sandeep Patil and south Zone selector Roger Binny to decide on the squad for the fourth and final Test.From the English perspective, they will now seek to conquer the final frontier after defeating Australia in the 2009 Ashes at home before choking them Down Under two winters ago (in 2010-11).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538955", "title": "Inter-state auto lifters nabbed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Members of an inter-state auto lifting gang were caught by the special operations group of Lucknow police on Friday night from Chinhat area with the help of the local police. The gang has a network across several states including Haryana, Delhi, Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.Police stopped a car and jeep near Babu Banarsi Das University on Faizabad road on Friday. The police team asked the drivers to show registration papers of the motor vehicles and the three men in the motor vehicles were not able to produce the documents. On being pressed the trio confessed that along with other members of the gang they stole the car from Ghaziabad and Bolero from Madhya Pradesh.The three accused (Rae Bareli resident Geetanand Yadav, Mathura resident Rakesh Singh and Agra resident Hridesh) told police that they used local agents and contacts to get forged registration papers of the motor vehicles and sold them. The police said close to 15 miscreants from different states are members of the gang. Moreover, Gosainganj and Sarojininagar police teams in separate operations caught auto lifters from their areas on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17539575", "title": "Mushrooming mobile towers affect children the most", "text": "PATNA: Official records state there are 486 base transceiver stations (BTS towers) or mobile towers in the state capital. That is the number of towers registered with the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC). But as the number of private telecommunication service providers has increased considerably, mobile towers too have mushroomed in the city and it is difficult to believe that the above figure is true. What is disconcerting in this regard is the fact that no mobile tower registration has been done in the city in the past two years.The PMC is currently in the process of preparing a rules and regulation manual related to setting up of mobile towers. PMC chief engineer R K Verma said the manual had been sent for approval to the municipal commissioner. After his approval, the file would be forwarded to a standing committee for implementation.Rooftop BTS towers have become one of the most prominent features of the city's skyline for the past few years now. PMC commissioner Pankaj Kumar Pal told TOI that the guidelines relating to establishing mobile tower was underway and \"we will take strict action against the defaulters according to rules when they come into effect\".Reports of harmful effects of radiation emitted from mobile towers have been making the headlines for quite some time. However, Pal said, \"Health hazards due to emissions from cellphone towers have not yet been established.\"People generally allow installation of cellphone towers on their houses because they are paid a monthly rent. The towers also have generators to provide continuous power supply. \"Towers are put up only after permission from the municipal corporation and the pollution control board (for generators),\" said an official of Bharti Infratel, a provider of tower and related infrastructure to major telecom companies, and estimated the number of towers to be around 13,000-14,000 in Bihar and Jharkhand.The Bihar State Pollution Control Board (BSPCB) officials said the regulations require that the generator should have a canopy and the noise level up to a distance of 1 metre should be less than 75 decibels. A private telecom company official said that towers are not set up in an area where the radiation level is found to be high.Senior Congressman Premchand Mishra, who had strongly raised the issue of health hazards caused by emissions from mobile towers a few years ago, said, \"Some years back, the government had made a committee that included members of PMC and other departments but no concrete measures were taken.\" \"With imposition on tax on the setting up of mobile towers, the government has just found a new way to generate revenue,\" he said.Experts believe that long-term exposure to radiation can cause a lot of problems. \"Radiation leads to cell mutation, though the extent of damage depends on the quantum of emission. Though companies claim minimal radiation, people living in proximity to mobile towers are suffering from ill-health,\" said radiologist Dr Pragati Sinha, former president of Indian Radiological and Imaging Association. Children are the worst affected since their immune system is not completely developed, added Sinha.Waves emanating from cellphone towers have serious ill-effect on birds too. \"Mobile towers emit waves of 14,000 Megahertz and the smaller the bird, the worse affected it is by radiation. A considerable decline in sparrow population is seen in the past few years,\" said Navin Kumar, a member of the Indian Bird Conservation Network (IBCN).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17539592", "title": "Tech toll: 'Ghodi' is gone, but invitation card stays", "text": "PATNA: Technology might have taken its toll on Hindu weddings with 'ghodi' giving way to motor car in most of the marriages, but the traditional 'amantran' remains unchanged - at least in this part of the country.Though a few of the city's brides and grooms opted for e-mailing 'netcards' to their friends as the invite to their weddings, sources in the know estimate the invitation card business remains worth Rs 20 to 25 crore every marriage season in Patna. \"The turnover remains more or less the same every marriage season; in fact it has gone up in accordance with the price rise elsewhere in the market,\" said Dilip Agrawal of Dariyapur Gola's New Dilip &amp; Company which deals in wedding cards. According to him, 50-odd shops in Patna town are into this business.Dr Shashi Shekhar for whom the wedding bell rang a few days ago told TOI he did mail e-cards for his wedding to his friends living abroad, but he didn't even think of doing away with the 'hard copies' of invitation cards. \"Of course it is the age of the internet, but lavish and designer cards have a different aura about them. Even from the days of 'rajas' and 'maharajas', all messages and invitations were sent through the cards only...,\" the young medical professional who resides in Rajiv Nagar said.Invitation cards will also be an important part of the wedding of Amrita Kanchan , scheduled for February, because \"my family is concerned more about our customs and traditions than convenience\". \"It has been a tradition in our family to give the first invitation card to our family deity and to maternal grandparent's place. How can we even think of my marriage sans invitation cards?\" asked the postgraduate student of Patna University. She, however, added that for friends and relatives living abroad, an e-card and a subsequent phone call would be enough to ensure their presence on the D-Day.Retired banker Madhukar Rai, whose son, a Bangalore-based architect, is to tie the knot in February, told TOI the groom favoured \"hassle-free e-cards\" while he insisted on printed invitation cards for the occasion. \"Finally we settled for both,\" the Khajpura resident said.More than anything else, it's for ecological reasons that Supriya Singh will prefer e-cards for her soon-to-be-solemnized marriage. \"If we don't use printed cards, we save paper and thus trees,\" she said. The Patna Women's College graduate currently pursuing MBA from a Hyderabad-based B-school, however, admitted she might have a tough time convincing her parents on the issue.And not everyone who receives invitations online approves of the new trend. \"Such invitations lack warmth and affection,\" said Patna University's PG student Pooja Singh, who recently received a wedding invitation from her friend on facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17540180", "title": "Father, friends abuse six-year-old girl", "text": "KOCHI: In yet another gruesome tale of sexually abusing a minor, a six-year-old girl has been allegedly molested by her father and friends in Kuruppampady near Perumbavoor.Though the mother filed a complaint a month ago, the Kuruppampady police are yet to nab the culprits in the shocking crime.According to police, Korah (38) of Vengoor near Perumbavoor molested his daughter studying in first standard. Korah and the mother of the child are living separately for almost five years. When the mother fell ill a year ago, she entrusted the elder girl with her father. \"She stayed with her father for around six months. When she returned, the child showed some serious behavioural problems,\" the mother told TOI.\"She used to suffer from stomach pain and had urinary infection. So, I took her to a hospital where the doctors grew suspicious, and suggested that the child may have been molested. In a further check-up by a gynaecologist, molestation has been confirmed. We also sought the advice of a psychiatrist. I have lodged a complaint against Korah,\" she said.As per the complaint, no other person except Korah was involved in the crime. But the psychiatrist, who spoke to the child, said that there might have been others involved in the incident. \"As per the information we could gather from the child, she has been sexually abused by more than one person. The child gave us the names of Korah and other persons. In her own words, she described how she was abused by her father and others. There is clear evidence that the child has been molested for quite some time. As a consequence of the abuse, the girl has suffered irreparable behavioural problems,\" said Dr Ajeesh Ramachandran, psychiatrist, district hospital, Aluva. \"According to the girl, her father used to abuse her after forcing her to consume alcohol,\" he added.Police said that Korah and the complainant had two daughters, with a younger one aged four years. He also has three daughters from an earlier marriage. He married the complainant in 2005, and separated in 2007. \"The report from the gynaecologist has proved that the girl was sexually abused, but not raped. Korah had gone into hiding even before the women lodged the complaint,'' said Harikrishnan K, DSP, Perumbavoor. Though the police say that Korah is absconding, he is learnt to have moved court for anticipatory bail.As per the complaint, no other person except Korah was involved in the crime. But the psychiatrist, who spoke to the child, said that there might have been others involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17540691", "title": "Dismissed SHO to approach seniors for justice", "text": "AMRITSAR: Government took no time in suspending and then dismissing Chheharata SHO Ashwani Kumar to assuage public anger and teach police a lesson for dereliction of duties following killing of ASI Ravinderpal Singh. But the officer claimed that he reacted on the verbal complaint of Ravinderpal's daughter Robinjot Kaur and still government didn't give him chance to explain his side of the story. He said his seniors knew the truth and he would approach them for justice.Right after the killing of Ravinderpal Singh allegedly by Ranjit Singh Rana and his accomplices on December 5, Chheharata police especially the SHO had been accused of negligence of duties, following which DGP Sumedh Singh Saini announced his dismissal from the force.Talking to TOI on Saturday, Sharma said on December 1, Robinjot had come to Chheharata police station and was crying that a few people had molested her. \"As she was about to leave without giving any complaint, I called her in my office and listened to her,\" he said, adding that she complained that four elderly persons had stopped and harassed her.He claimed that he sent two head constables Jyoti and Baldev Singh along with Robinjot Kaur to the site where she was harassed, but they didn't find anyone. \"She even gave me the number of vehicle used by them, which I immediately circulated through wireless, but didn't get any response,\" he said. He said the girl told him that she didn't know the names of the persons or their addresses. He said her father as well as her uncle Hardev Singh were in police force and knew that a written complaint was required for police before taking action. \"I still responded to her verbal complaint,\" he claimed. He said his senior police officers knew the truth and he would approach them for justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539813", "title": "Woman's body found in Juhu", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of a 35-year-old woman was found in Juhu Koliwada-near a beat chowky-early on Saturday. There were multiple injuries on the body, which was wrapped in plastic sheets, the woman had sustained a skull fracture, the police said.This is the fourth instance of a body being found in the Andheri-Juhu belt since 2010, claim investigators. A case of murder has been registered. On Saturday, a resident spotted the body around 7.15am and called up the Santa Cruz police. The body has been sent to Cooper Hospital for post-mortem. \"The victim hands were bound with a chord,\" a police official said.\"The woman was dressed in a red salwar-kameez. No ornaments or documents were found on her,\" said the official. \"Her autopsy report is awaited and it will shed light on whether or not she was sexually abused,\" he added. In February, the body of a woman in her mid-thirties was found by morning walkers in Koliwada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17539008", "title": "Pedestrians First wants anti-honking norms", "text": "PUNE: Citizen's group, Pedestrians First has written a letter to the Pune municipal commissioner, Mahesh Pathak and deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare, requesting them to take steps to reduce noise pollution and declare 'no honking zones' at different road junctions.Pedestrians First has also suggested that sign boards should be put up near junctions saying ban on honking and traffic police should be instructed to impose fine on those who violate the anti-honking regulation.In the letter, they have pointed out that according to Motor Vehicles Act, honking without valid reason is not permitted and fine is stipulated for the violation.Prashant Inamdar, convenor Pedestrians First told TOI that private vehicles are responsible for a major part of noise pollution in the city. \"To reduce noise pollution, we have suggested that all junctions with signals should be declared as 'no honking zones.' There should be awareness among people and some level of enforcement is necessary,'' he said.The letter to PMC commissioner and DCP (traffic) states that it's necessary to have a reasonable sound level for horns and use of it should be restricted to the minimum and used only when required. There is a need for strict restriction on honking and it can be immediately enforced at the road junctions. This will provide some relief to all commuters as well as all those residing or working in the particular area. According to Inamdar, it was seen that horns were used without any valid reason in many cases. Indiscrete honking at road junctions was absolutely unjustified. Moreover, some irresponsible drivers have no qualms in honking even when the signal is red. Other impatient drivers start honking immediately after the signal turns green. There is a need to change the mindset, he said.\"Honking not only adds to the noise level but also causes irritation and annoyance. Sudden blaring of horns can even startle other drivers creating safety issues. Hence we request the authorities concerned to take immediate steps,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17540868", "title": "Cancer survey sans tests, staff equipped with just registers", "text": "PATIALA: Medical authorities in the district these days are busy getting a survey carried out to detect cancer patients, but the teams are doing so without any medical tests. All they are equipped with are pamphlets and registers.Sources revealed that two years ago, trained doctors and paramedical staff of Punjab health department had conducted medical tests on residents of Patiala districts and detected 1,301 cancer cases. But this time, though authorities claimed to have trained all 1,100 Aasha worker and hundreds of nursing students, a large number of them denied having undergone any such exercise.Worst, an interaction with some of these workers revealed that majority of them are not even aware of symptoms. For the past five days they have been conducting a house-to-house survey with a pamphlet of symptoms. \"We have been asked to note names of 'suspected patients',\" said one workers.\"You need to do a medical test of a person before classifying him as a suspected cancer patient. But strangely, these workers are categorizing people as suspected cancer cases, without any tests. The workers are untrained,\" confirmed a senior health officer.Besides raising questions on the authenticity of such figures, the untrained staff seems to have created serious problems for health authorities as during five days they have already \"detected\" 252 suspected patients and also reported that 121 residents have died due to cancer. According to records, the teams have visited 16,378 houses and \"interacted\" with 81,635 persons.Admitting that the patients have been classified as \"suspected cases\", PPatiala Family Welfare Officer Dr Surinderpal Singh said, \"We have put them under suspected cancer category. Final figure would be arrived at only after mandatory tests.\"INFOBOXDr D C Sharma , retired deputy director of health department , said though there are many tests to detect cancer as doctors conduct different tests as per the existence of cancer in various parts of body. Main tests include fine needle curettage , Papsmear test, , blood tests, check serum level test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17543571", "title": "Zaheer Khan and Yuvraj Singh dropped for fourth Test against England", "text": "KOLKATA: Stung by two successive defeats on home soil, the national selectors on Sunday cracked the whip by axing veteran pace spearhead Zaheer Khan and batsman Yuvraj Singh from the squad for the fourth and final Test against England starting on Thursday.Off-spinner Harbhajan Singh, who did not play the last match, also found himself in casualty list as the selectors opted for a leg-spinner in Piyush Chawla and infused young blood by picking Delhi paceman Parvinder Awana and Saurashtra all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja.Barring Yuvraj and Zaheer's omissions, there were no major changes to the squad announced by BCCI secretary Sanjay Jagdale after a meeting of the Sandeep Patil-led selection panel.The selectors also announced the team for the two Twenty20 matches to be held in Pune (December 20) and Mumbai (December 22) in which Uttar Pradesh all-rounder Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Awana were the two new faces. Virender Sehwag and Zaheer Khan were left out and the Board explained that they were unavailable for the series.\"I don't want to comment on selection issues. No one is happy when the team loses. We are looking into it, we are working on it,\" said Jagdale.Jadeja, a hot property in the IPL, and Awana were rewarded with a berth in the team for their consistent performance in the domestic circuit.Under pressure to make changes after the debacles in Mumbai and Kolkata, the national selectors, however, refrained from making wholesale changes to the squad.As a result some of the other non-performing stars retained their places while the two spinners -- R Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha -- despite being below-par have hung on to their places.Off-spinner Ashwin has flopped as a bowler in the series so far but his unbeaten knock of 91 may have just saved him from the axe.Jadeja's inclusion provides the all-rounder's option to the team, particularly after the middle-order batsmen failed to make much of an impression. Virat Kohli has had a dismal series, while Sachin Tendulkar has also been struggling for runs though he scored 76 in the first innings.Zaheer's axing was on the cards as he took only one wicket in 31 overs that he bowled in the third Test and has a tally only four wickets in three Tests.While Steven Finn and James Anderson swung the ball in Kolkata, Zaheer failed to do so for India and was shoddy on the field.Zaheer's absence will mean that either Ashok Dinda or Awana would play in the Nagpur Test. Ishant Sharma, who also did not make much of an impact, has been retained though his place in the playing XI remains uncertain.Jadeja hit two triple centuries against Gujarat and Railways in the Ranji Trophy and was recently in the news for being the first Indian to hit three triple centuries.Awana was among the top three wicket-takers last season and has already got two five-wicket in the two Ranji Trophy matches this season.Squad for Nagpur Test: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (c), Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Sachin Tendulkar, Virat Kohli, Cheteshwar Pujara, Ravindra Jadeja, R Ashwin Piyush Chawla, Ishant Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Ashok Dinda, Murali Vijay, Parvinder Awana.Squad for Twenty20 series: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (c), Gautam Gambhir, Ajinkya Rahane, Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma, Suresh Raina, Yuvraj Singh, Manoj Tiwary, Ravichandran Ashwin, Ravindra Jadeja, Piyush Chawla, Ashok Dinda, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Laxmipathy Balaji, Parvinder Awana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17541211", "title": "Class X student becomes \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcauthority\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 on nutrition", "text": "JAIPUR: Shabnam Khan, a class X student of Rehmaniya Model School, takes session on benefits of nutrition in his locality explaining the importance of green leafy vegetables in fulfilling the deficiency of vitamins and proteins required by the human body. Khan has turned out be an authority in health and hygiene in her locality.The change in her life was brought by three girls from the United States, who have imparted three months training on health and hygiene to 600 girls students of Rehmaniya Girls Students aiming to expose them on several health related problems.Khan was one of the 600 schoolgirls who underwent the training given by the three girls from US \u00e2\u20ac\u201dSabeena Shaikh, Florence Kernts and Caity Martin - volunteers of an NGO Health Awareness Programme in South Asian Countries based in Texas in association with Jaipur based NGO Quality of Life Improvement Society in association (QUALIS).Shaikh informed that based on the feedback from the QUALIS they designed a module on nutrition, health and hygiene and infectious disease. They then committed themselves to work for underprivileged women and children for which they also learnt Hindi to make the communication effective. \"The underprivileged people were following several traditional practices like not cooking, different food habits during periods which are medically incorrect. They were also told not to take bath during periods which we scientifically explained to them it leads to several kinds of infection,\" said Shiekh, who is studying public health at the University of Texas. The training was concluded on Saturday.According to the US-based volunteers , discussion of health-related problems in the family are a taboo for most of these rural people. To make them comfortable Many sessions took place behind closed doors in strict absence of male teachers, they said. During the training, the trio were surprised by how these girl students were helping in family matters managing everything from earning, taking care of younger ones, doing household chores and studying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17540589", "title": "GMPF burns copies of CEC report in protest", "text": "PANAJI: Attempting to gain public attention, the Goa Mining People's Front (GMPF) held a protest at the Panaji church square on Saturday evening during the celebration of the feast of Our Lady of Immaculate Conception.In the course of their short protest, around 20-odd leaders from various groups of stakeholders from the mining sector (such as truck drivers) burnt copies of the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) report and denounced the CEC, before dispersing after being told to do so by the police.The church square was crowded on Saturday owing to the mass that was scheduled in the evening as well as the fair that has been set up around the adjacent municipal garden.Suhaas Naik, convener of the GMPF, said, \"We protested against the recommendations of the CEC report. The report has said nothing about the mining-dependent people or any measures for their rehabilitation.\"Asked what future course of action GMPF will adopt, Naik said the front will resort to agitation on the issue soon. \"We will be taking the fight to the streets and courts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17540224", "title": "Cop among 5 killed as car rams parked lorry on ECR", "text": "CHENNAI: Five friends, including a police sub-inspector, were killed when their car rammed a stationary lorry near Kanathur on the East Coast Road in the wee hours of Saturday.Police said the five, all residents of villages near Gummidipoonidi, about 50km from Chennai, were returning home after a visit to the Lord Saneeshwarar temple in Tirunallar near Karaikal when the accident occurred at 12.05am.The driver of a lorry transporting sand to Chennai had parked his vehicle on the roadside, 200 metres before a checkpost near the Kanathur police station, and was showing documents related to the vehicle to a night patrol team when the car smashed into the lorry. The car, police said, was travelling at a speed of more than 105km per hour.The police team pulled out the passengers from the car and took them to the Government General Hospital in Chennai where they were declared 'brought dead'. They were identified as D Suresh Kumar, 32, a realtor of Parivakkam near Tiruvallur, special sub-inspector A Thulasi, 46, of Elavur near Gummidipoondi, P Arumugam, 45, a shopkeeper of Sunnambukulam near Gummidipoondi, G Senthil, 39, a lorry owner, and R Bhakthavatchalam, a farmer, from Nagaraj Kandigai near Gummidipoondi.Police, who said Suresh Kumar was behind the wheel at the time, recovered some bottles of liquor from the car. Some relatives of the victims, who came to the GH on hearing of the accident, told police that the five had returned on Thursday from a pilgrimage to Sabarimala in Kerala before they set out on another. Thulasi, who was attached to the Arambakkam police station near Gummidipoondi, wanted to perform a special puja for his third daughter, who is unmarried, at the temple in Tirunallar.Traffic on the busy ECR was disrupted for more than half an hour after the accident. Police personnel removed the mangled remains of the car to the roadside and later towed it to the Adyar traffic investigation office in Besant Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17540971", "title": "CID may probe Vuda land scam", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Visakhapatnam Urban Development Authority (Vuda ) is reportedly gearing up to lodge a complaint with CID over the Rs 534 crore land scam that came to light earlier this year. Vuda would be lodging the complaint in a couple of days, sources said.Chief secretary Minnie Mathew has reportedly directed Vuda vice chairman Kona Sashidhar to lodge a complaint with CID, despite initial protests from the latter as many investigating agencies have conducted their inquiries and found irregularities.Some Vuda officials allegedly colluded with realtors to give away government land at dirt cheap rates. And while Vuda suspended a few of its employees after the scam broke, political parties allege that lodging a complaint with CID was nothing but a waste of time as many investigating agencies had already confirmed the scam. Based on orders of the AP high court in a particular case, CBI had conducted an investigation and submitted its report. The Vuda vice-chairman too had conducted an internal investigation and submitted his report to the government , confirming the irregularities. Based on his report, vigilance officials too had conducted an inquiry and submitted their report.Following a petition lodged by a TDP leader, ACB sleuths too had conducted investigations following orders of the ACB court and submitted their findings to the authorities concerned. Now, CID has come into the picture and has reportedly insisted on Vuda lodging a complaint before starting its probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17540568", "title": "Fake money menace on the rise in Vizag", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Rajeshwar Rao (name changed), a resident of the city's MVP Colony, recently walked into the MVP Colony branch of Andhra Bank with a few Rs 500 notes to deposit in his son's account. When bank officials detected one of them to be counterfeit they urged Rao to immediately lodge a police complaint.\"I didn't go to the police, but rushed to the shopping mall where I got the note (6LB 937098). When I enquired about the note, they (the shopping mall people) said they were helpless and pointed out that the note might have come from a bank ATM. After that I just lost all hope of getting my money back,\" lamented Rao.Another victim, Pradeep Kumar (name changed) from Seethammadhara inadvertently ended up with a fake Rs 1,000 note after he withdrew money from the ATM of State Bank of India near Alluri Sitaramaraju statue junction. \"I brought the issue to the notice of the officials of the concerned bank too but failed to get justice,\" he said.Police authorities admit that the menace of counterfeit currency is on the rise in the port city, which is seeing many cases of unsuspecting people ending up with fake notes of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denominations. \"In the present year alone we have recorded about 25 complaints so far,\" admitted city crime branch inspector Yelia Babu.Even as more people are falling prey to fake currency, especially those being dispensed by ATM machines, bank officials said that they take all precautions before loading cash into ATMs.Almost all banks take adequate precautions before refilling ATMs in order to prevent such complaints besides curbing circulation of counterfeits, said State Bank of India deputy general manager (business and operations), Manoj Khattar. He said that so far as SBI's Visakhapatnam zone was concerned, no complaints had been reported so far on receipt of fake notes from the bank's branches. As per RBI guidelines, Forged Note Vigilance Cells (FNVC) have also been set up at the head office of various banks to closely monitor fake note cases, a senior bank official said.Yet the menace continues unabated. Explaining the modus operandi, sources said that members of gangs behind the fake currency racket mainly target rural areas to circulate counterfeit currency of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 denominations in order to minimise the risk of being detected. And weekly shandies, ganja trade as well as cattle, forest and agriculture produce selling points in rural areas are emerging as the main platforms for gangs to introduce fake currency into the public.Some mandals like Kotapadu, Devarapalli, Kottavalasa and Narsipatnam in Visakhapatnam district have also become favoured dumping grounds for such gangs, with the Vizag police also nabbing several people circulating fake notes in these mandals.\"Fake currency mainly come to cities through rural areas apart from various other channels. Weekly shandies are one of the main platforms for circulation of fake notes. The department is closely monitoring suspected persons,\" Yelia Babu of the city police said.However, the printing of fake currency and its smuggling is a different story altogether.Police sources revealed that fake currency is allegedly printed in Pakistan and some bordering areas of Bangladesh and smuggled into India. East and West Godavari districts in the state, and Malda district in West Bengal have emerged as the main hubs for fake currency gangs operating in Andhra Pradesh, sources said.It was only some time back that the Vizag city police had arrested two persons from West Godavari and West Bengal for smuggling fake currency when they were suspiciously wandering around in the city railway station and seized around Rs 4.65 lakh worth of fake currency from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17540595", "title": "Ban on liquor in Pernem restricted to only 3 villages", "text": "MAPUSA: The government has lifted a ban on the sale of liquor in the entire Pernem taluka and has restricted it to only the three village panchayats which are going for polls. Elections to three village panchayats of Hasapur-Chandel, Alorna-Talarne and Kasarvarne in Pernem taluka will be held on Sunday.In view of the elections, the government had imposed the ban in the entire taluka on the sale of liquor at licensed premises from December 8 to December 10. There were also limitations on the transportation of liquor within the taluka.Objections were raised by locals that there was no need to ban the sale of liquor in the entire taluka, especially because of the tourism season.The government via corrigendum has restricted the ban only to the jurisdictions of the concerned village panchayats.Although elections to 185 of the 189 village panchayats in Goa were held on May 16, polls were not held for these three panchayats as their terms had not ended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539816", "title": "7 years on, Pooja Bhatt wins obscenity case", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court has quashed an order passed by a Bandra magistrate seven years ago to initiate criminal proceedings against actor-producer Pooja Bhatt over a complaint that a poster of her film Rog was allegedly obscene.Justice K U Chandiwal observed that the term obscenity varies among moral standards of society and is linked to what a rational mind will interpret. \"The publication should be judged as a whole and photos need to be examined with responsible-reader test,\" he said.The case registered against Bhatt was for criminal conspiracy and under Section 292 of the Indian Penal Code which deals with an offence of public display or exhibition of obscene material and attracts up to two years' imprisonment. In his police complaint, the activist, Vinod Jain, had compared the posters as being akin to those of \"blue' films. The police had then registered a case of obscenity against six persons, including Bhatt.Bhatt received her first relief in July 2008 when a Bandra magistrate discharged her and the co-accused saying there wasn't sufficient evidence against them. But Jain challenged the order in the sessions court which, in 2010, set aside the magistrate's order saying the court could not discharge an accused at such an early stage. Against that order, Bhatt went to the high court and sought to have the criminal proceedings against her quashed.Bhatt's lawyer Subodh Desai informed the high court that in April 2005, the police inspector of Santa Cruz was told about the decade-old role of the publicity screening committee, which thoroughly scrutinized all publicity materials of its members' movies and approved posters as well as other promotional material after applying a test of social responsibility to ensure there is no vulgarity. Only then can a producer obtain a censor certificate.Justice Chandiwal said in view of the submissions, the prosecution initiated against Bhatt and her Fish Eye Network Pvt Ltd by the complainant \"leaned more towards a publicity stunt\" than any obscenity charge and quashed the criminal case against her.Bhatt, when contacted, said, \"The film industry is a constant sitting duck, vulnerable to people who misuse certain sections of the law and drag them to court to glorify their personal causes. People often think that a person in the public eye would rather settle out of court than go through a long, legal battle. I decided to take on the moralists and take the case to its logical end.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "17540947", "title": "Clubs challenge cops\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 move to close gambling dens", "text": "GUNTUR: The managements of recreation clubs have hit upon a clever idea to steer clear of police who have launched a crackdown on gambling rooms. They are planning to hire private buildings so that they can continue their gambling activities (card rooms). Besides this, they have also decided to approach the high court with a request to refrain the police from interfering in their activities.With urban SP Ake Ravikrishna taking a tough stance against high-stake rummy, the clubs have approached a leading lawyer to take legal recourse against the frequent police raids which 'disturb their privacy' .At the same time, the clubs have reportedly started identifying some private buildings to take them on long-term lease to turn them into unofficial card rooms. With the clubs facing frequent trouble from police whenever there is a change of guard at the top, they are planning alternatives.They also believe that some police officers are misleading their bosses only to make the most from the hotels and restaurants running card rooms unofficially . Sources said the managements of the clubs are extremely perturbed as their revenue chiefly depends on the card game. According to insiders, the LVR club, one of the oldest in the state, makes a neat Rs 5-10 lakh a day from the gambling room. Sources said that each club makes a profit of over Rs 1 crore a month even after an expenditure of Rs 30-40 lakh a month on maintenance, wages to the workers and power bills.Sources say clubs are backed by top politicians from all parties and many of them even patronize them. There are also rumours that clubs give donations to mainstream political parties during elections to keep their support during police interference.Clubs are contending that frequent inspections of police are bleeding their revenues as members do not turn up in the card room fearing arrests.LVR club secretary Kommineni Vinayaka Rao said rummy without stakes was allowed by courts and playing the card game by the members was within the law. However, SP Ravikrishna made it clear that they would book more cases as per law if the club members interfered with police inspections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17539607", "title": "3 days to go, Patna University Students' Union voters yet to make up their mind", "text": "PATNA: Hectic campaigning for the Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) poll was seen on the campuses of various PU colleges and Darbhanga House on Saturday as it was the last teaching day before the election. Candidates and their supporters were trying hard to impress and convince the students to vote in their favour.Since morning, all the colleges were humming with activity, with groups of candidates and their supporters shouting slogans, singing and dancing on their taglines to catch voters' attention. The moment students entered the Patna College campus, they were surrounded by the supporters of different candidates.Ritwik Raj, a third-year student of BA (political science) of Patna College, was clad in a white kurta, looking very much like a politician. He is a candidate for the post of executive member of the college. His supporters raised a slogan: \"Koi nahi ho takkar mein, kyon pade ho chakkar mein.\" Another group supporting Prachi, a BCA second year student of the same college, shouted \"humse jo takrayega choor choor ho jayega\". Having faced ragging by seniors in her first year, she assured girls students that if she won the election, she would make sure girls are safe on the campus.Patna Women's College (PWC) and Magadh Mahila College (MMC) were the centres of attraction for almost all the candidates. All India Students Association (AISA) supporters, wearing red bands on their forehead, were seen shouting slogan - \"behtar shiksha samman janak rojgar, ye hain humare adhikar\". Supporters of Suman Lata, a second year student of MA (Ancient Indian history), were dancing to the tune of 'oye jogira shararara...' and were getting attention of the girl students.Yet another group raised a slogan - \"ek do teen chaar, Pragya hain super star\". \"Chocolate candy lollipop, Meenakshi is on the top,\" shouted the supporters of Meenakshi Kumari, who is contesting for the post of secretary as an ABVP nominee. Shweta, a third-year student of chemistry (Hons) of Magadh Mahila College (MMC), who is standing for the president's post, was seen visiting various colleges distributing pamphlets among students in classes.While candidates are busy in campaigning, students are spending time in assessing the candidates. \"While some candidates seem genuine, others with politician background are looking forward to this as a platform to launch their political career. There are many who have been the ones passing comments on girls students and creating nuisance on the campus, and now seeking votes promising a disciplined atmosphere,\" pointed out Ritesh Kumar, a second year student of English (Hons).Neha Singhal, a second year English (Hons) student, said, \"Many candidates are coming to our class and sharing their views, but what shocked me was that a few days back an AISA candidate came to my class promising security to girls while he was the one who used to pass comments on me. The moment he saw me, he left the class.\" She added, \"Candidates are campaigning very peacefully with only slight disturbance in the classes, but most of them are not deserving and this is confusing me on whom to vote.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17540558", "title": "Delegation meets FDA on licence fee", "text": "NASHIK: A delegation of the Maharashtra Chamber of Commerce Industry &amp; Agriculture (MCCIA) has urged the Foods and Drug Administration (FDA) not to fine traders, who have not submitted applications for renewal of licences a month before the expiry.The delegation led by vice-president of MCCIA Santosh Mandalecha, met joint commissioner (Food), Nashik civision of FDA Chandrakant Pawar and handed over a memorandum of demands.The FDA has commenced renewal of licenses as per the new Food Safety and Standard Act 2006. As per the Act, it was necessary for the traders to submit their applications for renewal of licenses 30 days before the expiry of their licenses (as the last date of renewal was December 31 and filing applications for renewal was November 30). Traders could not apply for renewal of licences as they were unaware of the rules. As a result, the FDA has started to impose fine of Rs 100 per day. The delegation requested that the fine should not be imposed.Speaking to TOI, MCCIA vice-president Santosh Mandalecha said, \"We have urged the Joint Commissioner of FDA Chandrakant Pawar and urged him to cancel the fine imposed on traders. He has assured us to look into the matter. Moreover, we are also meeting the state's minister for Food &amp; Drug Administration Manohar Naik in Nagpur, shortly and will be handed over a memorandum of demands.\"As per the new Food Safety and Standard Act, the license is compulsory for the businesses having turnover more than Rs 12 lakh, while registrations are mandatory for the businesses having turnover less than Rs. 12 lakh. Around 19,403 businesses have been registered so far in Nashik division, including 5,484 registrations in Nashik district, 3,986 in Dhule district, 4,537 in Jalgaon and 5,396 registrations in Ahmednagar districts. The licences have been issued to 11,377 businesses, including 5,004 businesses in Nashik district, 2,160 businesses in Dhule district, 1,987 in Jalgaon and 2,226 businesses in Ahmednagar districts. The revenue amounting to Rs 5.62 crore were earned through registration and issuance of licence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17540444", "title": "BSY lacks power to bring govt down: C T Ravi", "text": "MYSORE: BJP government in the state is facing threat of collapse, higher education minister C T Ravi admitted on Saturday.\"Former CM B S Yeddyurappa lacks power to bring down the government,\" he told reporters here on Saturday. \"I've come to play in the last overs, and habe been facing googlies and bouncers. The problem is that the match is likely to be abandoned due to bad weather,\" he said, drawing parallel the present condition of the government to cricket. This came in repose to the University of Mysore's request for additional funds to create/ upgrade infrastructure.The senior BJP minister said Yeddyurappa is one of the top leaders who built the party for over three decades, and was rewarded by the party with the CM's post. \"It is unfortunate that he is blaming the party for his present status,\" he said, adding: \"We could face temporary setback in the polls. But it should be remembered that ours is a cadre-based party and a movement. It cannot be curbed by anybody.\"Leader-centric political parties have collapsed on their own in the state, he said, pointing at those formed by former CMs D Devaraj Urs and S Bangarappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17544092", "title": "'Rural India needs more awareness on cardiac disease'", "text": "The urban-rural divide in India is quickly disappearing as far as cardiac diseases are concerned, with many village residents acquiring risk factors for heart disease such as high cholesterol and diabetes , doctors said on Saturday .\"Blood pressure and other risk factors of cardiac disease is now high among people in rural areas. We need to create awareness in rural areas,\" Santanu Guha, general secretary, Cardiac Society of India (CSI), said on the sidelines of the 64th Annual CSI Conference and SAARC Cardiac Congress.He also said CSI is coming out with booklets in regional languages on heart disease to educate them.According to CSI, recent studies have shown that heart diseases have emerged as the number one killer in both urban and rural areas of the country.\"The diseases affect men and women alike. If all age groups are included, heart diseases account for about 19 per cent of all deaths in the country,\" said a surgeon at the conference.The four-day conference in Delhi, with almost 3,000 cardiac surgeons across the country in attendance, focused on \" Cardiology in India-Prevention &amp; Intervention \". It ended on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542799", "title": "ScarJo flaunts 36C boobs in new photoshoot", "text": "Scarlett Johansson , who has landed the job of fronting Dolce and Gabbana's beauty line for the second year, has left little to the imagination in the latest photoshoot for the fashion house.As impressive as her application of eye shadow in the promo is, it's the 28-year-old actress' corset-clad physique that really grabs the attention.Another ad features the 'Lost In Translation' star running a hand through her hair, as she poses with a bottle of D and G perfume 'The One Desire,' the Sun reported.Although she appears more covered up in the snap - taken by celebrated photographer Terry Richardson - the screen siren cuts an equally smoking sight as she makes seductive eyes at the camera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539513", "title": "'Is bound script a myth?'", "text": "Chulbul Pandey is not a rich Punjabi NRI but a small-town, Robin Hood-like cop. Dabangg was the film Anusha Rizvi, writer of the film Peepli Live, chose to cite as an example of how an unconventional story is not necessarily for a niche audience alone. There is space for such writing, even amidst the tall trees, foreign dancers and love triangles of mainstream, commercial Bollywood. This was the highlight of a panel discussion titled 'Screensavers'.Panelists Rizvi and writer Urmi Juvekar of Shanghai and Oye Lucky Lucky Oye fame are representatives of this new, deviant space in an industry not really known to nurture writers. So, it was inevitable the session that intended to dissect this change also assumed the aura of the writer's guide to surviving Bollywood. \"When the underworld was pumping money into Bollywood , they wanted their stories to be told. But now, there is space for films with a small budget,\" said Juvekar, who felt the ch-ange is driven by economics.Moderator Rajeev Masand asked, \"Is the bound script a myth?\" To this, Rizvi said, \"The shooting script is separate from the written script,\" referring to the room for changes. Juvekar added from syntax to lines, all can ch-ange in accordance with an ac-tor's insistence or the locat-i-on.Masand recalled an instan-ce where the script demanded the leading actor, who was pl-aying a cop, chase a few thugs. He refused saying, \"I do-n't chase people. They ch-a-se me.\" The scene was rewritten.It is said in several films, the plot tends to run out of steam after 'intermission'. \"One reason is we are very lazy,\" said Juvekar. Rizvi felt this was also indicative of a failing in the first half, as \"wi-thout establishing conflict, there can be no resolution\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17539658", "title": "Students brainstorm amid loud cheers at Quizomania", "text": "INDORE: Zeal and enthusiasm marked the aura at 'Quizomania,' the inter-school quiz contest organized by The Times of India at Vidyasagar School on Saturday. Around 500 students from more than 50 schools across the city participated in the event, divided into two stages.Six teams with three members each were first selected for the second stage based on their performance in the written test. Second stage spread over six rounds was based on quiz and it was conducted by quizmaster Dyu D'Cunha. It had the theme 'test cricket,' and was played by the six finalist teams.The first of the six round was named 'Team Selection' where the teams chose the difficulty of the question level themselves. The question posed against 'a score of six' was greater in difficulty level as opposed to the question for 'a score of four.' In the final round 'Turning Track,' which was a rapid fire round, Delhi Public School (DPS) team turned the table and catapulted themselves from the third rank to the top position. Shishukunj International School grabbed the second spot while Choithram School (Manek Bagh) remained at the third position. The other three finalist teams were Daly College, Sanmati Higher Secondary School and Satya Saai Higher Secondary School.\"I am extremely impressed with the kind of response we received here today. The children were well prepared and ready for the challenge. I have been to Indore earlier but this is the first time, I hosted a contest for school kids here. The number of schools that turned up for participation revealed their enthusiasm,\" said the quizmaster Dyu D'Cunha.Another competition, which was held there along with the quiz contest, was cheerleading competition. \"Visiting students were upbeat for this category as well. They had come prepared with placards with social messages and trumpets and their roaring voices only added to the excitement of participants,\" said D'Cunha. Message of saving the girl child spread by Vidyasagar students was also very enlightening.Principal, Vidyasagar School said, \"We are glad to have hosted this event. About the quiz, I would say the children these days have unlimited access to the information and it was reflected during the contest. The questions prepared for the contest were interesting and based on current issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17540012", "title": "BJP wants all-party view on local body tax", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is likely to accept the state government's plan to replace octroi with local body tax (LBT). The government is all set to finalize the deadline within a week and the BJP-led ruling party in the NMC is yet to take any decision even though as a political party it has decided to oppose LBT.After introducing LBT in 19 of the total 26 municipal corporations in the state, the government has started the process to introduce it in six cities which fall in grade A and B, including NMC, from December 6. The issue is sub judice in one city.At the meeting held on December 6, CM Prithviraj Chavan directed the NMC to send their queries within eight days. A senior NMC official said that the government has taken a decision to bring in LBT. \"The NMC may be directed to implement it from April next year,\" he said.The NMC administration will have to follow the Government's directives. It is unlikely to oppose it and may accept the deadline. Besides, the administration too feels that the LBT may increase its revenue.Ruling party leader Praveen Datke told TOI that a decision will be taken after considering the views of all sectors. \"LBT issue is related to the entire city. We have to take views of MPs, MLAs, traders, social organizations and also corporators. Meetings will be convened to take their views. The decision will be conveyed to the government. We will not oppose the abolition of octroi but are undecided on LBT and any other option,\" he said.MLA Devendra Fadnavis said the LBT is being opposed strongly throughout the state. \"LBT is a complex issue and also supports 'inspector raj'. Besides, VAT was introduced with an assurance that all types of taxes will be put to an end. We may ask the government to apply a surcharge on VAT instead of LBT. It will make easy for taxpayers and also bring transparency,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17539549", "title": "Govt sacks shiksha karmis", "text": "RAIPUR: Chhattisgarh government has sacked a number of agitating 'Shiksha Karmis'\u00e2\u20ac\u201dteachers appointed by panchayats to work on honorarium basis\u00e2\u20ac\u201das their six-day long strike has left academic activities paralyzed in hundreds of schools across the state.\"We have issued orders dismissing the contract teachers from service while a large number of agitating teachers have been placed under suspension in a number of districts,\" a government spokesman said.In state capital Raipur, police prevented a group of shiksha karmis who tried to stage a dharna near Bhuda Talab area while the police removed the agitating teachers from Durg, Janjgir and other places .They also prevented them from staging demonstrations.Raipur collector Siddharth Komal Singh Pardeshi said notices have been issued to the agitating teachers asking them to resume their duties.Shiksha Karmis, the teachers working on honorarium basis, are on agitation for the last six days to press their two-point demand including permanent absorption in service and wage revision.The agitation has virtually paralyzed studies and schools, run by panchayat bodies, across the state.Meanwhile, the opposition Congress has described the government action as 'undemocratic' saying that the BJP, in its last election manifesto, had promised to revise the honorarium of these teachers and even absorb their services.They alleged that the state government was trying to suppress the strike furore using the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17539859", "title": "Today's slums generate tomorrow's middle class", "text": "BANGALORE: History can be approached from beyond the sequence of political events, said Sanjeev Sanyal, recipient of young global leader of 2010 by The World Economic Forum ( Davos), on Saturday, minutes before launching his latest book, Land of the Seven Rivers: A Brief History of India's Geography.\"Geography is certainly one way to go about it,\" said the economist author. Sanyal is due to speak at the Bangalore Literature Festival on Sunday.History can also be learnt from the rise and fall of cities, change in trade routes and wildlife and genetics of Indians, he said, adding that travelling throughout the country and world, especially Southeast Asia , helped him understand Indian history better.\"Did you know that Zanzibar, near Tanzania , is still home to a colony of Indian-origin immigrants for centuries now?\" he asked.The urban theorist and environmentalist also said that master-planned cities in the country, like Chandigarh, haven't generated as many jobs as the old British-era cities of Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore. \"Great cities are those which evolve, but not randomly, and are managed well. Singapore is a good example. It is not a master-planned city. The layout is continuously evolving, so it's an organic city, the simplest way to ensure a good city design is to improve its walkability features.\"If you can't do the first mile and last mile walking, public transport system, no matter where in the world it is located in, will not work out. Indian cities are not designed for walking. We can bring about a change at least by discussing the issue,\" he added.The economist with a prominent bank said India is poised to become an urban majority country in another 25 years, and the government needs to recognize the change, socially, culturally and otherwise. \"It is not a good idea to simply demolish slums. Slums are an important part of the ecology of a developing city as they play the role of routers in the migration process. Tomorrow's middle class is being generated from today's slums,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539512", "title": "Tongue-tied in an age of melting identities", "text": "The worth of any language, even its longevity, directly hi-nges on its speaker's needs. That's the message a packed audience took home on Saturday from the session 'Losing Language, Losing Identity'.Author-journalist Mrinal Pande took part in a genial conversation with writer Shanta Gokhale and lyricist-adman Prasoon Joshi, to find a common ground on the tricky issue. Moderated by translator Arunava Sinha, the session began with a question - if mothers no longer speak the mother tongue, will culture be gagged? To this, Gokhale said, \"Mothers are being held responsible for too much. If language is being gagged at home then it is questionable. However, I think language is being gagged on account of another dominating language. This is bound to happen in any modernizing society as employability is a factor.\"Pande said the mother tongue has several layers. Pitch-forking one such layer into the discussion, she showed how language used at home can be pregnant with gender dynamics. She cited a statement by any husband, like, \"It's 7am\". To this, in the Indian context, the woman may resp-ond with, \"I'll make some tea for you\".Joshi, reflective of a younger gene-r---ation, said, \"Losing one's mother to-n-gue is part of that process where new identities are being formed even digit-a-lly... The old and new should co-exist. For this a certain largeness of he-art is ne-eded. This is often missing in se-lf-proclaimed protectors of language.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539815", "title": "BEST bus mows down pillion rider", "text": "MUMBAI: A 47-year-old man lost his life after a BEST bus rammed into the bike he was travelling on in Malad (E) on Friday. The bus driver, Nitin Gawli (31), was arrested by the Dindoshi police on negligence charges.Ashok Singh, the deceased, was riding pillion on a bike with his younger brother, Rakesh (38). Around 8.45pm, the brothers reached COD Junction on the Western Express Highway in Malad (E). \"A BEST bus travelling in the same direction rammed into the bike from behind. Ashok was thrown off the bike due to the impact. Rakesh sustained minor bruises on his hands. Ashok was taken to Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli, where he was declared dead on arrival.\"Gawli was driving rashly and rammed into the bike while trying to overtake it. He did not appear drunk but his blood test reports are awaited,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17544079", "title": "Govers gives Australia 5th successive Champions Trophy title", "text": "MELBOURNE: A golden goal by Kieran Govers gave Australia their fifth successive Champions Trophy title as the hosts prevailed 2-1 over the Netherlands in the final on Sunday.Govers sent a stinging shot into the boards from top of the circle in the fifth minute of extra-time to clinch Australia's fifth successive Champions Trophy triumph after the teams were tied 1-1 in regulation period.Olympic silver-medallists the Netherlands had opened the scoring in the 18th minute through a penalty corner conversion by Sander de Wijn, while Australia equalised in the 31st minute on a penalty corner strike by Russell Ford.Australia dominated the title contest against the Dutch, who were playing their first final after six years.Dutch custodian Jaap Stockmann, who played a brilliant game against dominant Australian strikers, was beaten by a firm shot from Govers, who had been left unmarked on top of the circle and received the ball from Eddie Ockenden.Ockenden, captaining the Australian team in the final, shaped the winning goal through his fine move down the centre when he got past a host of Dutch defenders before finding Govers on the right flank with a measured pass that helped Australia overcome Netherlands.The Dutch had held Australia to a goalless draw in their preliminary league encounter.Netherlands opened the scoring on their first penalty corner when Sander de Wijn sent a soaring drag-flick into the top corner of the net.Stung by the reverse, Australia came out strongly to force three penalty corners in seven minutes before half time.Australia got the equaliser through a penalty corner conversion in the 31st minute when Ford swept the ball into the boards on a set-piece execution.The defending champions could have gone one up at half-time after Christopher Ciriello's penalty corner shot in the 35th minute struck Dutch captain Klass Vermeulen's body on the goal-line and a penalty stroke was awarded.But Stockmann effected a save on Jamie Dwyer's penalty stroke. Playing the full-press game, Australia forced the Dutch to fall back to defend their goal but Stockmann brought off some brilliant saves to deny them a goal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "17544373", "title": "Under trial escapes, case registered against careless constables", "text": "SANGRUR: Two head constables have been booked for dereliction of duty because of an under trial running away from their custody.The head constables, Meharban Singh and Harbans Singh had got the under trial, Gurnam Singh of Dhuri, lodged in Sangrur jail to his residence at Dhuri from where he ran away giving the cops a slip.As per information, Gurnam Singh was suffering from some dental problem and the jail doctor had referred him to dental college in Patiala, but the cops before taking him to Patiala got Gurnam to his Dhuri residence. Gurnam was lodged in jail for a case registered against him about three months back at Dhuri police station under NDPS act.Inquiry officer in the case, Karminder Singh said \"police has registered a case against the head constables for dereliction of duty and the accused Gurnan Singh under sections 223, 224, efforts are being made to arrest Gurnam\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539655", "title": "Dharavi cop shifted after custodial death", "text": "MUMBAI: An assistant inspector from Dharavi police station, Irfan Shaikh, who was investigating a fake currency haul, was shifted to the police control room on Saturday over allegations of harassment and malpractices.Rafik Shaikh, who was arrested in a fake currency case, died in a lock-up at Dharavi police station under mysterious circumstances last week. Rafik's family has alleged that he was tortured in the police custody. While a senior police officer said Irfan was transferred due to the custodial death, sources claimed that there were several complaints filed against him. A Dharavi resident, Irshad Shaikh, claims that Irfan tried to falsely implicate him and his father in a cheating case. \"My uncle, Shamshad, duped some investors whom he was paying monthly interest. After Shamshad fled, Irfan summoned my father asked him to repay the investors,\" said Irshad. \"He assaulted and even threatened my father, even though we were not involved in Shamshad's activities,\" he added. When he refused to cough up the money, Irfan registered a cheating case against Irshad, Tabarak and three others.Later, the two were arrested. \"After my lawyer argued the case in a metropolitan magistrate court, the court directed that the case be taken away from Irfan,\" said Irshad.Irfan refused to discuss the allegations levelled against him. The crime branch, which is probing into the custodial death case is awaiting Rafik's viscera report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "17538689", "title": "Ex-sub-registrar in Crime Branch net", "text": "BALASORE: The Crime Branch of police has arrested three retired government employees, including a former sub-registrar, in connection with irregularities during registration of land seven years ago.The accused, identified as former sub-registrar Ganesh Chandra Das, senior clerk Bijay Kumar Tarei and head clerk Sk Kalim, were produced in a court on Saturday. They were remanded in judicial custody. Sources said they had illegally registered at least 52 sale deeds by tampering with dates and violating government guidelines which had cost the state exchequer at least Rs 26 lakh.Crime Branch DSP Rabindranath Mohapatra said these officials in connivance with some influential people of a minority community had registered sale deeds in back dates without inviting no objections.. The irregularities came to the fore in 2005 when a few influential people sold a patch of nearly 4.41 acres near Christian High School here at a throwaway price. The land belonged to a minority community society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539659", "title": "7 Navi Mumbai policemen suspended as two flee custody after Delhi court hearing", "text": "Seven Navi Mumbai policemen, including a sub-inspector, have been suspended for lapses that led to the escape of two accused from their custody. The seven cops are sub-inspector Pandurang Kale and six constables Anand Rajgiri, Santosh Bhosale, Omkar Thakre, Shrinivas Devki, Pardeshi Singh and Bapat. Currently, the seven are in police custody at Delhi. The accused have been identified as Gurcharan Chahel and Sumit Narula. The seven policemen were asked to escort the accused from Taloja jail in Navi Mumbai to New Delhi for a court hearing on December 3. After the court hearing, the Navi Mumbai cops reportedly went to the residence of an accused in Hardev Nagar for a meal. The seven claim they felt dizzy after eating and suspect that their food may have been laced with sedatives by the accused. \"We have suspended the seven cops and further action may also be taken after the completion of the inquiry by the Delhi police,\" said a senior police officer.\"We will recover all the official firearms of the suspended policemen,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "after a mesmerizing session during which the poet read many of his most imagery-laden poems, including 'dastak', which he wrote for aman ki asha, the indo-pak peace project spearheaded by this newspaper, gulzar spoke to stoi on the sidelines of the blf", "code": "17539899", "title": "'I'm your past, don't leave me behind'", "text": "After a mesmerizing session during which the poet read many of his most imagery-laden poems, including 'Dastak', which he wrote for Aman Ki Asha, the Indo-Pak peace project spearheaded by this newspaper, Gulzar spoke to STOI on the sidelines of the BLF:Is it necessary to learn the craft of poetry in order to be a good poet?You have to learn the craft of poetry, but your thoughts are your own. Your thoughts have to be your own. They reflect how you respond to your surroundings and to society. It's like learning music. Kitna bhi achha gaao, sa re ga ma to seekhna ki padega.Do you feel today's youth is moved by poetry?Mediums keep changing. How can you tell them, don't watch TV? It's like telling someone with the smartest calculator to do additions and multiplications manually. In fact, I tell young people, 'Hold my hand and take me with you. I'm your past, I am important. Don't leave me behind'.What's the difference between writing lyrics for films and your own poetry?My poetry is my statement, it comes from what I see and observe and feel. No one tells me what to write. Creating lyrics for a given character and situation in a film - that's more challenging. I have to imagine myself in that character, immerse myself in his thoughts. I have to write within certain boundaries, and that has its own rewards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "due to proposed cleaning of jahanuma reservoir there will be a short supply of water on december 10 and 11 in some areas. on december 10, water supply would be between 5am and 9am in ali nagar, gazai banda, kummarwadi, misrigunj, bakshigunj and do pahad shah dargah. on december 11, the areas likely to be affected are", "code": "17540812", "title": "Water supply to be affected on December 10, 11", "text": "Due to proposed cleaning of Jahanuma reservoir there will be a short supply of water on December 10 and 11 in some areas. On December 10, water supply would be between 5am and 9am in Ali Nagar, Gazai Banda, Kummarwadi, Misrigunj, Bakshigunj and Do Pahad Shah Dargah. On December 11, the areas likely to be affected are: Jahanuma Upper Bazaar, Jahanuma Studio, Char Chaman, Engine Bowli, Farooq Nagar, Madina Colony, Jahanuma Lancer, Payeem Bagh, Khaja Pahadi Tadba, Pool Bagh, Sattar Bagh, Basharath Nagar, Biryani Shah Tekdi and Nawab Sab Kunta. Ward 18 &amp; Jangammet, Quadri Chaman might get low pressure/restricted supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17539812", "title": "Hoshangabad team quits match", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bizarre incident, the Hoshangabad division under-15 boys' cricket team walked out of their match with Bhopal at the Bab-e-Ali ground here on Saturday after their players fell ill and complained of stomach ache.Bhopal was declared winner on the basis of first innings lead.Sources said, around 8 players complained of stomach ache after taking lunch at the ground. When contacted, Bhopal Divisional Cricket Assoociation (BDCA) authorities refused to comment.Howevver, on the condition of anonymity, a BDCA office-bearer admitted that the Hoshangabad division left the match midway after their players complained of illness.Sources said, \"The players and coach of Hoshangabad team alleged that stomach pain began after they had lunch provided by BDCA organisers. They said they were deliberately served bad food to ensure Bhopal's win. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17538975", "title": "Rs 4.5L jewellery, cash stolen at wedding venue", "text": "GURGAON: Thieves took off with a bag containing jewellery and cash worth Rs 4.5 lakh from a wedding venue at the 32 Milestone hotel on Friday night. A case in this regard has been lodged with the Civil Lines police station.In his complaint, Vikram Singh, a resident of Sector 4, told the police that he was carrying a bag, containing Rs 2 lakh in cash and jewellery worth Rs 2.5 lakh while attending the function on Friday night. As he mingled with the guests, Singh had kept the bag on a table in the venue. A while later, when he looked for the bag to give the cash and jewellery as gifts to the newly-wed, he found that it was missing.Following this, there was a commotion at the venue as everyone looked for the missing bag. When it was not found, the police was informed. ASI Shobha Ram and her team visited the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17539110", "title": "Prank, death invoke grief and rage", "text": "MANGALORE: There's palpable anger on social networking sites over the Biggest Royal Prank that claimed the life of Jacintha Saldanha. Mangalorean Jacintha was the victim of a prank played by RJs of Sydney's 2Day FM station who called the hospital pretending to be Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles, father of Prince William whose pregnant wife Catherine was being treated at the hospital.While Tia Maria Smith on Facebook described the death as, \"A prank dat went wrong, because these stupid DJs were mocking our Queen and monarchy...,\" Terry Dwyer observed, \"I think you'll find most Australians hold Her Majesty in the highest regard, but we don't go in for a lot of pomp nor do we take ourselves seriously. I agree the prank was in bad taste, but it was a bit of fun! No one expected it to end like this...\"Tia, Dan Shariat, Maree Samuel all found the death tragic. \"My deepest sympathies. I am appalled and deeply saddened by the loss of Jacinta's life. R.I.P.,\" posted Maree. Tia adds: \"I can't believe these stupid DJs have set up a page on facebook to justify wot they have done and called it depression...who r they to judge her now, they r the cause.......Jesus, they need punishing, as they have no remorse for wot they have done to this poor lady. R.I.P.\"\"Public humiliation is a known trigger for suicide - the radio station/DJs knew full well what effect transmitting this would likely have on a private individual, suddenly exposed to global media ridicule, especially to conscientious nurse who has taken oath of patient confidentiality -- but they did it anyway for commercial gain. If she hadn't died then likely she would have suffered shame, criticism at work and internet abuse for long time,\" said Dan ShariatYvette Fowler Terry said, \"It's not as easy as \"it was a bit of fun\". I don't think anyone saw her taking her life, but as soon as I heard about the prank call - I thought \"there goes that poor woman's job\". RJs have no right to use hard working people going about their daily business, as a skit for their listeners own amusement. She may/may not have suffered from depression - that's beside the point. They have no right putting jobs of everyday people at risk.\"Putting the issue into perspective, Tony King avers, \"Mate there is no winner in this one but as I said I would be blaming the lack of Protocols by both the Hospital and Royal Families on letting these two \"Idiots\" get thru to her, anyway what ever happened to Patient Confidentiality?\" Yvonne Handford pushes the debate further stating, \"I would have thought stealing someone's identity would be a criminal offence especially the Queen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17540412", "title": "Meet puts forth plan to preserve Konkani", "text": "MANGALORE: A two-day conference of 46 leaders from various districts of Kerala, including Kasargod, assembled under the aegis of Jagotik Konknni Songhotton (JKS) here recently discussed various issues affecting Konkani language and Konkani-speaking people in Kerala.The prime resolution adopted at the conference was to take a resolve to preserve Konkani language and cultural identity.The conference, while expressing happiness over setting up Kerala Konkani Academy by the government there, placed on record its displeasure that the government has been partial to one community by appointing chairman, vice-chairman and secretary and 14 members from one community, while unjustly appointing only two members from the majority Kudmi community. The conference demanded that this partiality be remedied and parity restored.The conference also resolved to request the Kerala government to introduce forthwith Konkani in the school curriculum, and while doing so, to use Malayalam script and not Devanagari script, as advocated by the economically powerful minority community.The dialect to be used should also be that of the majority Konkani community, as it will be the children belonging to this community who will learn Konkani in government and government-aided schools.The conference also requested JKS to help, guide and assist in printing, publishing and popularizing Konkani in the Malayalam script.JKS was urged to conduct Konkani awareness campaigns in Kerala, establish Konkani organizations, especially north of Kozhikode. The resolutions will be forwarded to the authorities concerned and JKS will do everything in its power to impress upon the Kerala government to act immediately on the issues raised.On future plans, a meeting has been convened in Kumble on March 3, 2013, to establish the Kerala Konkani Songhotton in Kasargod.Conference on March 10'Dev-student Konknni', JKS in association with Konkani Rakann Sanchalan - Chikmagalur and Hassan, is organizing a one-day conference on March 10 at the Catholic Club, Chikmagalur, to discuss in detail the issue of 'Konkani in Liturgy' and chalk out an action plan, Eric Ozario, secretary general of JKS said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17541141", "title": "SBI ATM blasted in loot bid Pics: Arvind Sharma", "text": "JAIPUR: In a daring move, unknown robbers used explosives to blast an ATM located in Vishwakarma Industrial area Road No. 2 under Murlipura police station area with an aim to loot it early on Saturday. Though the ATM was partially damaged after the explosives went off but the safe of the ATM remained intact.It may be recalled that ATM robbers in the past had done various things, including towing away an ATM from New Sanganer road locality and cutting it with iron cutters.\"The incident took place during early hours when unknown robbers barged into the ATM of the State Bank of India. They pasted a tape on the camera of the ATM booth and later planted some explosives to blast it. It was done to decamp with the cash case after the blast. The ATM was partially damaged but its safe where the cash is kept remained intact even after the blast,\" a senior officer of Murlipura police station said.After realizing that the safe remained intact even after the blast the robbers flee in a car.\"We have asked the bank authorities to provide the CCTV footage to find out if anything concrete was recorded . The preliminary investigation suggested that Rs 2 lakh was stocked in the ATM and the currency was intact,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540826", "title": "Scorpion king helps drown cricket woes", "text": "KOLKATA: Cricket proved party-pooper at the Eden Gardens but the city got a 'scorpion' kick out of soccer at the Yuvabharati Krirangan on Super Saturday.Former Colombian goalkeeper Rene Higuita and Brazilian legends like Dunga, Bebeto , Aldair and Juninho created magic moments of soccer frenzy that Kolkata has always been famous for, helping the city drown sorrows of the debacle at the Eden Gardens.The disappointment of not being able to witness a Sachin Tendulkar special in a back-to-the-wall moment was partially wiped out by the sight of the Selecao romping about the Yuvabharati pitch, rustier and slower with age but still the wizards of the past with the ball. The biggest roar, though, was reserved for Higuita, who arrived on the pitch several minutes into the second half of the exhibition match between IFA All Stars and Brazil Masters.Soon, the maverick goalkeeper who turned out for IFA XI, would turn the clock back. The man with the long locks, whose acrobatic saves made him a household in the Nineties, looked just as energetic.The Brazilians, however, were weaving samba magic on the field then. But the moment of the match came when Higuita made that one acrobatic save that would make Kolkata's day. With the scoreline reading 3-0 for Brazil, a lofted volley sailed towards the IFA net. The crowd held its breath in anticipation as Higuita curled up on the goalline, intensely watching the ball. It swerved and dipped as it cruised towards the net. But before the ball could land, Higuita had lifted his legs and blocked it behind his head.The \"scorpion kick\", made famous by him, had sent the ball pounding away. Kolkata roared in approval. \"This is just as marvellous as the dazzling Brazilian display. I had watched it on video but it was thrilling to see it on the ground,\" said Debayan Ghosh, a youngster who plays football .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17541384", "title": "Try the sadhya at grandmother\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s home", "text": "Grandma's home. That's what comes to your mind when you step into the dimly-lit restaurant. The low wooden roof and the cane and wood furniture in shades of rosewood... all welcome you to the memories of the house you spent your childhood in, back in Kerala.As you make yourself cosy on a chair, comes the menu with names you are so familiar with. For non-veg freaks, there's an ocean of Kerala delicacies to choose from, including meen (fish) vattichathu, Malabar meen curry, chemmeen (prawn) ularthiyathu, duck roast, karimeen pollichathu, fish moilee, koonthal (squid) ularthiyathu and crab chilly fry. However, karimeen pollichathu is their signature dish. The restaurant is named after the backwaters of Kumarakom , from where they get these special pearl spot fish. Though the naadan (typical of Kerala) fare for vegetarians is less, every order is worth it. \"The menu and ambience work the magic for all those who yearn for the flavours of authentic Kerala food here in Bangalore,\" says Rinu Thomas, technical manager with a US-based telecom company.For a weekend lunch, it would be wise to go for the Mini Sadhya \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with three pickles, avial, pachadi , thoran, parippu, pappadam, sambar, pulisseri, rasam and two payasams. And, if you wanted to try out the special desserts like jackfruit with coconut and water, ela ada or pazham pori, you will regret having opted for the sadhya, for you'll have to wait till all that settles down.\"The accompaniments of avial, kaalan, ada payasam with the sadhya remind us of our favourite meals back home,\" adds Rinu. If the interiors didn't evoke any nostalgia, the inji curry (ginger pickle) with tamarind and jaggery in just the right proportion, will definitely do so. For, it doesn't deviate much from grandma's recipe.\"Most of our customers say our food is homely. All the recipes are my mom's . She trains the chefs too. The challenge is in constantly monitoring them so the taste doesn't change with an extra pinch of any ingredient,\" says Sharu Jose, owner of Kumarakom.\"The fluffy appams and mutton stew, the steaming hot rice and duck roast are some dishes that made me a regular customer,\" says John Tharian, a sales professional . \"The ambience takes me to the days I spent with my grandparents,\" he adds.So, what's the secret behind the homely taste? \"We don't use any readymade masalas. All are freshly made and most of the dishes at the restaurant are made after the customer places the order. We don't pre-cook any dishes except the meen vattichathu which tastes better when prepared the previous day,\" adds Sharu.There's a touch of Kerala in all their varieties, including the evening specials of appam, kallappam, thattu dosa, puttu, porotta and kappa (tapioca). Those not so keen on these needn't fret. They have enough North Indian specials, Chinese, tandoori varieties and kebabs to choose from.Cooking is definitely not rocket science. \"But kai punyam (the blessed hands), as we say in Malayalam, can make the food unique,\" adds Sharu with pride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17544588", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa challenges Jagadish Shettar to dissolve assembly", "text": "BANGALORE: Giving chief minister, Jagadish Shettar, the jitters and leaving no option with the BJP but to take action against the rebels for backing former CM BS Yeddyurappa to the hilt, the latter took charge of the Karnataka Janata Party(KJP) at a well-attended function in Haveri, 330km from Bangalore, on Sunday.In his 25 minute speech, Yeddyurappa, who was harping on his achievements as CM, breathed fire, when the message was given to him that Shettar had announced of taking action against legislators who were sharing the dais with him. In a raised voice, Yeddyurappa challenged Shettar to dissolve the house if he had the guts.\"You have lost the majority. I made my ministers in Sadananda Gowda's cabinet resign so that Shettar could succeed him and now he is recommending to the BJP central leadership to take action against my loyalist legislators? We don't want the Shettar government,\" he said to a thundering applause from the audience.The overwhelming response to Yeddyurappa's rally in the small town of Haveri has made the BJP leadership to wake up to the looming crisis of its government. The warning signals, it sent on Saturday by suspending Tumkur MP, GS Basavaraj and sacking cooperation minister, BJ Puttaswamy, did not deter ministers and legislators from attending the event.At a breakfast meeting hosted by Yeddyurappa on Sunday, 21 legislators including seven ministers were present. It is learnt the ministers offered to resign from the cabinet, but were asked to wait by Yeddyurappa.Shettar who was in Dharwad, virtually next door to Haveri, to inaugurate developmental programmes said \"the central leadership would be consulted on taking action against the rebel legislators.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17544379", "title": "Shruti Haasan to join the sets of Yevadu", "text": "Shruti Haasan, who is currently shooting for her Bollywood film Ramaiya Vastavaiya directed by Prabhu Deva, would soon join the sets of Ram Charan-starrer Yevadu. Shruti has been a replacement after Samantha was ousted from the project due to creative differences.Yevadu's new schedule will commence from January 4 and director Vamsi Paidipally will film scenes on Ram Charan and Shruti Haasan in this schedule. Apparently, the scenes which were earlier shot on Samantha, have to be reshoot again. Amy Jackson is playing the second lead while Allu Arjun and Kajal Aggarwal will be seen in important roles. Devi Sri Prasad is scoring the music for the film produced by Dil Raju.Shruti is also working for another Telugu film Balupu, starring Ravi Teja and Adivi Sesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543306", "title": "Yash and Raj Entertainment joins Bhojpuri industry", "text": "A new production company ' Yash and Raj Entertainment' has come forward to join hands with the Bhojpuri film industry. The film has ventured into the industry to make some big budget movies. They are coming up with a film titled, 'Thok Deb'.J Neelam and Narendra Kaur Simran are the producers of the film. The film will be directed by Ajay Kumar .Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538879", "title": "International laws can resolve may issues: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh will be globally recognised because of this international conference, said chief minister Akhilesh Yadav while inaugurating the 13th International Conference of Chief Justices of the world on Saturday at City Montessori School, Kanpur Road.The chief justices, judges and legal luminaries from 60 countries are taking part in the international conference. They along with CMS students participated in the world unity march for ensuring a safe future of world's 2.4 billion children. The chief justices, judges and legal luminaries called for the formation of an enforceable international legal system for eradicating international terrorism and safeguarding the future of children.Speaking on the occasion, CM Akhilesh Yadav said that being a member of United Nations , India has always tried to create a peaceful atmosphere in the world. India has been encouraging international organisations since beginning. \"The conference can increase the unity among countries. It will not only benefit the society and country, but also be helpful in global recognition of Uttar Pradesh,\" he said and added that an enforceable international law can solve various internal problems of different countries peacefully.Uttar Pradesh Vidhan Sabha speaker, Mata Prasad Pandey said, \"Samajwadi Party's ideologue, Ram Manohar Lohia had also said that for world peace, it is necessary to enforce an international law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "angul", "code": "17538639", "title": "Online crime trackers for Angul police stations", "text": "ANGUL: All 23 police stations in Angul will go online by December 25 with the Crime Criminal Tracking Network and Systems (CCTNS) project being implemented in the district on a pilot basis. This central project is being undertaken to create a national database of crime and criminals for easy sharing of information across all police stations.\"The CCTNS will be used to investigate crime, track criminals, verify passports, record complaints of people and fingerprints of criminals. This will help in the detection of culprits as well as control crime,\" said SP (Angul) Nrusingha Bhola, adding that with this system in place people can file complaints online instead of going to the police station.As many as 784 police in 23 police stations are being trained in the CCTNS software. In first phase, 181 police personnel, including 20 inspectors, 41 sub-inspectors and 141 assistant sub-inspectors have already received the training. \"The policemen are being trained in Core Application Software (CAS) and some other software options besides being trained in online FIR, general diary, etc,\" the SP said.The BSNL is laying cables to connect all police stations in the district through virtual private network (VPN). In first phase, 10 computers will be provided to the district police headquarters and office of the North Central Range at Talcher, four computers to each police station and three to the SDPO's office. All these offices will be connected through the VPN network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539626", "title": "Dengue victim's daughter continues to battle for life", "text": "MUMBAI: The four-year-old dengue patient, Tasneem Jafri, who lost her father to the same disease a few days ago, continues to be critical and has been put on ventilator support, said civic-run Nair Hospital officials on Saturday.While her father, Tariq (32), succumbed to complications last Wednesday, her mother, Shakila, who too is affected by dengue, is stable. Tariq became the fourth dengue victim in the city this year.\"The mother is better, but we will observe her for a few days before saying she is out of danger,\" said hospital dean M K Sanjana. \"The daughter is, however, critical as her liver has failed,\" he added. Hospital sources said the next couple of days are crucial for the girl.The family, residents of Malwani, was admitted to Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital after treatment at a local hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539877", "title": "Govt plans tough laws on crime against women", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking serious note of rise in sexual crime against women in Mumbai and the rest of the state, the state's women and child development (W&CD;) department has demanded a review of existing laws to introduce stronger deterrents.Last month, a CID report found a 15% increase in incidents of sexual harassment, rape and molestation in 2011. Department minister Varsha Gaikwad told TOI on Saturday that she sought a meeting with home minister R R Patil and senior home department officials.The government has also decided to appoint a committee of experts and legislators to evaluate the need for a separate legislation to prohibit eve-teasing and sexual harassment.Women rights activists have been arguing that the existing sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) meant to protect women against such crimes lack teeth. On Saturday, activists of the city-based NGO Help Mumbai Foundation (HMF) submitted a private bill in this context and requested Gaikwad to adopt and place it before the state assembly. Sana Sayed, director, HMF, said only Orissa and Andhra Pradesh have enacted such legislations. Citing a November 30 Supreme Court verdict which commented on lack of uniform law to check such crimes, Sayed said existing provisions, under IPC sections 354 (assault or using criminal force with intent to outrage a woman's modesty), 506 and 509 (word, gesture or act meant to insult modesty of a woman), were bailable. The draft bill recommends such offences be treated a cognisable and non-bailable and advocates stringent punishment for offenders .Announcing appointnent of a committee to evaluate contents of the bill, Gaikwad said, \"We (the W&CD; department) are concerned about the rise in sexual crimes. But while I believe stringent laws need to be enacted, any legislation, when drafted, has to be holistic and foolproof against misuse,\" she said, adding any decision on the bill will be based on the committee report. The draft bill also highlights high pendency of molestation cases (27,787) and sexual harassment (8,436).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540926", "title": "Artefacts go missing", "text": "HYDERABAD: Officials of State Archaeology approached Golconda police to inform about the missing artefacts from Shamsheer Kota, which is in the vicinity of Kazana museum on Saturday.But Golconda police directed the Archeology officials to first confirm that articles are missing, before officially lodging a police complaint. \"We use Shamsheer Kota to store damaged artefacts which are not worth to put for display. But on Friday it was observed the someone came into the premises and forcefully entered the store room and fled with some articles . We are not yet sure of how many articles went missing, but and internal inquiry is being taken up,'' a senior Archeology official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539876", "title": "Lively sessions give insights into the craft of writing", "text": "There were two stars on Day 2 of the Bangalore Literature festival. One was, beyond doubt, poet-lyricist Gulzar who, before being whisked off after his morning session to a collective sigh of disappointment, charmed every soul present at the venue with his poetry -- read aloud in his familiar warm, raspy tone -- and sharp but gentle wit. The other was sports journalist Boria Majumdar, who was responsible for moderating one of those sessions that enliven lucky litfests - sessions during which members of the audience frantically text their friends saying 'come fast, this session just got interesting'.During his session 'Playing the write game', Majumdar managed to make almost everyone in the audience - and certainly all his co-panelists - shift a little uncomfortably in their seats at some point or other. At one point, he asked sports writer Vedam Jaishankar, Rahul Dravid's official biographer, why Indian sports biographies don't include details of \"womanizing\" ways, at another he turned to Ashwini Nachappa and asked her in the best fulminating studio anchor style if she did dope.If the other sessions couldn't quite match the scintillating back-and-forthing of the one on cricket writing, they more than made up in solid content and animated discussions on politics, fiction and the craft of writing. Particularly interesting to the politically inclined was the pre-lunch session with Tavleen Singh, Mayawati's biographer Ajoy Bose, film writer Bhawana Somaaya and Vikram Sampath.The discussion touched upon the challenges biographers encounter while attempting to chronicle famous lives, with Ajoy Bose admitting that most of the time, their subjects don't reveal their \"innermost thoughts\" - they mostly dole out what can be called \"publicity material\". Singh, who is reported to have remarkable access to the Gandhi family - to the extent that many people thought her book Durbar is a biography of Sonia Gandhi -- said during the discussion that \"the most dangerous thing that's happened to India is that political parties have become family firms. It's important that political parties be more democratic\".One of the indisputable stars of BLF is Sri Lankan author Shehan Karunatilaka, whose book Chinaman won both the 2012 Commonwealth Book Prize and this year's DSC Prize for South Asian literature. Karunatilaka took part in the cricket session, and was heard quipping: \"I've doped, but then I'm only a writer\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17540872", "title": "PIMS remains in darkness for third day", "text": "JALANDHAR: Power supply to the first tertiary centre medical college of Doaba region remained snapped on the third day after it was disconnected by Powercom on Thursday. PIMS Medical and Education Charitable Society headed by rural development minister Surjit Singh Rakhra failed to clear even a part of the pending bill of Rs 55 lakhs till Saturday evening.The necessary power supply to parts of the institute is being supplied through generators. The management has also failed to resolve the issue of salaries of the staff except partial clearance of salaries of housekeeping staff, who resorted to scattering medical waste and garbage in the institute on Friday.Meanwhile, it is learnt that tension has also started simmering within the society members after resident director Rajshekhar was reported in a section of vernacular media blaming Rakhra, his brothers and NRI Dhesi family for not paying their share as per the commitments. Sources revealed that after this issue has spilled over in public domain, Rakhra and Dhesis have taken umbrage to Rajshekhar's reported utterances.However, in a SMSe reply to TOI query, Rajshekhar denied on Saturday that he made any such statement blaming Rakhras or Dhesis for the financial mess. The MBBS students also stayed away from classes and it is learnt that the students living in hostels were told by the institute authorities to leave if they were not to attend the classes. These students have been complaining about poor quality of food and a team of health department led by distreict health officer Dr Ashwani Sondhi had found sanitation flaws in the kitchen of the canteen.Meanwhile, on the initiative of police a meeting was held in which representatives of PIMS administration, housekeeping staff and the company managing them, and it was promised that their salary for one more month would be paid by next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17545206", "title": "Hilary Duff doing yoga to shed baby weight", "text": "Hilary Duff , who has been battling to get back to her pre-pregnancy best since giving birth to her first son Luca back in March, was spotted heading into a yoga class in Los Angeles on Saturday.The 25-year-old has certainly made great strides in shedding those extra pounds in the last few months.Fitness fanatic Duff has been regularly taking part in Pilates classes, and seems to be taking her regime to a new level by studying yoga, the Daily Mail reported.Her hard work at the gym has been bearing fruit, with the actress recently taking to her Twitter account to boast she can squeeze herself back into her old 26 inch waist trousers.She tweeted to her trainer: \"Yaaaa b*****! @gabejohns your kickin my ass and its paying off! Skinny jeans! LETS GO!\"She has also been eating healthy foods to aid her weight loss , and shared a photo of her morning wake up call - a green juice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17539827", "title": "Sopanam to celebrate Tagore's 150th birth anniversary", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Sopanam Institute of Performing Arts and Research will stage popular plays of Rabindranath Tagore-- Raja, Muktadhara and Natir Puja-- from Tuesday at Vivekananda Hall to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of the Nobel laureate. Actor Madhu will inaugurate the four-day celebrations at 5pm on Tuesday.A discussion on the plays will be held at 4pm on all days which will be followed by the staging of the play at 5.30pm. Apart from the plays, the Sopanam theatre group will also present a poetical visual, 'Antharyami', based on Tagore's poems. The 50-minute adaptation will be a one man show by V Girishan, a member of Sopanam.\"Tagore has not been given the importance he deserves by the contemporary theatre and theatre institutes. We have tried to analyze the deeper philosophical themes of his plays. We have also tried to relate Tagore's plays with current social issues,\" said Kavalam Narayana Panicker, the translator and director of the plays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17540308", "title": "Man duped of Rs 1 lakh in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police registered a case of cheating against a city-based tour and travel company which fleeced Rs 1 lakh from a man.The complainant paid the amount to book two tickets from Sydney to Delhi but the accused neither booked them nor returned the money. The victim was identified as Ashok Kamaria, of Sector 21. Kamaria filed a complaint against Sector 34-based Indigo Canadian company. \"I had paid Rs 1,06,000 to the company and had requested them to book two tickets from Sydney to Delhi.The payment was made through cheque and the amount was debited from my account. They said the tickets were confirmed and they would deliver them in sometime,\" said Kamaria. He added, \"But later they said there was some technical problem in booking.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "17540956", "title": "Errant doctor under fire again", "text": "HOWRAH: Prabir Ghosh, the doctor who was transferred twice from government hospitals allegedly for being drunk on duty, is under fire again. This time, he has been accused of medical negligence leading to the death of a patient.Panchanan Acharya fell ill while his family was taking him out of Howrah district hospital on Friday evening after Ghosh discharged him. Acharya was taken back to the hospital for treatment, but died after two hours.Following his death, the patient's family barged into the office of hospital superintendent Subhrangshu Chakraborty and alleged medical negligence on Ghosh's part. They also broke the glass pane on Chakraborty's desk.Ghosh later explained to hospital authorities that he discharged Acharya after a Group D employee, Samir Ghosh, in the office of Howrah chief medical health officer (CMOH) advised him to do so and told him that the patient's family wanted to take Acharya to Medical College Hospital, Calcutta (MCHC) for treatment.The doctor is said to have told Chakraborty that he wrote the discharge order because he had good faith in Samir, known to be close to the patient's family.Chakraborty said, \"A doctor cannot discharge a patient on the basis of good faith in someone else's advice. If he indeed did so, it was grossly wrong on his part.\" The superintendent has set up a three-member committee of doctors to probe allegations leveled against Ghosh by Acharya's family. The panel consisting of Amalendu Mondal, Jagannath Mukherjee and Balaram Sarkar - all doctors of the hospital - has asked to submit the probe report \"as soon as possible.\"The three on the committee are doctors Amalendu Mondal, Jagannath Mukherjee and Balaram Sarkar, all doctors of the hospital.The report will be sent to the Howrah CMOH and the state director of health services (DHS). Chakraborty said autopsy on Acharya's body will be conducted at the MCHC and not at Howrah hospital to ensure the findings were unbiased.On November 6 last year, the same doctor was suspended from Baghajatin State General Hospital after patients at its emergency ward accused Ghosh of treating them while he himself was in an inebriated state. Ghosh had admitted he was drunk on duty and said he was in that state to overcome frustration and severe joint pain. He was transferred to B.N. Bose Hospital in Barrackpore where he was again hauled up for the same offence on May 20 last year. He was then transferred to Howrah district hospital.Ghosh admitted 32-year-old Acharya of Howrah Belgachia in the hospital on Thursday after the patient complained of urological problems. The doctor wrote Acharya's discharge order 24 hours later on hearing about the patient's family's desire from Samir Ghosh, a Group D employee in the Howrah CMOH's office. Acharya's family was taking him out on Friday evening when he fell ill at the hospital stairs and died about two hours later.His family barged into the super's office late on Friday when Chakraborty was still there. Apart from screaming at the super in protest against alleged medical negligence by Ghosh, they also broke the glass pane on his desk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17539265", "title": "Clash averted between UP, Haryana farmers", "text": "SONIPAT: An ongoing dispute over possession of agricultural land between two villages, one in Haryana and the other in Uttar Pradesh, threatened to turn violent on Friday. The tension, however, was eased after timely intervention by police and revenue officials from the two states, who have now decided to hold a joint meeting on December 12 to settle the dispute.Tension had been brewing between farmers of Jajal village in Sonipat and Nivada village of Baghpat district in Uttar Pradesh for the past three days over possession of agricultural land along Yamuna river.The farmers of Jalal village alleged that they had completed wheat sowing in around 100 acres of land adjoining Yamuna river falling within the revenue boundary of the village. On Wednesday, farmers from Nivada, carrying firearms, ploughed the fields to take possession of the land. The situation worsened on Thursday when Nivada farmers again did the same thing.The affected farmers were planning to retaliate when Sonipat district administration got information and rushed to mediate between the two groups. While some youths from Jalal wanted to hit back, farmers instead informed the SDM and police authorities about the matter.After receiving information about face-off, Sonepat SDM Jag Niwas and DSP Rakam Singh along with tehsildar Naresh, SHO Sultan Singh and police personnel reached the spot while SDM of Baghpat in UP arrived to discuss the issue. Sonipat SDM said the two groups have decided to hold a meeting on December 12 to resolve the dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539661", "title": "Money for lab funds CCTV cams, laptops", "text": "MUMBAI: Colleges believe keeping a watch on students or teachers through closed-circuit television (CCTV) cameras is more important than conducting research. So much so that the funds offered to enhance quality of teaching and research activities by the Centre under a University Grants Commission (UGC) scheme are being used for buying non-academic items like CCTVs and laptops.The UGC western region last month issued a general circular to all the universities under its purview and their affiliated colleges, who are receiving additional assistance from the Centre under Section 12 (B) of the UGC Act, 1956. The circular forwarded to all colleges by the Mumbai University on November 27 states the \"UGC has observed that some of the colleges are buying large number of laptops and CCTV cameras. The aim of the scheme is to buy academic and research equipment to enhance the quality of teaching and research activities in the colleges\".It also goes on to mention that the \"purchase of CCTV cameras and laptops is allowed in limited number on the basis of need and justification for the computer lab or wherever required for teaching purpose\". Around 5,500 colleges in the country are eligible for receiving the grants under the Section 12 (B), which allows for funding to strengthen teaching and learning process in universities and colleges. Equipment like generator, inverter, laboratory apparatus, smart board, refrigerator, audio-visual devices, computer and accessories, software, LCD etc can be purchased under the section.According to G Srinivas, joint secretary, western region, UGC, laptops and CCTVs are allowed if colleges are able to justify the purpose of the purchase. \"The financial assistance is given for academic development of the college. It can be used for anything like research equipment or even a computer. The guidelines are clearly mentioned to the colleges when they are given the sanction letters. But colleges have been using it for non-academic purposes,\" said Srinivas. He added that it becomes difficult for the UGC to then claim a refund. Things like CCTVs or laptops can be purchased from the management's fund, he said. Though names of colleges have not been mentioned in the circular, there are some institutes affiliated to the Mumbai University too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17540341", "title": "Weddings galore on 'auspicious days'", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city has gone into a celebration mode as more than 100 marriages were solemnized on Saturday.All the marriages palaces have been booked even for Sunday as astrologers have marked this period as the most auspicious period to tie the knot. \"We have bookings for more than 100 marriages on Saturday. Almost an equal number of bookings have been done for Sunday, when the number of Sikh marriages is higher\", said Rahul Kumar, the owner of a wedding boutique at College Road.Wedding planners too are having a field day, with an unusually high number of marriages being solemnized this weekend.Amarjeet Singh aka Sant, chairman of the Punjab Marriage palaces and Resorts who is also president of Ludhiana Marriage Palaces and Resorts, says \"There has been an unusual rush of Hindu marriages on December 7 and 8, which were given as the most auspicious dates by the astrologers around this period. After that there will hardly be any marriages in the following weeks, he said. According to him there are over 80 marriage palaces in the city and most of them are occupied. \"The marriage season is usually for about 35 days in a year and it is during this period that the marriage palaces and resorts do brisk business.Ajit Kumar, whose daughter Vandana got married on Saturday, said after consulting astrologers they zeroed in on today's date, which they were told was the most auspicious period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "karimnagar", "code": "17543180", "title": "15-year-old girl commits suicide after harassment by teacher", "text": "KARIMNAGAR: A teenaged girl committed suicide after being allegedly harassed by her school teacher here, police said on Sunday.The 15-year-old girl, studying in class ninth at Zila Parishad High School at Perkapalli village here, was disturbed after her Hindi teacher - Laxmanaswamy - allegedly passed comments on her looks following which she killed herself at her home in Gollagudem village near here on Friday, Saidapur police sub-inspector Ramakrishna said.Based on a complaint filed by her parents yesterday, police registered a case of abetment to suicide against the teacher.However, talking to media, Laxmanaswamy denied the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17540053", "title": "IMA\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s cap-flinging tradition bites dust", "text": "NEW DELHI: The age-old practice of flinging the cap in the air by general cadets (GCs) after becoming commissioned officers (COs) during the passing out parade (POP) at the Indian Military Academy (IMA) is a thing of the past.The reason? The hologram on the cap while being tossed up touches the ground, which, according to the insiders, is an insult to the Army.In deference to the cap's honour, the latest batch of 615 GCs, who passed out of the Academy in Dehradun on Saturday, didn't toss their caps in air\u00e2\u20ac\u201da tradition that has roots in the British era birth of the prestigious institution.Army chief General Bikram Singh reviewed the colourful passing out parade of the cadets that culminates with them becoming COs.This is a decision has been greeted with mixed reactions in the armed forces, but no one is pushing to bring back the old practice. \"There is no effort from the Indian Army to initiate this practice again,\" said a source. More than 600 GCs pass out every six months from the IMA, and the passing out parade takes place on a second Saturday in June and December.And, this Saturday was one such day when the parade took place, but when it was time for the GCs to rejoice on becoming COs (lieutenant), they all started doing push ups instead of hurling their caps in air.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17545025", "title": "NTR and Ram Charan's bonding time in RFC", "text": "When it comes to talking about Mega heroes and Nandamuri heroes together, it is always something sensation. As these two groups are considered the most rival, any small moment that brings them on single frame is a multi million moments.According to grapevine, Mega Powerstar Ramcharan and young tiger NTR are said to be bonding big time. This is happening at the world famous film production place, Ramoji Film City. In fact, shooting of Charan's 'Naayak' and NTR's 'Baadshah' are taking place at RFC right now. Both the heroes are busy sweating for some action scenes. And the rapport between Charan and NTR is known to us. There is another person who happens to be their common friend and loved by both the heroes whole heartedly. He is V V Vinayak, who happens to share a brotherly association with NTR, while he is close to mega family and currently the director of 'Naayak'. Sources revealed that during lunch time, these three have had a gala time in Film City.On the other hand, Charan is also gearing up for the audio release function of his 'Naayak' on December 15th, at People's Plaza in Necklace Road. We might not get surprised, if he invites Jr NTR as a chief guest for the audio launch!!!Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17540350", "title": "He escaped from militants' custody to find himself jobless", "text": "KOCHI: The last couple of years in his real life had been more dramatic than the roles Biju Kolaraveettil had once enacted as a professional actor in playhouses of Kozhikode.He had escaped from the custody of Abu Sayyaf, a militant group in Philippines , after 14 months in captivity in August, only to find that he had lost his job in Kuwait.\"After escaping from the militant camp, I had contacted Dong Jin Kang, managing director of Batee Design, a garment printing company I was working with. I wanted to know when I could return to the job as regional marketing manager but he didn't give a straight answer; he told me to wait till the end of September but he never picked my calls or responded to my emails,\" said Kolaraveettil who had spent a decade with the group of companies in different positions.His brother Shybu had cancelled his own visa for a job in Kuwait , trying for Kolaraveettil's release, and this has left the nine-member family with no means of sustenance.During his 10-year stint with Batee Design, Kolaraveettil had helped the company set up shops in seven US army camps in Iraq. Starting off as a photo printer at a colour lab, he rose to the position of regional marketing manager looking after the firm's operations in Kuwait, Iraq and Afghanistan .Kolaraveettil was abducted by Abu Sayyaf in June 2011, while on a visit to his wife Elena's ancestral home in Sulu province of Philippines. She was a cashier at an oriental food restaurant at the US military base in Kuwait, where Batee Design was supplying printed T-shirts to soldiers. The couple - who got married at the Arya Samaj Mandir, Kozhikode in 2004 - have two children aged five and seven now.The emails TOI sent to Kang seeking his version have not yet been answered while repeated calls to his personal cell numbers were also not attended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542502", "title": "Lisa Ray inaugurates special edition watch", "text": "The ravishing model-turned-actress Lisa Ray who was in the city recently, inaugurated a special edition watch as Rado celebrated the 50th anniversary of the legendary Rado DiaStar at Zimson, UB City Mall.  Lisa, who is also Rado's brand ambassador, unveiled the special edition watch the Rado DiaStar Anniversary Edition which is offered in a limited and numbered edition of 1,962 pieces. The significance of 1,962 can be gleaned from the fact that the brand's launch year was 1962. The Rado DiaStar Anniversary Edition is made of hard metal and sapphire crystal. The special edition pays tribute to the power of a visionary idea and to the courage it required to make it real, given that their efforts were pioneering, with many firsts in design and use of material science. What has established the brand's reputation in terms of durability and iconic design since 1962 are its use of hard metal, high-tech ceramic, high-tech diamond and Ceramos, besides its striking design. This limited edition timepiece comes with an add-on of a pair of cufflinks with an integrated Rado signature moving anchor symbol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17540779", "title": "Mafia move shocks district admn", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The aggressive manner in which goons thwarted district collector K V Mohan Kumar's bid to stop smuggling of sand from Kadalundi river reflects meticulous planning and multi-layer escort mechanism that insulates the sand mafia from rule of law.Though the collector and his team escaped unhurt, the incident has left the district administration shell-shocked. That Mohan Kumar decided to carry out the raid with a team of confidantes itself shows the lack of trust in the system.The decision to launch a highly classified operation was taken at a late night meeting on Friday.\"We decided to conduct a pre- dawn raid at three illegal sand mining areas. Three squads were formed comprising revenue official and armed reserve police,\" he said. Private cars were hired from Feroke, Mukkom and Beypore areas. But they were all driven by collectorate staff.Explaining the modus operandi of mafia, Mohan Kumar told TOI that they saw a person on a bike, wearing a monkey cap first emerging from the Karuvanthuruthi road.\"He inspected the scene and signalled the tipper crew. Soon a tipper lorry laden with sand taken from Kadalundi river entered the road. We tried to intercept it but the motorcyclist returned and obstructed our vehicle. This helped the tipper crew to speed away,'' he said.The tipper entered a narrow road taking a quick right turn. We continued our chase. But our effort to overtake it failed when its driver braked suddenly and emptied sand on our vehicle. The road was also blocked.\"Though we took another route to reach Cheruvannur road a group of three bikers, all wearing monkey caps, attempted to block us at Cheruvannur,\" he said.\"By following a tipper lorry we were trying to block the vehicle and nab the driver and seize the vehicle,\" Mohan Kumar said. Though we continued our raid even after this second attack, the culprits managed to escape from the spot, he said.Reacting to the incident, home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan told TOI that stringent action will be taken against the culprits. \"We have also issued directions to launch a crackdown on the sand mafia across the state following the incident,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542206", "title": "Being honest to the audience always helps: Meghnad", "text": "Renowned theatre personality Meghnad Bhattacharya, who has worked with legends like Utpal Dutta, was recently in Vadodara to perform in two full-length plays- 'Pinki Buli' and 'Gyan Briksher Fol'. Talking about the theatre scenario today, he said, \"There are times when modern directors give too much importance to things like design rather than the subject, and that is an area of concern. Not everyone communicates well with the audience. I hate it if directors say that a certain play isn't meant to be understood by everyone. That excuse makes no sense and is an attempt to hide one's own shortcomings! Arre, if people in our country can understand The Mahabharata, which is such a complex epic, toh plays kya cheez hai? It all depends on how well you can communicate with the audience. That's why everyone loves Charlie Chaplin's films even today, isn't it? Simplicity and being honest to the audience always helps.\"Talking about the satisfaction that doing theatre gives him, Bhattacharya elaborates, \"Apart from numerous awards, I have even received honorary citizenship outside India. But the best rewards have come from elsewhere-the audiences. Be it a teary-eyed taxi driver wanting to hand over his entire day's income, an old lady offering sweets to our entire unit or people requesting to touch the performers just once after a play to be a part of the 'magic', it's these moments that we live for! Nothing can match these joys.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17540603", "title": "Crime branch opposes bail for suspended cop", "text": "MAPUSA: While opposing the anticipatory bail application filed by suspended head constable Waman Naik, the crime branch stated before the court of additional sessions judge at Mapusa that the accused has informed that he is sick with an intention to thwart the probe against him.While stating that the offence against Naik is serious and sensitive in nature, the crime branch has said that the 'accused reported sick to avoid collection of evidence against him'.The crime branch alleged that Naik had forceful sexual intercourse with the commercial sex workers and he tried to extort protection money and demand sexual favours from the sex workers. Two head constables Waman Naik and Santosh Vengurlekar and constable Vijay Gaikwad were suspended on Thursday after two commercial sex workers filed a complaint with the crime branch.The policemen were under scrutiny after two commercial sex workers had claimed that they were sexually abused by them under the garb of giving protection to them in their activity. The women alleged that they had been exploited for several months by the policemen.The anticipatory bail plea will come up for hearing on December 10.Explaining his modus operandi, the crime branch stated that Waman befriended a sex worker so as to get information about new entrants in prostitution. He promised to protect her in exchange for this information so that he could extort protection money from them.The commercial sex worker was providing the information to Waman, the crime branch claimed.The victim alleged that somewhere in the year 2010 Waman came in civil clothes to their rented room and extorted Rs 2000- 3000 from each of the transgenders. He demanded Rs 3000 from her which she could not pay. She requested him to have mercy on her and said she could pay him only Rs 1,000. He had forceful sexual intercourse with her and further threatened her not to disclose to anybody or else he would throw her out of the house.The victims have also told the crime branch that while they were in Baga after New Year 2011, Waman, who was in a police uniform, followed them to their rented room and had sexual intercourse with her female friend and did not pay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17540508", "title": "'State-Centre must unite, resume mining'", "text": "PANAJI: Even though political parties in the state restrained from finding fault with the Supreme Court (SC)'s Central Empowered Committee's (CEC) interim report on illegal mining in Goa, they reiterated their demand for the resumption of mining at the earliest.In its interim report on illegal mining in Goa filed in the SC on Friday, the CEC made several recommendations, including a macro-level environment impact assessment (EIA) before mining is resumed.South Goa Congress MP Francisco Sardinha, while refraining from commenting on the CEC report, said the state and central governments should intervene to stop the economy from falling apart. \"Legal mining should be allowed to resume,\" said Sardinha, even as he blamed the state government for pushing Goa into the present situation.He also opined that the state and central governments should coordinate and make sure legal mining is resumed.The Bhartiya Janata Party (BJP) vice-president and spokesperson, Wilfred Mesquita, without commenting on the CEC report, said, \"The best course of action for the government to adopt is to put its best foot forward in the next hearing in the SC.\"He added, \"It's not a question of being happy or unhappy about the CEC report. The CEC must have given its report after inspecting various aspects. It is up to the SC to decide whether it can be accepted or not when the matter comes up for hearing next.\"The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), which has also been demanding that legal mining should be allowed to resume, said that the state government should coordinate with the Centre . \"They should immediately take steps and plead before the SC for the resumption of mining,\" said NCP state president Surendra Sirsat.While he admitted that the CEC is not totally wrong in its findings , he said resumption of mining should also be given priority along with protecting the environment.Pointing fingers at the the state government over the present situation, he said the government should stop fooling people and properly plead its case before the SC.The Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) president, Pandurang Dhavalikar, who also decided to keep mum on the CEC report, said, \" Let the court decide on the CEC findings. We want resumption of mining at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mandya/ mysore", "code": "17539161", "title": "Bandh total in Mandya district", "text": "MANDYA/ MYSORE: The dawn-to-dusk Mandya bandh on Saturday called by the Mandya Zilla Raiya Hitarakshana Samiti to protest against the release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu was complete across the district. Heavy police security ensured it was free of any untoward incidents.However, pro-Kannada activists pulled down the poster of a Tamil film in Mysore which triggered tension for some time. Cops intervened to defuse the tension. After that incident, Tamil film shows were cancelled, the police stated.Commercial activities were shut down in Mandya following the bandh. Commercial establishments, restaurants, film theatres and petrol pumps were closed. KSRTC withdrew its bus services after operating for some time and private buses were off the road since morning.Pro-Kannada organizations held protest marches. Agitators led by former MP G Made Gowda protested at the Visvesvarayya statue. Later, they held a rasta roko on the Mysore-Bangalore highway which bore the brunt of the bandh. Farmers completely shut down vehicular traffic for hours. It's the first time the road was shut down since the Cauvery row erupted for the second time in three months. In Induvalu and Gejjalagere, farmers stationed bullockcarts on the highway.Rail traffic was normal and farmers didn't stop any train.Made Gowda told agitators to continue the protest till the state gets justice in the row. \"India got independence after a long struggle. We should emulate it to get justice,\" he said.Filed by Rajendrakumar K R and H M Aravind/ rewrite: es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17540169", "title": "Two held at airport with ephedrine worth Rs 1.5 cr", "text": "CHENNAI: Customs officials at the city airport on Friday night arrested a man and a woman who were carrying ephedrine worth 1.5 crore. Senior customs officials said they arrested the passengers at 11.40pm when they were about to board a flight to Kuala Lumpur.About 5kg of ephedrine was seized from the check-in luggage of Anu Ambraile, 34, from Chennai. They also arrested Sikantar Salim, 40, who was accompanying Ambraile to Kuala Lumpur. Investigators said the duo had been working as carriers for smugglers and a preliminary investigation revealed the drug was procured from Chennai. The duo hail from Mannady.Ephedrine, also known as herbal fuel, chi powder, herbal ecstasy or zest, is an over-the-counter drug used to treat diseases like asthma and ENT congestion. But because of its adverse side-effects, it has been banned under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1985 (NDPS). Officials said they were not frequent travellers. \"They get 10,000 for each trip to Malaysia carrying the drug,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539882", "title": "Dictated by Sena, policemen charged FB girls", "text": "MUMBAI: Over ten days after CM Prithviraj Chavan suspended superintendent of police (Thane rural) Ravindra Sengaonkar and Palghar senior inspector Shrikant Pingle, it has emerged that the duo were guilty of \"insurbodination\" as a senior IPS official had advised them not to arrest two teenaged girls under stringent sections of the IPC and the Information Technology (IT) Act.More shockingly, despite the advice from the IPS official, the entire process of registering the FIR and the sections in it was monitored by a section of senior Shiv Sena leaders at the Palghar police station even as police officials stood by as mute spectators.\"All these facts are mentioned in the report submitted by Konkan IG Sukhwinder Singh,\" said a top babu.\"Prima facie, it was felt that the advice of the senior IPS officer was ignored, resulting in insubordination. Under such circumstances, the chief minister had no option but to suspend the superintendent of police (Thane) and the senior police inspector (Palghar),\" said a high-ranking bureaucrat.On November 19, Palghar girls Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan, both 19, were arrested for a Facebook comment posted the earlier day lamenting the shutdown during Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral. A police officer involved in the investigation against the girls reportedly spoke about the presence of the Sainiks during the registration of the FIR.The bureaucrat said both Pingle and Sengaonkar were specifically advised not to invoke Section 505/2 of the IPC, but they ignored the advice and booked the girls as per their plan. Under 505/2, it is an offence to make, publish or circulate any statement or report containing rumours or alarming news with the intent of promoting enmity, hatred or ill-will between different religious, racial, language or regional groups, or castes or communities, on religious, racial, birth, residential, language, caste or communal grounds. Punishment is up to three years, or a fine, or both.Sengaonkar declined to comment on the Palghar episode, saying that since the home department was seized of the matter, it would not be proper for him to comment on his action or the findings in Singh's report. \"I have received a one-line suspension order that does not specify the reasons for my suspension. I am shocked by the government's action. I have taken the decision as per provisions of the law and, I am sure, truth will prevail and I will come out clean,\" he said.The bureaucrat said that, soon after the Facebook comment was brought to the notice of Sena leaders, they rushed to the Palghar police station on November 18 and insisted that the girls should be booked under Section 295/A of the IPC (deliberate and malicious acts intended to outrage religious feelings or any class by insulting their religion or religious beliefs). Accordingly, a case under Section 295/A was registered against the two women.Later, while section 295/A was dropped, an offence under section 505/2 was registered against the two women. \"We have been told that the offence under Section 505/2 was registered at the instance of the SP. He was immediately cautioned against invoking Section 505/2 by senior IPS officials,\" the bureaucrat said.A Palghar police official called the government's decision to suspend the SP and senior police inspector a hasty one. \"On November 18, the situation in the entire Palghar area was so tense that the local police had no option but to arrest the two girls. But now it appears that the police action was not in accordance with the provisions of law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17539710", "title": "IMC to seek loan from HUDCO", "text": "INDORE: Struggling to get fund from union government for installing intelligence transport signal along the Bus Rapid Transport System (BRTS), Indore Municipal Corporation ( IMC) will now take loan from housing and urban development corporation limited (HUDCO) for the same.After getting the loan as guaranteed by state government, the civic body expects to complete the delayed 11.5 km long BRTS corridor, install intelligence transport signal, control room and start the service from next year.Mayor, Krishnamurari Moghe, on Saturday said most of the BRTS work is complete and the delay in its operation was due to the delay in release of funds from the Centre. \"Installation of signal and control room- which is a must for starting the BRTS - will cost about Rs 60 crore, out of which Rs 29 crore was supposed to be funded by union government under JNNURM. But despite our repeated appeals and guarantee from state government, the union government has refused to release fund,\" Moghe said.He further said, since the construction of BRTS is almost over, it cannot be left as it is, even if the Centre does not give us fund. \"After consultation with state government, it has been decided that civic body will approach HUDCO for loan to install signals,\" said the mayor, adding that 80% of repayment of loan will be done by state government and remaining 20% will be repaid by the civic body.Meanwhile, AICTCL has already awarded a contract to UK-based Sarco Ltd for the operation and maintenance of BRTS. Initial inspection of BRTS bus is being done by civic official and batch of 50 special BRTS buses are expected to arrive in city soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543245", "title": "Gurinder Seagal releases his latest titled Dilruba", "text": "Gurinder quotes \"Dilruba is one of my favorite track out of all my tracks in my album. A well written romantic track in Urdu punjabi and sung in playback Bollywood style. It's a soft romantic track and can also be enjoyed on dance-floor with or with out your dance partner. Me and Kazman (producer of Dilruba) were Chilling at studio and Kazman was playing Raga Darbari and I started singing along. We recorded a rough melody and we ended-up with Dilruba.\"\"As you guys know I always try and do something different. No matter if its the track or the video. When I heard the final version of Dilruba I could visualize myself singing around in mountains, Rivers, amazing locations. It did cost me some good money in finding those locations and shoot but at the end it was all worth it,\" said, Gurinder.Asking him what what the response was so far from the track and the hype it has created already on facebook and twitter he quotes, \"May be because I'm a B+ blood group (laughs) well it's true I always tweet about being positive and focus on what ever you do. A little bit of negativity can stop you making a right decision. You have to take chances in life and if you take then being positive about it you won't lose focus. For me being positive about my music is almost as important as breathing. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17539907", "title": "She demanded my licence, claims two-wheeler rider", "text": "BANGALORE: Two-wheeler rider Mohan Velu, who rammed his two-wheeler into Manipuri playwright Swar Thounaojam's car told STOI the trouble begun soon after she shouted at him to produce his driving licence.\"She applied the brakes suddenly and I banged into her car. I agree it's my mistake, but it was unintentional. She asked me to produce my licence, to which I said 'You're not the police,'\" Mohan said.According to Mohan, the crowd shouted at him for not clearing the vehicles. \"I told her we'll go to the police station. But she was adamant and said I should give her my licence,\" Mohan said. Meanwhile, a huge traffic jam happened and motorists and others shouted at Swar to move her car. \"She shouted back saying, 'It's none of your business',\" Mohan said.Basavanagudi traffic police will file a chargesheet against a two-wheeler rider. Police said the court will look into the matter now. Swar Thounaojam, visited Basavanagudi police station on Saturday. \"Police told me they're questioning eyewitnesses,\" she said.Swar met deputy commissioner of police (south) HS Revanna. \"He said the investigation is on and they'll summon me soon. I've requested them to keep me posted on developments,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17540491", "title": "Understand plight of weaker sections, judicial officers told", "text": "MYSORE: High court judge and administrative judge for Mysore, Justice N Kumar, on Saturday called upon judicial officers to provide justice to women sex workers - \"who are one of the most marginalized groups\" -- by understanding their plight.Generally, sex workers are victims of circumstances, and they are pushed into prostitution ring due to various reasons like poverty, illiteracy and family issues. \"When they are booked and brought before the court of law, judicial officers must understand their plight before passing the orders,\" the administrative judge said, while addressing the inaugural of the two-day seminar on 'Perspectives of marginalized women and law' at Zilla Panchyat auditorium here.\"Human trafficking is an international issue and it is multimillion dollar business today. We need to put up a brave fight against people with a vested interests,\" the judge said, adding: \"But how to eradicate it is a big question. Stakeholders like police, judicial officers and non-governmental organizations should unitedly fight for the cause. However, the role of judges assumes significance here. Judicial officers should deal firmly against the wrong-doers, and, at the same time, show mercy to marginalized group of society.\"UN Trust Fund to End Violence Against Women's specialist Bharathi Silwal Giri claimed that women in Karnataka are more marginalized, and \"they experience both physical and sexual violence\". Presently, there are 1.34 lakh sex workers in Karnataka as per an estimate, and they all are discriminated and stigmatized. \"Even their children are facing the same problems. They are also not getting access to education,\" Giri stated.Earlier, Karnataka Health Promotion Trust (KHPT) advocacy director H S Ashokananda said that the seminar for judicial officers aims at deepening the understanding about human rights and larger concerns of women.High court judge B P Pinto, who is administrative judge for Chamarajanagara district, and University of Mysore international centre's director R Indira were present.Karnataka Judicial Academy, KHPT and UN Trust Fund are organizing the two-day seminar for judicial officers of Mysore and Chamarajanagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540833", "title": "Kejriwal seeks referendum on FDI in retail", "text": "KOLKATA: The convenor of the Aam Aadmi Party and political activist Arvind Kejriwal on Saturday demanded a referendum on FDI in retail following double standard by few political parties on the issue.\"All of us have seen how political parties behaved in Parliament during a debate on FDI in retail. I think the issue should be brought under a referendum,\" Kejriwal told reporters on the sidelines of the Pan IIT conference in Kolkata. Earlier while addressing IIT alumnus, Kejriwal said that there are only five democracies in the world where there is no system of referendum.\"There should be a system of referendum for introduction of controversial law or policies. Big corporate houses can lobby with political parties and manipulate them in key issues. It is not possible in case of referendum,\" he added.Kejriwal added that issues When asked about FDI in retail, Kejriwal said that it is not possible to have referendum but issues like Jan Lokpal and FDI in retail calls for a referendum. \"By arm-twisting the BSP and the SP with the CBI handle, the government has been able to win the vote in both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha two days back. The other point is that the issue was also not debated properly in Parliament,\" he said.He pointed out the government was putting across the theory that FDI in retail would help the farmers and eliminate middlemen. \"The Walmart experience shows that farmers in the US were not benefitted. In fact, there is agitation against FDI in some US cities, including New York ,\" he said. He also feels the government's claim that Walmart and others will set up cold storages will not be possible. Commenting on the argument that companies like Walmart could set up back end infrastructure for agriculture, he asked, \"The government is also saying that Walmart and others will set up cold storages. \"If the government could not do this in 65 years, is it right to believe that foreign companies will come and do this in a few years,\" Kejriwal said.He also believe that the theory that middlemen will be eliminated is rubbish.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "haveri", "code": "17539088", "title": "Haveri to herald a new party today", "text": "HAVERI: The town is all set to herald the blossoming of a new regional party, which is expected to realign the political groups in the state.It will be a one-man show and former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa seems to have left nothing to chance in preparations. He's all set to woo people emotionally, by the generous use of key words like 'betrayal' and 'victimization'.He's using his flagship programmes - Bhagyalakshmi scheme, free bicycles to students, Sandhya Suraksha Yojana, loan to farmers at low interest rates - to project himself as the champion of the poor. The posters are designed to educate people about these schemes.In his new innings, Yeddyurappa is going for an image make-over. The man, who once swore by RSS ideology, is ready to announce loud and clear he's a secular person. A flex board with the pictures of mosque, temple and church along with his photo is the backdrop of the main stage.The convention's glamour quotient is provided by sandalwood stars, actor Pooja Gandhi, who has joined the KJP, and Malashri, Shruti and Doddanna who are expected to join the party here.Yeddyurappa is everywhere, on the flex, banners and posters. He has pitched tent in the city and is personally supervising the massive arrangements for the expected huge turnout. The venue -- KLE's GH College, PB Road - has seating arrangement for one lakh people.The district administration is working overtime to ensure everything goes well. Elaborate security arrangements have been made, with 1,000 policemen deployed for the convention. The police will be assisted by 1,500 volunteers of KJP.Superintendent of police .Chetan Singh Rathor said that eight platoons of district armed reserve, 10 platoons of KSRP and 100 Home Guards are providing security. District police have prohibited the entry of vehicles on the Old Pune-Bangalore Highway from 6am to 9pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543037", "title": "Ko ante Koti audio released", "text": "The audio launch of Ko ante Koti starring Sharwanand and Priya Anand was celebrated with much gusto and glitz on Saturday. Ram Charan was the star attraction for the event, which also saw several Tollywood personalities in full attendance.The atmosphere was lighthearted and fun and guests seemed to have bonded big time with each other. Sekhar Kammula, Srihari, Manchu Manoj, Navadeep, Sravanti Ravi Kishore, KS Ramarao etc were also spotted. Shakti Kanth has scored the music for this film, which marks Sharwanand debut as a producer. The movie is directed by Anish Kuruvilla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17540281", "title": "Police increases presence at Shivaji Park, Sena flexes its Thane muscle", "text": "The eyeball-to-eyeball confrontation between the Shiv Sena and the administration appeared to be heading towards some decisive action, with both the Sena and Mumbai Police increasing their presence manifold at the park on Saturday.Following speculation that the BMC had geared up to pull down the structure where Bal Thackeray was cremated on November 18, which the Sena turned into a temporary 'memorial' , hundreds of Sainiks from the party's Thane wing reached the park on Saturday. But even as three Thane MLAs, Eknath Shinde, Pratap Sarnaik and Rajan Vichare, along with the Sainiks arrived to protest any action on the temporary 'memorial' , Mumbai Police moved to cordon off the entire ground. Sources said police commissioner Satyapal Singh was planning to remove the structure by Sunday. Besides 3,000 policemen , personnel from the State Reserve Police Force, Rapid Action Force and riot control unit were deployed near the ground.If a senior BMC bureaucrat is to be believed, then instructions have been given to the field staff to remove the temporary structure as early as possible . \"We have given our plan to the law enforcing agencies, the moment adequate police force is deployed at Shivaji Park we will remove the temporary structure,'' he said.The BMC had issued notices to mayor Sunil Prabhu and Sena MP Sanjay Raut, asking them to vacate the park immediately and remove the structure as permission to set up the stage was only given for one day. However, the Sena has been defiant and has not even replied to the notice.A Sena leader warned the party won't allow removal of the 'memorial' until the government grants an alternate site. \"Once this is done we will remove it on our own. The government should not remove or it may irk Sainiks and disturb peace and harmony all over the state,\" he warned. Sainiks even put up hoardings on Saturday daring the BMC to remove the structure while women Sainiks formed an innermost circle around the structure. \"We will stay here and guard the site. This is where Balasaheb Thackeray's funeral was conducted, the site is precious to us,\" said Shinde.That Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray chose the party's Thane unit to raise the decibel level on the memorial issue is significant. \"The Sena's Thane unit is seen as well-knit and cohesive,\" a senior Sena functionary said. Matoshree has more reason to trust the Thane Sainiks' spunk. It was the Thane wing which went on a rampage on the death of Sena leader Anand Dighe in 2001. The Thane Sainiks also built a permanent memorial to Dighe close to a playground near the Thane police commissioner's office, all of which prompted Matoshree to assign the task of protecting the Shivaji Park structure to Eknath Shinde, a protege of Dighe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17539544", "title": "'Safe' number plates have few takers", "text": "PATNA: Even as 'high security registration plate (HSRP)' has been made mandatory for every new vehicle purchased in the state since its launch on June 2 this year, only 32% of the new vehicles purchased in Patna till November 30 have HSRPs.According to the data available at the Patna district transport office (DTO), only 14,467 vehicles have HSRP even though 44,379 were registered with the Patna DTO between June and November.\"The lack of awareness about the benefits of HSRP is not the only reason behind the failure of vehicle owners to have the HSRP. Another major reason is the delayed completion of formalities regarding the HSRP registration by automobile dealers and delay in embossing the number plates at the HSRP station,\" transport minister Brishen Patel told TOI.Not that the state transport department is sitting idle. It has sent notices to automobile dealers in the state, warning them not to delay the process of sending the vehicle documents to the DTO for registration. The department has also put the HSRP stations, asking them not to delay the process of preparing and embossing the HSRP failing to which a fine of up to Rs 1 lakh could be imposed on them. Earlier, this fine was Rs 15,000.\"If things do not better even after this warning, the government may contemplate eliminating the role of automobile dealers in the process of vehicle registrations,\" the minister said.However, automobile dealers defended themselves. \"Based on the assessment of our projected sales every month, we take registration numbers in advance from the DTO. Immediately after the purchase of a vehicle, we send the documents to the DTO and take 'chalaan' for the registration as well as HSRP and give the papers to the customer within a week,\" Hyundai's Kankerbagh showroom proprietor Amit Gupta claimed.However, Sumit Singh, who bought a new Maruti car two months back, has not yet received either the smart card of registration or the 'chalaan' for the HSRP from the automobile showroom. \"I want to have HSRP in my car. But the showroom has been sitting on the registration as well as HSRP processes,\" he said.\"According to the Right to Service Act, a vehicle customer must get the smart card within a month from the automobile dealer or within a week from the DTO,\" Patna district transport officer Dinesh Kumar Rai. He regretted that though several awareness campaigns were run, the hi-tech system introduced by the government of India had failed to attract the vehicle purchasers in Bihar , the reason being the fondness for fancy number plates. \"But we have received orders from the transport department not to issue owner books to vehicle owners without HSRP registration,\" Rai said.The embossing operations in the state have been outsourced to a Delhi-based company. To ease the rush of HSRP embossing at the Transport Nagar station, one more station has been opened opposite the petrol pump near Rajapur Pul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17539045", "title": "New system to avoid health risks in expectant mothers", "text": "PUNE: Small and affordable measures can significantly reduce health risks women face when they become pregnant. Keeping this in mind, Sassoon hospital has launched a computerised online system to ensure that every pregnant woman registered with the hospital turns up for her scheduled ante-natal (pre-delivery) care check up on time.The Mother and Child Tracking System (MCTS), launched on December 1, ensures that the expectant mother gets a reminder SMS of the check-up date. If she doesn't have a cell phone, a health worker goes to her and gets her check up done.\"Most maternal deaths could be prevented if women had access to appropriate health care during pregnancy, childbirth and immediately afterwards. The MCTS is aimed at ensuring that every mother gets regular pre-delivery check up on time so that any complication or condition she has developed during the course of her pregnancy is immediately met with appropriate medical care and intervention,\" said Ramesh Bhosale, professor and head of the gynaecology and obstetrics department at Sassoon hospital.Every year around 10,000 pregnant women register themselves with Sassoon hospital for ante-natal care. However, a sizable number of expectant mothers, mostly from the lower socio-economic strata of the society, often miss their check up date due to domestic and health reasons.During the course of pregnancy, a woman has to see the doctor for at least 10 ante-natal care check ups to ensure safe and healthy delivery.\"Before the MCTS became functional, women themselves had to remember the check-up date and come to the ante-natal care facility. This has a strong possibility of defaulting or missing the visit,\" Bhosale said.The Mother and Child Tracking System is implemented under the Union government's National Rural Health Mission. It is an online system working through the internet and is connected to the national network.In this system, the full address, contact number (self/ relative/neighbourer/ friend) of pregnant mothers is entered. The pregnant mother gets system generated SMS of her scheduled visit to the ante-natal care centre.\"In case the woman does not turn up for the visit, a health worker contacts her on phone or pays a visit to see whether she is unable to come or not well. If the woman does not have a contact number, the health worker of the area where she stays gets the SMS about the check-up date, and the health worker approaches the woman. The expectant mother is then persuaded and brought to the health facility. She will be provided free transport,\" Bhosale said.MCTS, thus, establishes communication between the woman and the health care provider.\"Ante-natal check ups are very essential as they help detect and treat pregnancy complications earlier and thus prepare the woman for safe delivery. Women missing the ante-natal care visits land up in complications. Presenting late to the health facility when the damage may have already occurred may result in maternal death or disability of the child,\" Bhosale said.The MCTS ensures that women remain in touch and 'birth planning and complication awareness (BPCA)' is possible before they start delivery process. In BPCA, the woman is given a plan of birth, like mode of delivery, place where delivery should occur and level of expertise required for her delivery, besides the time of admission and arrangements for transport, leaving nothing to surprise. Thus, the chaos after delivery pains start is avoided,\" Bhosale said.A dedicated employee operates the MCTS at the crowded ante-natal OPD of Sassoon hospital. Data of health workers of the Pune Municipal Corporation is also fed into the system.\"Monitoring of health care delivery to pregnant mothers will become possible at various levels as authorities can access the MCTS information any time for quality control. The same system will work for tracking after delivery care for both the mother and the child,\" said orthopaedic surgeon Ajay Chandanwale, dean of Sassoon hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542150", "title": "Christina Aguilera reveals why she posed nude", "text": "When she made an appearance on a recent episode of 'The Ellen DeGeneres' show, Christina Aguilera didn't hold back and revealed the reasons why she posed in the buff on the cover of her new album. The curvy star, who has long battled unfair criticism about her expanding waistline, also discussed why she always has a fan with her on the show she judges and also the notorious picture of her with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, where it seems like the the former First Lady is staring at Christina's cleavage.The singer told chat show host Ellen that the decision to go nude on the cover of her album Lotus was because she likes the feeling of being free. The cover shows Christina rising out of a flower with her flowing blond locks covering her breasts. \"I like to be free. Sometimes the less clothing the better. I'm just comfortable in my skin and my body. I embrace my body, and I embrace everything about myself. Coming full circle is a celebration of freedom and happiness because that's what my new album Lotus is representing. I'm embracing everything that I've grown to be and learned to be,\" she explained. The 31-year-old star has gained quite a bit of weight since she gave birth to her son, Max, four years ago but has always said that she has embraced her new curves.Talking about how she recently met Hillary Clinton when she was awarded an Honor at a United Nations Ceremony in Washington D.C, she addressed the infamous picture by saying, \"She's such like a force in a room. She's got that star charisma and everything about her is great. I couldn't take me eyes off her either...so it was mutual.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17540380", "title": "Children's festival brings multi-coloured talents to fore", "text": "DHARWAD: The Janata Shikshana Samiti's college campus reverberated with activities on Saturday with over 3,000 children from across 14 districts of Karnataka participating in several cultural activities at the 'Makkala Habba'.The Shan Gu Biradar Vedike erected on the sprawling playground of the college stood testimony to the rich cultural heritage of Karnataka and the performance by children reassured that the legacy will continue for years to come.Thanks to the joint venture of Karnataka Bal Vikas Academy and department of public instruction, the festival provided an opportunity to the children to exhibit their multi-coloured talent.The mood was set with children reaching the venue in a grand procession. Dance, drama, music, folk art, debate, drawing and painting, acrobatics like Mallakamba and rope exercise enthused the audience.An interaction session 'Children with media' evoked interesting questions from the students.Senior scribes from various media houses answered the queries from the students. Pontiff of Murugha Mutt Mallikarjun Swamy inaugurated the festival and said the children need to be guided properly at the tender age so that they would become responsible citizens and take the country further on the path of progress.Chairman of Karnataka Bal Vikas Academy Mahesh Tenginakai, MLAs Chandrakant Bellad, Veerabhadrappa Halaharvi and DDPI B K Vardhan were present.Ramya Kamat, Manjari Hombale and Sakshi Upadhyaya also expressed their views on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17544103", "title": "Zardari visits Malala Yousafzai in UK hospital", "text": "LONDON: Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari today met Pakistani teenaged rights activist, Malala Yousafzai, who is being treated at a British hospital after being shot in the head by the Taliban for campaigning for girls' education.Zardari visited Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham to inquire about Malala's health condition.Dave Rosser, Medical Director of the hospital, briefed Zardari about the health condition of Malala. He informed the president that Malala had made great progress on way to full recovery.The President appreciated the courage and conviction of Malala and said that the nation's spontaneous response to the cowardly attack on her and her friends demonstrated that the people of Pakistan rejected extremism and militancy, according to APP news agency.Malala, while thanking the President, said her entire family and the people of Swat were grateful to the government for prompt arrangements for her evacuation and subsequent treatment at the best hospitals in Pakistan and Britain.Malala and her two classmates were injured in an attack by the Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan in the former militant stronghold of Swat on October 9.The 15-year-old became the symbol of resistance against the Taliban by writing a blog when the region was controlled by militants in 2007. As the Taliban forcibly shut down girls' school, Malala began speaking out for access to education for girls.The Taliban said that she was targeted for espousing secularism and Western ideals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542835", "title": "John Travolta wins $139k payout from author", "text": "The author who accused John Travolta of frequenting gay spas in Los Angeles in 1990s, has been ordered to pay the actor's legal fees amounting to 139,645.17 dollars.Robert Randolph , who wrote 'You'll Never Spa In This Town Again,' had claimed that the 58-year-old star and his lawyer Marty Singer conspired to discredit him and his book by spreading lies about his mental health , TMZ reported.The court threw out his case back in September but now the judge has ordered the author to reimburse the 'Pulp Fiction' author for the entire legal bill of 139,645.17 dollars.\"This legal fee award is another complete and total victory for Mr. Travolta,\" Singer said.Anyone else who files a ridiculous lawsuit against him should expect a similar outcome,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17540242", "title": "HC cancels railway laundry contract", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has quashed a multi-crore linen washing contract awarded by Southern Railway saying it overlapped with an existing contract.A division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice Aruna Jagadeesan, hearing a petition filed by Premier Garment Processing, on Tuesday cancelled the contract and asked the railway administration to float tenders again within eight weeks.The matter relates to the contract for washing soiled blankets supplied to passengers in airconditioned coaches of nearly 20 long-distance trains operating from Chennai. Premier was handling the contract for 13 long-distance trains and was supplying bedrolls at a cost of 19.5 per set. It was supplying about 6,800 bedrolls, of the total 12,000 sourced by Southern Railway daily.Following a policy announcement in Parliament, it was decided to award new contracts on a build-operate-transfer basis. Accordingly, tenders were floated and the contract, estimated at about 100 crore, was awarded to another firm in April 2011. The contract was for all trains for a period of 10 years and the contractor was asked to establish a washing unit on railway premises.As Premier's contract was till October 2012, its proprietor H Ibrahim Sha moved the high court saying the new contract did not specify any date of commencement and it would overlap with his contract.Southern Railway, however, said the petitioner did not participated in the tender process and hence he had no locus standi to question the process. The new tender was pursuant to the railway minister's announcement in Parliament and that it was the system to be followed throughout the country, it said.The judges said: \"We are unable to appreciate the action of the railway in issuing a fresh tender during the subsistence of a contract, that too without specifying the date of commencement of the new contract, thus creating a confusion in the mind of the existing contractor as to whether he should participate in the tender process or not.\"Noting that there was no whisper about the existing contracts in the clause, the bench said the authorities had introduced 'confusing clauses to the tender'.Pointing to the Railway Board's policy decision against giving lands on long lease, they said Southern Railway allotted its Basin Bridge land to the new contractor \"without reconsidering the issue of such a long lease. We find the action of the railway arbitrary and violative of their own guidelines.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17538185", "title": "Gutsy Issac clinches brutal battle", "text": "MUMBAI: Mixed Martial Arts may still be taking baby steps in the country but heart in a fight doesn't have anything to do with experience as Kario Issac and Mahmoud Ashour showed at the Super Fight League's 12th edition in a fiery feather weight bout that could easily go down as the season's best this far. Issac, a Manipuri Naga and Ashour from Egypt traded kick for kick and blow for blow, refusing to tap out from submissions you thought were impossible to survive and wiping away blood between punches.The battle ended in the third round when Issac had a battered and heavily bruised Ashour under a rear naked choke that the Egyptian finally gave in to. Issac did well to survive a guillotine choke himself when Ashour, who wasn't in the best of positions, let go after a barrage of punches in the ribs from the Indian. But Issac owned the moment of the bout when he unleashed a fantastic spinning kick in the second round that caught Ashour in the head, leaving him wobbly for a bit.SFL Results:Bantam weight: Sharath Babu beat Varinder Singh Feather weight: Abdul Muneer beat Amit Pal Bantam weight: Uchit Sharma beat Yashvir Singh Light-heavy weight: Arif Khan beat Mohit TokasMiddle weight: Pawan Singh lost to Ravindra BalharaBantam weight: Karla Benitez lost to Julia BerezikovaFeather weight: Kario Issac beat Mahmoud Ashour", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538878", "title": "Now, Tajganj project to intensify Taj's security", "text": "LUCKNOW: Security of the Taj Mahal would be increased further under state tourism department's project to develop the slums of Agra's Tajganj area. Separate set of CCTV cameras will be installed and a buffer zone created to ensure the safety of the monument.The fact came to fore during a review meeting of chief secretary Jawed Usmani on Saturday. Addressing senior officials, Usmani said that the project is extremely important not only for the state, but also for the country. He directed the officials to finalise the project's blueprint within 10 days.The slums of Tajganj are often seen as an eyesore on the canvas of Taj. The project comprises all-round development of the Tajganj area. \"By development we mean basic urban infrastructure such as water supply, sanitation, road and public transport, electricity, solid waste management, and environmental improvement and incidental services such as public toilets, street signage and lighting at appropriate locations,\" said an officer. It also involves construction of a world class approach road besides landscaping the nearby parks and riverfront.The UP government floated tenders inviting companies to present a blueprint for the development of Tajganj in October. According to reports, representatives of 25 different firms had expressed interest. The directorate of tourism has also prepared a detailed project report of an approach road and infrastructure in Tajganj ward that should be taken as a module of work. A team from National Institute of Design has also prepared a report on the Tajganj area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17540580", "title": "Soft underbelly of mining industry exposed: Activists", "text": "MARGAO: The CEC report submitted to the Supreme Court over the illegal mining issue in the state has sharply exposed the soft underbelly of the mining industry and the unholy nexus between the mine owners, politicians, bureaucrats and the law-enforcing agencies, activists in the mining sphere said.Curchorem-based Rajendra Kakodkar, a management consultant, was of the view that though the interim report of the CEC was \"on expected lines\", more damning revelations and stricter restrictions could be expected in the subsequent reports.\"Since the Supreme Court is supervising the matter, it is foolish to expect any cover-up as it invariably happens with a government inquiry. These are mere interim suggestions by the CEC. More elaborate do's and don'ts are to follow. Meanwhile, another report of the Shah Commission is also awaited, wherein there could be quantification of another 20,000 crore loss to the state in addition to 35,000 crore in the first report,\" Rajendra said.Chartered accountant Pradeep Kakodkar, who was in the forefront of the \"mining bypass\" agitation in Curchorem, said that though there was \"nothing shocking\" about the CEC report, it has clearly \"exposed\" the state government's failure in reining in the miners lobby.\"The mining industry was allowed to run without an environment impact assessment (EIA) done about its activities and the state having no mining policy in place to govern the industry,\" Pradeep said.Taking the argument further, Rajendra said that the \"mining loot is a classic case of miner-politician-bureaucrat-police nexus nicely pushed under the carpet by the legal fraternity for decades.\"\"This may be because the super rich miners had literally hijacked entire legal expertise in the state making the cases to languish in courts for years while they plundered the natural wealth as if there was no tomorrow.. Annual legal fees of Rs 150 crore by a clutch of handful miners in a small state of 15 lakh people is huge and leads to famine of legal expertise for those seeking justice against miners,\" Rajendra claimed.Sanjay Dessai, associate professor, Damodar college of commerce and economics, Margao, was of the opinion that \"what Goa needs is organized mining\" and that the CEC recommendations should serve as a roadmap towards that end.\"Since the matter is before the Supreme Court, these facts are coming out before the public. Over the years, these facts were being buried beneath the dumps by the mine owners,\" Dessai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "17540005", "title": "Fewer sea animals being washed ashore", "text": "RAMESWARAM: In good news for environmentalists, the number of incidents where sea animals like dolphins, whales, sea turtles and dugongs are washed ashore dead has declined in the Gulf of Mannar Marine National Park. According to statistics with wildlife authorities, 12 sea animals were washed ashore this year of which three were dugongs, two sea turtles, four dolphins and three whales. The figure was 44 in 2007, 28 in 2008, 19 in 2009, 10 in 2010 and 21 in 2011 and 12 till November this year. The GMMNP authorities said consistent efforts to sensitise fishermen on exercising caution while fishing in the Gulf of Mannar region and stringent measures to prevent poaching in the area have yielded positive results. On Monday and Tuesday, the authorities are conducting a workshop for members of self-help groups from fishermen and custodians of the sea like Coast Guard, Navy and Marine Police to sensitise them to sea grass development and habitats where dugongs and sea turtles live.T Rajendran, assistant conservator of forests, GMMNP, said the workshop will focus on involving stakeholders in protecting these sea animals and improving their habitat. \"The fishing habits of using pair trawling and bottom trawling damage the seabed, affecting the habitat of sea animals. The fishermen are constantly educated not to indulge in such practices,\" he said. The officials said that though pair trawling was banned, the enforcing authorities like the fisheries department were no match with a couple of boats at their disposal as against hundreds of fishing boats. Recently, two dugongs were washed ashore and they were found to be caught in fishing gear and later thrown in the shore by some unidentified people, wildlife authorities said.However, fishermen sources claimed that the number of sea animals were declining in the region as the reason for the wane in such incidents. The self-help groups wildlife authorities are training are not really involved in extended fishing activities in the region. They also said fishing activities alone could not be termed as the reason for the decline in sea wildlife. \"The authorities should keep an eye on pollution in the Gulf of Mannar region and watch for effluents released into the sea,\" said U Arulanandam, a fishermen leader. Bottom trawling was taught by the government in 1967 under the Indo-Norwegian agreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17541145", "title": "Winner of 4th draw of diamond fest declared", "text": "The draw was conducted by model and actor Rishi Miglani (extreme left) and int'l squash player Surbhi Misra. Dr Nawal Agarwal of the JJS (second from right) and Narendra Singh Rathore (extreme right), director of Kiran Fine Jewellers.Radio Mirchi RJ Jai (centre) was also present Surbhi Misra: It is a pleasure to hear that Times of India is organizing a special initiative to popularize the precious stone under the banner of Jaipur Diamond Festival. These initiatives should be encouraged more as Jaipur is the land of jewellery.I look forward to more such events from the Times Group Rishi Miglani: Thanks to TOI for creating such an event as this induces buying pattern amongst prospective buyers Dr Nawal Agarwal: This initiative is a good way to popularize diamonds and I am happy to see that the festival has taken pace and will pick up in the days to come Friday's lucky winner Ganesh Vaishnav won a 30-pointer Forever Mark diamond dossier The Times of India in association with Jaipur Jewellery Show (JJS) and Forever Mark is organizing the Jaipur Diamond Festival from December 3-17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "suri", "code": "17540836", "title": "I wanted to convey my plight, says CM fan", "text": "SURI: Indrajit Biswas - the 42-year-old Birbhum resident who interrupted a high court hearing on Thursday - confessed that it was the only option available with him to draw attention to his plight.An ardent Mamata Banerjee fan, the man said that he had sparked off the pandemonium, well aware of the consequence of such a behaviour. \"I still believe that I was deprived just because of the intricate system of judiciary of this country where it is not easy for a common man to establish his rights in the court of law,\" said Biswas.Biswas, a diploma holder in mechanical engineering, said that he was a victim of the country's \"flawed\" judicial system. He said that he had applied for a Bharat Gas franchise at Saithia, but the agency was given to somebody else who did not have the required eligibility. He alleged that the other person had managed to get it in a corrupt way and injustice was done to him.Currently, Biswas earns his livelihood by running a small electrical equipment shop in Bolpur. This apart, he works as the classified advertisement collection agent of a Bengali daily. Though he completed his diploma in 1994, he did not get any job and was forced to set up an STD telephone booth.When asked whether he indulged in the high-strung courtroom drama out of frustration of not having any permanent job, Biswas said: \"I did not try too much to get a job because there is hardly any demand for diploma graduates in mechanical engineering and secondly, I could not leave home because of my aged mother.\"Biswas claimed that he had no one to discuss his problems and plan out his course of action.\"The decision to raise my voice in the high court was my own decision. I knew well that I could be sent to jail for a long time, but I had confidence that I could point out loopholes in the judiciary. It is true that I should not create uproar in the high court but what else can a man like me do to make himself heard!\"The man who interrupted a high court hearing on Friday knew well what could be the consequence of such behaviour . But as he told he found it as the best option to draw attention to his plight. Describing himself as a victim of judicial system Indrajit Biswas said, ' I still believe that I was deprived just because of the intricate system of judiciary of this country where it is not easy for a common man to establish his right in the court of law.'Biswas , a diploma holder of mechanical engineering now earn his livelihood by running a small shop of electric equipment in Bolpur . Though he got the diploma in 1994 he did not get any job and started an STD telephone booth in Bolpur. Apart from this he works as the classified advertisement collection agent of a Bengali daily.When asked whether he did all these in high court out of frustration caused by not having any permanent job he said , ' I did not try too much to get a job because firstly the demand of diploma holder mechanical engineer is not enough and secondly I could not leave home because my aged mother.' Biswas had applied for a Bharat Gas franchise at Saithia . As he claimed that agency was given to somebody else who did not have eligibility but managed to get it through corrupted way.Biswas claimed he fought his fight on his own. Neither he discussed his course of action nor got the advice of others in this regards. ' The decision of raising my voice in the high court was my own decision. I knew well that I could be sent to jail for long time but I had confidence that I could point out the loop wholes of judiciary. It is true that I should not create uproar in the high court but what else a man like me could do to raise his voice!'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538753", "title": "Permanent night shelter at AIIMS to be ready soon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eighty-two-year-old Kanti Singh, suffering from cancer, will soon not have to sleep on the footpath outside AIIMS while waiting for chemotherapy. A night shelter, being built by the premier medical institute, is almost ready to house him and hundreds of other such patients visiting AIIMS every day from different states. The facility, being covered from all sides to keep the winter chill away, will also have basic amenities like bathrooms and toilets.Following a TOI report last winter on the plight of poor outstation patients, the Supreme Court had asked the state to set up shelters in all hospitals. AIIMS then started a temporary shelter on its premises.The new facility, which is located near Safdarjung Hospital adjacent to dharmshalas run by AIIMS, is a bigger and permanent structure, said Dr R C Deka, the institute director. \"We have not decided about the temporary shelter yet. For the time being, we will also run it,\" he added.According to B S Anand, superintending engineer of AIIMS, the new facility, which has cost around Rs 20 lakh, is being covered from all sides. \"The shelter, spread over an area of over 550 square metres, can house more than 300 people at a time. There are half-a-dozen toilets attached to it which the patients can use for free,\" said Anand. Security staff will also be posted to keep out everybody other than patients or his attendants, he added. The shelter is expected to be ready by next week.\"It is heartening to see AIIMS taking such a positive step. Hopefully, other hospitals would also put up such facilities,\" said Nitesh, project coordinator of NGO Society for Promotion of Youth and Masses that runs the temporary shelter. More than 10,000 patients visit AIIMS daily and about 600-700 stay back in the surrounding areas for further treatment. \"The temporary shelter can't accommodate all,\" he added.The dharmshalas run by AIIMS for needy patients have a limited number of beds. Also, occupants are charged between Rs 20 and Rs 150 for services which many cannot afford.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17540209", "title": "4 held for robbing train passengers", "text": "CHENNAI: Four people found to have been involved in several robberies on suburban trains were arrested by a special Government Railway Police team at the Gummidipoondi railway station, 50km from here, on Saturday. Stolen cellphones and gold jewellery were recovered.The team was formed after Thenappan, a commuter, complained to the Korukkupet police three days ago saying he was robbed by the gang on a train from Gummidipoondi to Chennai Central. The gang took away two gold rings, a chain, wallet and cell phone at knifepoint.The special team nabbed Anthony Kumar, Karthik, Murugananthan and Murugavel. During questioning, the gang members told police said they travelled on late night suburban trains looking for potential targets. Two of the gang would first seek to isolate their victims before the others joined in to 'complete' the operation. All of them carried knives and other weapons to threaten the victims, police said.After each successful operation, they blew up money on liquor and women, police said. They are probing whether it was the same gang that robbed a railway employee in Tambaram recently.Anthony Kumar, the kingpin, had a string of cases, including murder and attempt to murder, against him. He was jailed on two occasions, including when he was booked under the Goondas Act, police said.The arrest of the gang has put the spotlight on how commuters are mostly on their own at small stations on the suburban sector. There are very few GRP or RPF personnel at suburban stations as the focus is on patrolling major stations. RPF and GRP staff sometimes travel on suburban trains, but that is mostly to prevent crimes against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore/ haveri", "code": "17541306", "title": "Party will deny tickets to those attending Sunday\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s programme: KS Eshwarappa", "text": "BANGALORE/ HAVERI: The BJP on Saturday suspended Tumkur Lok Sabha member GS Basavaraj and BJ Puttaswamy , both loyalists of former CM BS Yeddyurappa , from the Jagadish Shettar cabinet. Infrastructure development minister Sunil Vyllapure said, \"I will announce my resignation and the reasons for it at the rally on Sunday.\" The minister is a staunch supporter of Yeddyurappa.Yeddyurappa has warned Shettar and BJP state president KS Eshwarappa that the BJP government will not survive if his supporters are targeted. The former CM has been wooing BJP legislators over the past couple of days to attend his Haveri event and had even hosted a breakfast meeting in Belgaum on Friday, where the legislature session is going on. He is expecting 40 MLAs, 20 MLCs and 10 MPs to attend the event. While coaxing MPs and legislators to attend his rally, Yeddyurappa made it clear they would not share the dais with him as they will be seated in a separate enclosure.Whether this shock by the BJP leadership will make an impact on the turnout will be known on Sunday. The decision to act on rebel partymen is said to have been taken at a late-night meeting on Friday in party national president Nitin Gadkari's residence in New Delhi. It was attended by Shettar and BJP state president KS Eshwarappa. Shettar later told reporters: \"The BJP will not tolerate indiscipline and there have been instances in the past of severe action being taken against such persons. I've dropped Puttaswamy from the cabinet and action will be taken against those who identify themselves with Yeddyurappa or indulge in publicity for him.\" Eshwarappa said Basavaraj had been suspended from the BJP for six years, and the party had also recommended removing him from the MP's post. \"The party will deny tickets to those who attend Sunday's programme ,\" he added.Earlier, the BJP had taken action against two of Yeddyurappa's associates. Rajya Sabha member Ayanur Manjunath was stripped of the party spokesperson's post and V Dhananjaya Kumar was removed as Karnataka's special representative in New Delhi.In Haveri, Yeddyurappa reacted angrily: \"When the state is faced with a burning issue like Cauvery, Shettar and Eshwarappa have time to go in a special flight to New Delhi to discuss politics. Shettar should not forget who made him CM. DV Sadananda Gowda was reluctant to resign. In that situation , I convinced the BJP high command to make Shettar CM. Today, he has backstabbed me just like JD(S) leaders did.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540891", "title": "No tender, Kolkata Municipal Corporation does U-turn on parking lots", "text": "KOLKATA: Coming under pressure from Trinamool Congress heavyweights, the civic body is all set to rescind the move to invite open tenders from professional bodies for managing the city parking lots. Instead, the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) plans to leave the management to the all-powerful cooperatives with a Trinamool leader at the helm.The rethink was prompted by two party heavyweights, who started lobbying hard for a section of the cooperative societies that run the parking zones now. So, the civic bosses are giving a second thought to a proposal mooted a fortnight ago by Soumen Moulik, the chief manager of the KMC car parking department.Sources in the department said that though the proposal for inviting an open tender was approved by Rajib Deb, the MMiC overseeing the car parking department, he himself did the U-turn after an influential Trinamool minister took up the matter with municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed. Deb, however, said he had no role in reverting to the old system.\"It is true that we had planned to invite an open tender for running the parking lots to crack down on the illegal parking lots. But now, the circumstances have changed and there is hardly any scope left for us to adopt the new system,\" Deb said. The last time the KMC authorities had invited a tender for handing over the parking zones was in 2007, a KMC official said.However, the change in decision has made KMC officials jittery. \"We were preparing to end the monopoly of a few cooperative agencies that didn't pay any heed to rules. We have also received complaints that some of them were extorting car owners,\" said a KMC car parking department official.Moreover, the revenue from car parking would have gone up had the civic authorities agreed to give a green signal for the new system, felt a senior KMC official.At present, 32 cooperative agencies run 70 car parking zones across the city. The KMC car parking department gets Rs 8 crore annually from these cooperative agencies as parking fees while the amount would have doubled had the KMC top brass raided the illegal parking zones regularly, felt a KMC official.A parking department list reveals the presence of 'fake' lots on several thoroughfares. CIT Road (Kankurgachi), Bagbazar Street (entire), Rabindra Sarani (Rabindra Bharati to Vivekananda Road), Amherst Street, Muktarambabu Street in the north, Indian Mirror Street, Elliot Road, Short Street (from Loudon Street to Rawdon Street) in the central and Park Circus seven-point crossing, Baker Road (Alipore), Turf Road, Sarat Bose Road (Elgin Road to Padmapukur), Purna Das Road (Gol Park to Jatin Bagchi Road), Ballygunge Station Road, Monoharpukur Road (part), Motilal Nehru Road (behind Priya Cinema), Raja Basanta Roy Road, Jatin Bagchi Road (Southern Avenue to Gol Park) and Ballygunge Circular Road (near David Hare Training College) in the south are some prominent roads that have been declared as unauthorized parking lots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "17541128", "title": "Pakistan senate members to visit Ajmer dargah today", "text": "AJMER: World famous dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti is a main attraction for the Pakistanis coming to India. Most Pak citizens, including ministers and businessmen, always include the dargah in their interinary on their visit to India. A delegation of 25 members of Pakistan senate, which is in New Delhi on an official visit, is proposed to reach Ajmer on Sunday. Pak interior minister Rehman Malik is also scheduled to come to the dargah on his three-day visit to India.Dargah gets hundreds of letters and phone calls throughout the year wherein people ask the khadims to offer prayers on their behalf so that they get a chance to come to India and visit the dargah. \"At the time of yearly Urs, hundreds of devotees in Pakistan request us to offer prayers so that they get a chance to participate in the yearly Urs,\" said Sayeed Natik Chishty, khadim of dargah.With gradual improvement in the Indo-Pak relations, the delegations that come to India make it a point to visit the dargah in Ajmer, \"Offering prayers in the dargah is a fervent wish of thousands of Pakistanis,\" said another khadim. On of the khadims said the teachings of Khwaja Moinuddin are contemporary and, therefore, people of all castes, creed and religion come to this place. \"Those who are unable to visit the dargah ask us to perform special prayers for them and their families,\" added another khadim.Three businessmen from Pakistan who came to New Delhi to participate in a commercial exhibition in Ajmer on November 20, who were unaware of visa formalities, were trapped in the net of IB. On November 1, former Pakistan PM and president of Muslim league also visited the shrine on Eid and offered special prayers as an ordinary devotee. Several Pak leaders like Asif Ali Zardari and his son, Pak foreign minister Heena Rabani have visited the shrine. Former Pak prime minster Benazir Bhutto was a dedicated devotee of the dargah. Even Pakistan president Pervez Musharraf came to this place showing that the teachings of Sufi Garib Nawaz are a significant tie between the two countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17538115", "title": "Battle of survival for EB, Bagan", "text": "KOLKATA: Trevor Morgan knew little about the bitter rivalry between East Bengal and Mohun Bagan when he came to India in 2010. But with the combined wisdom of two seasons and the experience of guiding his team's fortunes in eight Kolkata derbies behind him, East Bengal's English coach is now well-equipped to deal with the rigours of such \"special occasions\".\"We are hard to beat now,\" he insisted on Saturday, the eve of I-League's Kolkata derby against Mohun Bagan. As the high-voltage clash drew closer, the self-belief and swagger in East Bengal ranks \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both inculcated by Morgan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is there for all to see.The confidence among the red-and-golds, and their faithfuls, stem from the fact that East Bengal are yet to taste defeat this season. Mohun Bagan's floundering start, combined with East Bengal's red-hot form, has already seen Morgan's boys \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with 21 points from nine matches \u00e2\u20ac\u201d open up a nine-point lead over the green and maroons.Booth sets winning target for Salgaocar: Pune FC coach Derrick Pereira loves coming back to Goa. It's home for him, for one, but his side never fails to garner points whenever they step foot on Goan soil, reports Marcus Mergulhao from Panaji.The first time they arrived here this season was last week and, quite expectedly, three points were what they got against Sporting Clube de Goa.Derrick's boys are here again, and this time he is leaving nothing to chance despite facing struggling Salgaocar Football Club at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Sunday.At the whistle: United Sikkim 0 Shillong Lajong 0; ONGC 2 (Kenistan C, E Brown) Sporting Club de Goa 2 (O Kalu, S. Sugishita); Dempo 3 (R Sueoka, P Carvalho, Climax Lawrence) Prayag United 1 (R Martins).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17539879", "title": "Burglars decamp with gold jewels, other valuables in Marutham Nagar", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two houses at Marutham Nagar near Saravanampatti in the city were broken open on Friday night. Burglars decamped with gold jewels, laptops worth Rs 5 lakh. Police said, Pradeep, 38 of Marutham Nagar, works as a manager in a private firm. He stayed with his wife at her mother's house in Vellakinar. He occasionally visited his house at Maruthan Nagar after finishing his work.On Saturday morning when he came home, he found the front door open and valuables missing from the house. Three sovereigns of gold chains, eight grams of gold coins were missing, police said. Pradeep lodged a complaint with Saravanampatti police station. The police officials rushed to the spot and fingerprint experts lifted some fingerprints from the house.Elsewhere, the burglars decamped with valuables from the house of P Balamurugan in the same locality. Balamurugan had gone to Chennai along with his family to visit his relatives. He returned on Saturday and found the front-door lock was damaged. He opened the house and found two laptops, one DVD player, a video camera and a digital camera, two sovereigns of gold chain studded with diamond missing. He lodged a complaint with Saravanampatti police station. The police have registered a case and are looking out for the burglars. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17540559", "title": "School cancels PTA meet on fees' structure", "text": "NASHIK: The Rasbihari International School (RIS) has cancelled a meeting of Parents and Teachers Association scheduled on Monday to discuss the structure of fees for the next academic year.The school had called a PTA meeting on Monday to discuss the fees for the academic year 2013-14 to which the members of Forum Against Commercialisation of Education (FACE) and the parents of the students of RIS had objected. They were against the meeting as the the current academic year's fees have not been approved.The school has been under a cloud since April over the fees hike from the current academic year. It has been asked to submit documents that would be scrutinised by the education officials for approving the present year's fees structure.Meanwhile, the school announced the PTA meeting for discussion of fee structure for the next year via a notice on its board.The members of FACE and the parents had informed about the meeting to the education officers on December 3 when they met him to learn about the status of the inquiry on the school fees. Assistant director of education, R R Marwadi, had called up the school authorities and asked them to cancel the meeting. He instructed them to give them it in writing that the PTA meeting to be held in December 10 had been cancelled.The school abided by the instructions and informed the deputy director about the cancellation of the PTA meeting. The education officials said that further course of action will be decided after the documents of the school are studied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17544016", "title": "Wills-Kat express grief over Indian-origin nurse\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s suicide", "text": "Prince William and Kate have revealed their sadness at the apparent suicide of an Indian-origin nurse at the hospital.The body of Jacintha Saldanha was found at an address near the King Edward VII's Hospital in London , the Telegraph reported.She had been the victim of two Australian radio DJs who impersonated the Queen and the Prince of Wales to dupe her into giving a condition update on Kate, who was suffering severe morning sickness at the private hospital.In a statement St James's Palace said: \"The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are deeply saddened to learn of the death of Jacintha Saldanha.\"\"Their Royal Highnesses were looked after so wonderfully well at all times by everybody at King Edward VII Hospital, and their thoughts and prayers are with Jacintha Saldanha's family, friends and colleagues at this very sad time,\" the statement read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17541125", "title": "Cops to Re-Enact crime, file Chargesheet in 10 days", "text": "JAIPUR: A pani-patasi vendor, a petrol pump employee, a dabha wala and a Sanganer-based shopkeeper who sells ropes will help the police recreate the brutal plot of Naina's murder.A day after the duo - Nitansh Sain, a distant relative of the girl and Gaurav Chheepa - were nabbed, the city police said these small time businessmen will extend their help to make the case airtight during trial against the accused men. They will record the statement of these people who could become a possible witness in the case. These witnesses will also identify the killers in an identification parade to be held inside the jail.Police said the duo had exposed themselves to these people while executing the crime. The girl had been served pani-patasi by a vendor in Kantewa Nagar. Similarly, the duo had bought petrol from a pump on their way to Bagaru. Before getting petrol, they had made the girl sit at a nearby dhaba. They had also bought a rope from a shopkeeper in Sanganer which was later used in strangulating the girl.The police will go a step beyond their usual methods of investigation and try to file chargesheet in 10 days' time by recreating the scenes of crime and listing out things like the sack in which she was dumped before being thrown into a well along with her footwear . Facing flak from the family members for not acting seriously after Naina went missing from her residence in Devi Nagar on November 28, the police now don't want to leave a stone unturned in the case.Sodala assistant commissioner of police (ACP) Anil Rao said preparing chargesheets in murder cases usually take time, however, keeping in view the brutality involved in this crime, the police want to bring justice to the family of the deceased girl as soon as possible.Police said though the duo has confessed to the crime, the confession made before investigation doesn't hold much water during trial.As per the sequence of events reportedly described by the killers, the duo had conducted a recee and studied the girl's routine for three to four days before executing the crime.On November 28, Nitansh and Gaurav came to her house on a bike and a scooter. The girl got on to Nitansh's bike. She was first taken to Katewa Nagar and served pani patashi.\"The statement of the pani-patasi vender will be crucial to establish that the girl was with the duo,\" a police officer said.The duo then reached Sanganer through Gujjar Ki Thadi. They bought a litre of petrol from a pump and proceeded towards Bagru. On the way, they strangulated her with a rope that they had bought from Sanganer.\"The petrol pump employees will also be able to identify them easily as the duo had stayed for some time,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542074", "title": "Shatrughan Sinha wants to do a film with Big B", "text": "Shatrughan Sinha is keen on doing another film with the Big B . Apparently the two have discussed the various possibilities of coming together. A project is now being designed. Says Shatrughan Sinha , \"We haven't worked together since 'Shaan' and 'Kala Patthar'. It'd be really nice to work with him again. He's a good actor and a fine human being. After my heart surgery my first social outing was to his 70th birthday party. I told him I wouldn't have stepped out to such a crowded gathering for anyone else. I broke my golden health rule for a golden human being.\"Another colleague who has won Shatruji's heart is Akshay Kumar . \"He has been very inspiring in his good-health talk. He came here and very humbly told me how important it is to eat sleep and exercise well. I am now on to a different routine altogether. I wake up very early in the morning, go for a long walk. I'll be resuming my yoga very soon. Late nights are completely out. Not that I partied late anyway.\"As soon as Shatruji is back to completely normalcy he will start a film with Akshay Kumar. \"It's a subject that he has been desirous of doing with me for a long time. Akshay came and told me, 'Sir, ab to meri baat maan lijiye. ' I've agreed . But he has laid down a pre-condition. Akhsay says our shooting shifts would be 7 am to 2 pm. I am game.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17539767", "title": "Temperature likely to come down after two days", "text": "BHOPAL: As the day temperature continues to be on the higher side all across the state, weatherman says that winter would intensify in a few days only after the change of wind directions from south-westerly to northerly. And it is likely to happen in next two days.A rise in the temperature witnessed in the past few days was due to the western disturbance over J&K; and it is expected to clear in next two days, he added.The officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle, said the wind direction that was westerly and south westerly for the past few days is expected to go northerly and north easterly after two days. It would result in fall in temperature.Temperature in four main cities-Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 32.2 and 9.2 degrees C on Saturday.The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 32.2 (+4) degrees Celsius and the minimum at 15.0 (+4) degrees Celsius.Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 31.6 (+5) degrees Celsius against a minimum of 15.8 (+6) degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 29.9 (+4) degrees Celsius whereas the minimum stood at 9.2 (+1) degrees Celsius.The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 30.1 (+3) 14.8 (+6) degrees C.Weatherman said similar dry condition is expected to prevail in the state on Sunday too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540928", "title": "Police dispatch two teams to trace missing teenager", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four days after a Class X girl from Miyapur went missing, the Cyberabad police dispatched two teams-one to Vijayawada and another to Tirupati to trace the teenager.On Wednesday, the girl, who is studying at Lotus National School was allegedly forced to get down by her school bus driver Durga Prasa, near Miyapur. Since the beginning, police have been suspecting the role of a former driver, Manju Prasad, in the incident.Based on leads gathered from different sources, police have dispatched teams to Tirupati and Vijayawada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539868", "title": "Sex, drugs and sports writing", "text": "\"Did you do drugs?\" That was how Boria Majumdar's session 'Playing the write game' began. Majumdar addressed the question to Ashwini Nachappa, Karnataka's star athlete and spokesperson at large for greater transparency in sports federations in India. Nachappa answered in the negative, and talked about similarities and differences in the treatment of athletes in her heyday and in the present.Shehan Karunatilaka, author of Chinaman: The Legend of Pradeep Mathew deadpanned that he preferred to take drugs while writing, not while playing. Vedam Jaishankar, Dravid's biographer and cricket correspondent, posited that drugs were a greater problem in developed countries - where access, knowledge and techniques for masking usage exist -- than in India, where a significant percentage of athletes and their coaches do not have the knowledge or know-how to successfully use performance enhancers and evade detection. Nachappa described an incident involving Aparna Popat, when the badminton star had taken D-Cold medication for a cold, not realizing the medicine had some banned substances.From there, the discussion went on to the way sports were treated by modern media. Jaishankar emphasized the importance of coverage of local sporting events - and the importance that good local coverage has on players. Nachappa talked about the coverage of athletics against the coverage of cricket - and concluded that if you did well, you would get media exposure.Karunatilaka then talked about writing a cricket novel - and that a Sri Lankan author was expected to write about tsunamis, war or colonialism, not about the game , even though \"cricket is the one thing that unites Sri Lankans, the one thing we are world class at\". As an aside, Karunatilaka let slip that he had just discovered that the national game of Sri Lanka was volleyball, a game that no one he knew played.Majumdar then asked Vaidyanathan about why biographers and cricket writers and players themselves, in their autobiographies seldom talked about their wilder sides - about the womanizing that several cricketers allegedly indulge in, leading to the conclusion that India is still a \"closeted country\". \"We just don't talk about some things,\" said Vinod Naidu, Sachin Tendulkar's brand manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17539065", "title": "Ajit opposes merger of villages", "text": "PUNE: A day after taking charge as the guardian minister of Pune district, Ajit Pawar rebuffed chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and opposed the state government's notification to merge 28 villages in the limits of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).Pawar quit the cabinet on September 25 while the state Urban Development Department (UDD), under the chief minister, issued a notification of merger on October 11. Pawar chaired the meeting of the district planning and development council (DPDC) in the city on Saturday and put on hold the CM's decision to merge the villages in PMC limits.\"Of the many considerations, water supply is a major concern. Merger will not happen till the city gets sufficient quota of drinking water. Till all the issues are sorted out, there is no question of merger,\" said Pawar at the meeting. Congress MLA Vinayak Nimhan had raised the issue saying that the merger will add burden on the PMC.Meanwhile, the state UDD has already issued a notification to bring 28 fringe villages in the PMC limits, a move aimed to increase the civic body's geographical area to more than 450 sq km from the present 243.84 sq km. Also, the government has completed the process to seek suggestions and objections.The state government issued notification for the merger on October 11 and had given a month for suggestions and objections. The notification had come as the PMC was unable to take a decision on the merger proposal, which has been pending since 2010. The expanded city could come close to or be even bigger than the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), which, as the largest civic body in the state, covers an area of 480.24 sq km. Once the merger process is completed, thousands of acres of farmland will become available to the realty sector.With Pawar putting a spanner, the entire process is likely to be delayed. Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar had aired similar objections. At a function organized in the city, Pawar senior had raised doubts about the actual implementation of the merger idea. He had said that he will ask the CM to have a word before going ahead with the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17538650", "title": "CRPF jawan commits suicide", "text": "KEONJHAR: A 45-year-old jawan of the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) committed suicide on Saturday morning at the CRPF camp in Barbil, about 70 km from here. Identified as Surendra Kumar from Haryana, he was working as a driver with CRPF.Kumar participated in the morning drill and went to his room after having breakfast. He took the extreme step at about 9.30 am in his room at the camp, sources said.Upon hearing the gunshots, his colleagues rushed to his room to find his body lying in a pool of blood. Kumar shot himself in the head, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17544293", "title": "Winter festival at Rabindra Tirtha", "text": "KOLKATA: A meeting was held with about 30 housing estates and co-operatives of Rajarhat New Town, where the authorities came up with a plan to organize a Winter Festival in Rabindra Tirtha that would be organized and performed by the residents of the township. There was great response from the residents and an organizing committee has been formed to take this plan forward.It has been decided that the festival could be held for five days from 26th to 30th December, where the basic thrust would be to have entertaining group performances drawn from all units, instead of the usual cultural groups that are normally brought in for performances. The authorities also discussed the idea of staging a one act play by residents of different areas of new town.There was a suggestion of having a separate section for children where quiz and sit-and-draw competitions could be held on the lawns of Rabindra Tirtha. The authorities will be further discussing on the issue to come up with a complete programme chart.Rabindra Tirtha was inaugurated by chief minister, Mamata Banerjee , earlier this year. A week long cultural programme on Rabindranath Tagore was already held in Rabindra Tirtha earlier and the event was a success as many people had come on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17541214", "title": "Future tense for 10 lakh students seeking admission in Rajasthan University", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after Rajasthan University postponed the online filing of examination forms indefinitely citing technical reasons has left around 10 lakh students in the lurch. The university stopped the online system on Friday after running it for two days.Sources reveled that the agency hired for the task had failed to retrieve the data of admitted students causing a problem in the system to accept the examination forms. The move is likely to delay the session as processing 10 lakh forms online is a mammoth task.\"Since the start, the website was running very slow and downloading the application took long one can finally submit a form after working for hours at stretch. They should switch back to manual filing of forms,\" said Giriraj Shekawat, who demonstrated against the online system on Saturday. The matter has raised questions on the functioning of the RU's department of infonet which had handled the admission process. The university has invested lakhs of rupees in this department to digitalize its functioning.\"We are not equipped to handle data of 10 lakh students. Our servers lacked the capacity to handle the mamouth workflow,\" said an infonet official. Some quarters have raised questions on how an incompetent agency was hired to handle 10 lakh online application forms. The RU started the online system on December 4 aiming to give respite to students who had to stand in long queues for hours to submit admission forms. In past two days, only a few hundred forms were submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538566", "title": "65-year-old hit by car, dies", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 65-year-old man who had sustained serious injuries on being hit by a speeding Santro in Safdarjung Enclave, south Delhi, on December 5, succumbed to his injuries on Saturday. His wife, too, was injured and is undergoing treatment.The couple was on their way back home from a nearby temple when the accident took place. Cops said B K Ahuja and his wife Pratima Ahuja were taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre. The body was handed over to the family after postmortem. The accused, Amit, was arrested, and a case of rash and negligent driving and causing hurt was registered. Later, cops added the section of causing death in the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17540154", "title": "Power supply yet to be restored in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Power supply is yet to be restored in major parts of Hazaribag town and most of the rural areas of the district, though the 48-hour lightning strike by the JSEB employees ended following the order of the Jharkhand high court on Friday.JSEB local authorities said it would take a few more days to restore the normal power supply in the district as the transformers were still undergoing repairs in some areas.In Hazaribag town, thickly populated areas like Pugmil, Lohshinghna, Gowal Toli are going without power for the past one week.Drinking water could not be pumped to the tanks as the pumps are not operating smoothly. Officials of the PHED department said repairing of machines was continuing on war-footing for restoration of drinking water supply in Hazaribag town and its surrounding areas. In some areas of the town, drinking water was supplied through tankers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore/ haveri", "code": "17541243", "title": "BJP cracks whip on BS Yeddyurappa\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s aides", "text": "BANGALORE/ HAVERI: Ahead of BS Yeddyurappa taking charge of the Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) in Haveri on Sunday, the BJP central leadership on Saturday showed a trailer of what it could do to his loyalists in the party.The BJP suspended Tumkur Lok Sabha member GS Basavaraj, a Lingayat , and sacked co-operation minister BJ Puttaswamy, a Ganiga (backward class sect), from the Jagadish Shettar cabinet . Both are close aides of Yeddyurappa, but in the pecking order, are considered lightweights. With this action, the BJP wants to warn other senior ministers , legislators and MPs loyal to Yeddyurappa to fall in line and stay away from Sunday's rally.Infrastructure development minister Sunil Vyllapure told STOI he would resign from the cabinet on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17539205", "title": "Congress leader accuses BJP Waghodia MLA's son of assault", "text": "VADODARA: The poll campaigning took an ugly turn in Waghodia taluka on Saturday night when BJP and Congress workers clashed with each other. According to police, Deepak Srivastava, son of sitting BJP Waghodia MLA Madhu Srivastava allegedly bashed up a Congress worker in Romipura village at about 8 pm on Saturday.Sources said that the Congress worker and supporter of Waghodia candidate Suresh Solanki were putting up banners for campaigning at Romipura village. Deepak allegedly reached the spot with 15 to 20 people and attacked Solanki. He suffered injuries on his head and was admitted to a private hospital in Waghodia. \"We are gathering details of the incident and also questioning Solanki. We are yet to register a FIR,\" said a Waghodia police official.Srivastava and Patel are archrivals and Waghodia has witnessed such incidents several times during poll campaigning in past. Deepak was involved in a similar brawl in October this year and was arrested by the police.Deepak was arrested for threatening a Congress leader Jitendra Patel who had alleged that Deepak was flouting code of conduct by distributing saris to locals in Waghodia. Deepak was released on bail by the court later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17544623", "title": "Get rid of politicians indulging in divisive politics, PM appeals to Gujarat voters", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17538959", "title": "Two booked for selling the same shop twice", "text": "GURGAON: The Sohna police have filed a complaint against two persons for allegedly selling a shop in Bhondsi to a buyer despite the fact that they had already taken Rs 8 lakh from another person for the same shop.Anil Kumar, a resident of Badshapur, in his complaint, said he had given Rs 8 lakh to the suspects, identified as Pawan, a resident of Bhondsi village and Babbu Lal, a resident of Panwad village in Rewari district, for the shop in Bhondsi. After the agreement was made, Kumar learnt that the shop has been sold to another buyer as well. The police have transferred the case to the economic offence wing (EOW) of the city police. On the recommendation of the EOW, the Kherki Daula police have lodged an FIR against the duo. \"It is a clear case of cheating, as the suspects had made an agreement with the victim, and had also received the money before selling the shop to another buyer,\" said the investigator in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17544967", "title": "Former sport minister says sportsmen should hold associations", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Former sports minister, Ajay Maken , who in town reacting to the suspension of the Indian Olympic Association by the International Olympic Committee said, \"Irrespective of the parties, it is a fact that politicians are holding back the sports body. I would not like to name any one, but the government and I personally feel that there is a need to have sportsmen ruling these bodies.\"Maken further said that the performance of the state government in implementing centre-sponsored schemes is very poor. Despite the release of 73% of the funds, the state has just achieved 39% of its target for housing the urban poor. This was stated by Ajay Maken, union housing &amp; urban poverty alleviation minister at a press coference here on Saturday.Maken said, \"The state government has failed to utilize the full amount of funds given by the centre. Of 1.39 lakh houses sanctioned, only 55,399 have been occupied by beneficiaries. This is an achievement of just 39%.\"Like Sonia Gandhi , the housing minister also took digs at chief minister Narendra Modi for spending 16% of the funds released under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission in his own constituency. \"We at the centre do not discriminate between states, irrespective of the government in power. But the chief minister is discriminating in his own state. He used 16% of the funds sanctioned under JNNURM for his own constituency.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ravindranath shanbhag, president, human rights protection foundation, udupi and former professor of pharmacology in manipal university is a strong advocate for human rights, civil liberties, and consumer protection. he was one among the first to link endosulfan to the deformities and various ailments affecting more than 5,000 people in about 103 villages of four taluks of dakshina kannada. his efforts saw the karnataka cashew development corporation (kcdc) revealing that endosulfan aerial spray was done in three more divisions ie, udupi, kundapura and kumta. excerpts", "code": "17540432", "title": "'Traditional pest control only alternative'", "text": "Ravindranath Shanbhag, president, Human Rights Protection Foundation, Udupi and former professor of pharmacology in Manipal University is a strong advocate for human rights, civil liberties, and consumer protection. He was one among the first to link endosulfan to the deformities and various ailments affecting more than 5,000 people in about 103 villages of four taluks of Dakshina Kannada. His efforts saw the Karnataka Cashew Development Corporation (KCDC) revealing that endosulfan aerial spray was done in three more divisions ie, Udupi, Kundapura and Kumta. Excerpts:The Supreme Court-appointed joint expert committee on endosulfan has recently said that \"to exhaust the available stocks of raw material, manufacture and use of endosulfan may be permitted for a total period of two years\". How do you react to this?We do not accept this argument. This powerful endocrine disruptor should not be used only for a silly reason like this. For the past several years, the ministry of agriculture has been claiming that endosulfan is a safe pesticide. Now, being a signatory to the Stockholm Convention and Rotterdam Convention, India is committed to discontinuing its use. The committee also said the \"disposal of the existing stocks of endosulfan in the existing incinerators may take long due to the limited capacity and the cost of disposal would be exorbitant to the tune of Rs 1,189 crore\". This is not true.Is there a mechanism to make available endosulfan inert or chemically neutral?Endodiol and endosulfan sulfate are the two main degradable products of this poison. Scientists at Kyungpook National University and School of Bio-resource Sciences, Andong National University, both in South Korea and University of California , have developed the technology of detoxifying endosulfan. The Supreme Court should direct the government of India take necessary action in this regard.Any alternative available?An ideal pesticide is the one which selectively kills the pest without harming human beings and animals. We do not have any pesticide which satisfies this definition. Therefore going back to the traditional methods of pest control such as using neem leaves and organic farming is the only solution. Biological control of pest is the best alternative to the chemical pesticides. For example, scientists from our horticulture department have developed several species of worms to control red-headed caterpillar, a pest destroying coconut trees. This is cheaper than chemical pesticide.We know about 6,000 in the population is affected in four taluks of DK district. How many such villages are there in Udupi district?According to the information received from KCDC, the aerial spray of endosulfan has taken place in Udupi, Kundapura and Kumta. We have list of 24 villages of Udupi, 50 villages of Kundapura and 29 villages of Moodbidri sub division. We have already found several children in these areas with symptoms similar to that of endosulfan toxicity. Only after the completion of the proposed survey, can we ascertain the exact position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17540280", "title": "Bid to revive militant days: Analysts", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena is cleverly using the issue of Bal Thackeray's 'samadhi' at Shivaji Park to revive its militant agenda. The Sena gameplan is to transport partymen back to the 1970s when Thackeray mixed his roughand-ready brand of politics with raw emotions to rule Mumbai, say political observers.Sainiks from Thane gathered at Shivaji Park on Saturday to \"protect\" the Thackeray 'samadhi' at Matoshree's behest, it is learnt. The strategy was neatly worked out with Eknath Shinde, the Sena boss in Thane, shortlisting select party workers througout Friday.The Thane Sena contingent reached the park amid talk of the BMC administration planning to demolish the temporary structure where the late Sena chief was cremated. Uddhav Thackeray is also keen on re-affirming its ties with Dadar, the Sena's one-time stronghold which the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena annexed in the 2012 BMC elections.\"The Sena has made matters difficult for the Maharashtra government. It may go into martyrdom mode and ask its followers to pour out on the streets of Mumbai if the civic administration razes the samadhi. The second option is worse for the ruling DF. If the structure is allowed to stay, the Sena will flaunt its 'victory' ,'' said a former civic chief.Party leader Sanjay Raut's statement that Sainiks would not allow the civic administration to pull down the Shivaji Park structure indicated Matoshree was set to take on the state government. Raut is the executive editor of Saamna and an Uddhav confidante. \"The 'samadhi' is a sacred monument for Balasaheb's admirers. There is no question of bringing it down. It is for the state government to break the stalemate,\" Raut said.\"The Sena has no other option but to hark back to its stormy days in an attempt to keep the party going. Also, the Sena has to re-affirm its credentials as major opposition party in state politics,'' said a senior state Congress functionary. Uddhav has also sent strong signals to party MLAs to take on the treasury benches during the winter session, say Vidhan Bhavan watchers. The session is slated to begin in Nagpur on December 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538752", "title": "Body found in Aishbagh", "text": "LUCKNOW: Body of an unidentified man was found from bushes around the railway ground in Aishbagh area on Saturday morning. Police suspect the man was killed and his body thrown in the isolated part of the ground opposite government printing press. Bazarkhala police said strangulation marks were found around the neck area of the deceased. \"The body might have been dumped in the area by assailants after the murder,\" said the police.The body was sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540892", "title": "Teacher takes Presidency College to court", "text": "KOLKATA: A senior teacher of Presidency College, who opted to stay on but was eliminated by the new university's selection panel, has taken the prized institution to court.Zoology teacher Rina Rani Roy has filed a suit in Calcutta high court, claiming she is a victim of \"injustice\" and that she had been eliminated without proper reason.When TOI contacted her, she refused to comment. \"The matter is in court. I wouldn't like to make any statement. However, it's true that I have taken the legal path to challenge recruitments in Presidency University,\" said Roy.According to sources in the university, Roy has more than seven years' work experience in Presidency College before which she had spent a couple of years in other government colleges. \"She holds a PhD and has several publications. Her work experience is sufficient to get her a job in Presidency University. Yet, she was denied the opportunity,\" said one of her senior colleagues.Roy was confident of making the cut since her qualifications were \"as good as or even better than those recruited for Presidency University\", said the colleague. \"When the final list was published, she was shocked to know that some teachers who were selected by the committee did not have PhDs and had fewer published papers. Hence, she chose to challenge the decision and has taken the university and a few candidates to court,\" said the source.Another source added that Roy feels that her interview was not done properly and no one in the interview board was an expert on her subject. \"Thus, she feels she was denied justice.\"Presidency authorities said they will take legal opinion on the case. \"There are a few RTI queries, too. Some people have sought CVs of all the applicants. This person is not even connected with the admission process. Moreover, some information sought in the RTI pleas is classified. Hence, we cannot reply to them. CVs or personal contact numbers cannot be given out. The ones that are relevant have been answered,\" said an official of the universityRoy should not have alleged that the selection committee did not have any subject expert, he said. \"The panel had Geeta Bali, the Science Congress general president and former vice-chancellor of Karnataka State Women's University. She was the chancellor's nominee,\" he pointed out.The other two subject experts on the panel were Sumantra Chatterjee from National Centre for Biological Sciences, Bangalore, and V Nagaraj from the department of microbiology and cell biology, Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, the official added.Presidency vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar said, \"Those who had opted to stay on were being screened for the post which they are now holding. They are not in competition with each other. The experts who were on the panel are renowned individuals. Hence, such allegations of bias are baseless.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17539883", "title": "BBMP on cleaning mission on Saturdays", "text": "BANGALORE: If the BBMP has its way, from now on Saturdays will be 'cleaning-the-city day'. The announcement came after BBMP commissioner Rajaneesh Goel and mayor D Venkatesh Murthy got a first-hand experience of how dirty some areas of the city were.Huge heaps of garbage welcomed them on Seppings Road, Thimmaiah Road, Broadway Road, near Shivajinagar, Tannery Road and Nagavara Main Road. Two days ago, the Palike had removed a market that had come up on footpath at Pulakeshi Nagar. The debris of the shops was seen dumped on the road even on Saturday.\"With the new garbage tenders coming in, we thought the garbage problem would get solved. But it's not working out as we thought. The pourakarmikas association is not supporting the new contractors. We will figure out how to make them work together,\" said Murthy.\"Being too strict on officials and scaring them is not my style of working. Intensive monitoring will help and we are at it. But the problems lies in the lack of proper urban planning for this city,\" said Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17544572", "title": "Sundeep to romance Nisha Aggarwal", "text": "Sundeep Kishan would soon share the screen space with Nisha Aggarwal in his next Telugu film. Debutante N Bose will wield the megaphone for this film, which is expected to be launched on December 12, 2012.The romantic entertainer will be jointly produced by Anand Ranga and Seshu Reddy and Achchu will provide the soundtrack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538712", "title": "Cyber space comes to the aid of alcoholics trying to kick habit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Planning to quit drinking? You may not have to go to a doctor for that. Now, get tips and participate in a self-help programme just at the click of a mouse.The e-portal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d www.alcoholwebindia.in \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has been jointly developed by the National Drug Dependence Treatment Centre (NDDTC), run by the AIIMS, and WHO, Geneva. The portal was launched on Saturday and has a web-based self-help programme for people who wish to reduce the use of alcohol or stop drinking.The director of AIIMS, Dr R C Deka said that this would enable users to assess their drinking pattern and check their drinking habit even without seeing a doctor or a counsellor. According to the Global Status Report (2011) published by WHO, the harmful use of alcohol results in approximately 2.5 million deaths per year \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that is 4% of deaths worldwide.A senior doctor said, \"The incidence of alcohol abuse among women, particularly those living in cities, is on the rise. Depression, anxiety, family history and interpersonal problems are some of the common reasons for this.\"Women who tend to drink, doctors say, are likely to suffer from hepatitis than men who drink the same amount of alcohol. This is because they weigh lesser, have lesser body water and lower levels of alcohol dehydrogenase enzymes resulting in a higher amount of alcohol in the systemic circulation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17539324", "title": "Zero-tolerance policy against eve-teasers", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Greater Noida police have decided to follow a zero-tolerance policy against those caught eve-teasing. As part of a drive against eve-teasers, plainclothesmen will move around the city to keep an eye out for any untoward incident. Anybody found teasing or molesting women will have to spend days behind bars, even if he is a first-time offender, the police have promised.They added that the drive will be carried out without any let-up to not only turn the heat on the law-breakers but also identify places most unsafe for women. In September, one person was killed and four were injured, two of them critically with gunshot wounds, when an instance of eve-teasing sparked off clashes between two groups in the Dadri area of Gautam Budh Nagar.Ashok Kumar Sharma, superintendent of police (rural), Gautam Budh Nagar, said, \"During the campaign, cops will keep a special vigil on girls' schools, colleges, coaching institutes, public places, malls and market areas.\" \"Our personnel will also be briefed on how to deal with such complaints as women have often said that policemen ignore their complaints,\" Sharma added. The drive against eve-teasing has been intensified following complaints about youths misbehaving with girls and women in public places, especially in the Dadri area.Promising to start \"sting operations\" to nab the hooligans, the SP said women cops in civvies would patrol streets and travel in buses used by students. Women cops accompanied by plainclothesmen have also been deployed at vulnerable points in the city and rural areas. Arvind Kumar, station officer of Dadri police station, exhorted the public to send their suggestions or complaints via emails at codadrioffice9@gmail.com or call 9871560084 in case any woman is in trouble, is being hounded by obscene calls, or being stalked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542109", "title": "Angelina donates $50,000 for Syrian refugee tents", "text": "Angelina Jolie, who is a United Nations Good Will Ambassador, and fiance Brad Pitt have donated $50,000 to buy tents for Syrian refugees. The actress is currently in the Middle East to create awareness about those suffering after having escaped Syria amid brutal fighting that is currently going on in the region between rebels and President Bashar Hafez al-Assad's government forces.Last week, Jolie attended an important meeting along with border officers in neighbouring Jordan where she applauded the country's officials for welcoming in refugees. \"The incredible compassion shown to these traumatised refugee families by the Jordanian border guards was extremely moving. Jordan has welcomed the refugees even though it has placed a huge burden on the country. The international community needs to show more solidarity and to support Jordan and the other countries in the region who continue to keep their borders open,\" said Jolie.After her meeting, the Salt actress headed to a refugee camp to interact with families who had fled their homeland. Post that, Jolie and Pitt decided to do their bit for people affected by the fighting and made a generous donation to help those survivors. An article posted on the UN Refugee Agency's website revealed Jolie and Pitt donated $50,000 towards the purchase of family tents for displaced Syrians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17540283", "title": "Non-banking firm office gutted in fire", "text": "BOKARO: The office of Remal Industries Limited, a non-banking financial company, at Jainamoad in Jaridih was gutted in a fire on Saturday. Though the actual loss has not yet been assessed, officials believe it could be in lakhs.Local people played an important role to control the flames till fire brigade reached the spot. It took more than an hour to douse the blaze completely. However, the firemen managed to save around Rs 8 lakh cash that was kept in the office. All office equipment, including airconditioner, computer, furniture and documents, were gutted.According to officer in charge of Jaridih police station Neeraj Kumar Singh, the fire broke out around 8am. On seeing the flames, the residents raised the alarm and poured water and sand to douse the flames. The office is situated in Jainamoad market and if the fire was not controlled, it could have engulfed the neighbouring shops and other establishments. The company officials or employees were not present at the time of the incident. Theysuspect shot circuit behind the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538938", "title": "SEC sends by-election schedule to panchayati raj department", "text": "LUCKNOW: The State Election Commission has sent the schedule or by-elections of block pramukh seats, which fell vacant in the state in last few months to the Panchayati Raj department for consideration.According to SEC officials, of 821 seats of block pramukh in the state, 92 fell vacant after block development committees passed no confidence against the incumbents. According to the schedule, the notification would be issued by the commission on December 20 followed by separate notification on December 21 by district magistrates of the districts where seats have fallen vacant. The date of filing nominations is December 26 and scrutiny of the nomination would be held on the same day. The nominations could be withdrawn on December 27. Polling would be held on December 28 and counting of votes would take place on the same day.Members of block development committee vote in the election of block pramukhs.tnn Often with the change of political party in power at the state level, the equations in the committee also change and no confidence motions are moved by the ruling party members against those who were elected during previous rule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543495", "title": "Therapy for muscular dystrophy patients closer to reality", "text": "In a new study, researchers have discovered the missing pieces to the puzzle surrounding muscular dystrophy that could ultimately lead to a therapy. Approximately 250,000 people in the United States suffer from muscular dystrophy, which occurs when damaged muscle tissue is replaced with fibrous, bony or fatty tissue and loses function. Three years ago, University of Missouri scientists found a molecular compound that is vital to curing the disease, but they didn't know how to make the compound bind to the muscle cells. Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD), predominantly affecting males, is the most common type of muscular dystrophy. Patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy have a gene mutation that disrupts the production of dystrophin, a protein essential for muscle cell survival and function. Absence of dystrophin starts a chain reaction that eventually leads to muscle cell degeneration and death. While dystrophin is vital for muscle development, the protein also needs several \"helpers\" to maintain the muscle tissue. One of these \"helper\" molecular compounds is nNOS, which produces nitric oxide that can keep muscle cells healthy after exercise. \"Dystrophin not only helps build muscle cells, it's also a key factor to attracting nNOS to the muscles cells and helping nNOS bind to the cell and help repair it following activity,\" Yi Lai, lead author of the study, said. \"Prior to this discovery, we didn't know how dystrophin made nNOS bind to the cells. What we found was that dystrophin has a special 'claw' that is used to grab nNOS and bring it close to the muscle cell. Now that we have that key, we hope to begin the process of developing a therapy for patients,\" Lai said. In their study, Lai and Duan found that two particular sections of the dystrophin gene must be present for nNOS to bind to the muscle cells. The sections of the gene, known as \"repeaters 16 and 17,\" contain a \"claw\" that can grab nNOS and bring it to the muscle cells so that it will bind and repair any damage from regular use. Without this \"claw,\" nNOS doesn't bind to the cells and the damage is not repaired, leading to further problems associated with muscular dystrophy. The other key to this puzzle is dystrophin. If the protein is not present in the body, no \"claw\" exists and nNOS would never make it to the muscle cells. For years, scientists have been attempting to find ways to make the body manufacture more dystrophin, and thus get more nNOS to the muscle cells. Duan and Lai said the answer might lie elsewhere. \"Everybody, including those individuals with muscular dystrophy, has another protein known as 'utrophin',\" Dongsheng Duan said. \"Utrophin is nearly identical to dystrophin except that it is missing repeaters 16 and 17, so it cannot attract nNOS to the muscle cells. In our study, we were able to modify utrophin so that it had the repeaters, and thus, the ability to grab nNOS and bring it to the muscle cells for repair. \"Our study was completed in mice; if we can do the same thing in larger animals, we could eventually have a significant therapy for humans with this devastating disease,\" Duan added. The study has been published in the Proceedings of the National Academies of Science .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17545042", "title": "Rewari-Jhajjar rail link to be operational in January 2013: Hooda", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rohtak MP, Deepender Singh Hooda today, said that Rewari-Jhajjar-Rohtak railway line would be functional from the first week of January, 2013.Hooda was speaking at a function organized to mark the birth anniversary of, Rao Tula Ram, an Ahir soldier who gave a tough time to the British during the freedom struggle, at Jhajjar today.He said that during the tenure of the present government, many railway projects have been initiated in the state and this railway line is a major project.Paying rich tributes to martyr Rao Tula Ram, he said that the Yadav community has always stood by the Congress party. It is the first time in the political history of Haryana that same party has formed the government twice. He said that whole life of Rao Tula Ram was an epic of fearlessness, austerity and sacrifice. He said that martyr Rao Tula Ram had made heroic contributions in the historical revolution of 1857.He said that in the last seven years under the able leadership of Haryana chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda , a new definition of development has been scripted in the state. Apart from infrastructural development, many other ambitious projects have been launched.Referring to Jhajjar, he said that in spite of being located near the national Capital, this area had remained backward due to political bias. He said that under the leadership of Bhupinder Singh Hooda, it is now becoming developed and recently, AIIMS-II has been started here.He said that alongwith industrial development, the dream of the people to have a railway line in the area would be realised. He said that it is a big achievement not only for this region but also for the entire state. In the days to come, the development of Jhajjar would be at par with other major cities like Gurgaon, he added.Speaking on the occasion, Haryana education minister, Geeta Bhukkal, applauded the logical arguments put forth by Deepender Singh Hooda on the issue of FDI in Lok Sabha two days ago. She also paid tributes to martyr Rao Tula Ram.Chief parliamentary secretary, Rao Daan Singh also spoke on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow ", "code": "17538918", "title": "Dog show at Police Lines begins today", "text": "LUCKNOW : Canine Practitioners' Club is organising its annual dog show at Reserve Police Lines on Sunday from 10.00 a.m. Alok Ranjan, agriculture production commissioner will inaugurate the show while Rajiv Agarwal, vice-chairman, LDA, will give away prizes to the winners. About 300 dogs of 36 breeds are expected to take part in the show.Another cafe cum food joint was added to the growing list of Lucknow's gastro delight hangouts as India's first master chef Pankaj Bhadouria offered Lucknow a sample of first ever food destination -Tramp Tree Cafe, a European style cafe where one can expect not onlygood coffee but also excellent food as well. The menu includes delicacies from all around the world.The cafe, situated in Raja Ram Kumar Plaza, Hazratganj, was inaugurated by 40 'Little chefs' from the Academy Bhadauria runs. This included, Aditi, the daughter of UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav .These little children between the age group of 6-14 are students at the Pankaj Bhadouria Culinary Academy.Silver jubilee celebrated: Cancer Aid Society celebrated its silver jubilee on Saturday. The society has got special consultative status with the United Nations Economic Council. A special cover was released at GPO by chief post master to commemorate the event.Fine recovered: Railways recovered more than Rs 1 lakh as fine from ticketless travellers during the drive against ticketless travellers. The ticket checking drive was conducted on Gomtinagar and Sitapur sections on Friday. Ticketless passengers were caught travelling in trains 15313 Aishbagh-Bareilly Express, 15308 Aishbagh-Bareilly Nainital Express, 11016 Kushinagar Express, 19037 Awadh Express, 13020 Bagh Express, 55242 Aishbagh-Mailani passenger and 52244 Aishbagh-Sitapur passenger.As many as 308 passengers were caught travelling without tickets and with unbooked luggage. More than Rs 1 lakh (1,66,405) was recovered from the defaulters. Fine was also imposed on MST holders travelling in reserved coaches. At least five persons were sent to jail for not paying the fine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17540383", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority acts tough against illegal layouts", "text": "DHARWAD: Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority (HDUDA) which is up in arms against the illegal land developers has set up a task force to identify illegal layouts and demolish illegal structures that have come up in the twin cities.The task force comprises officials from revenue, police and HDUDA. It has been empowered to attach illegal layouts and develop them as sites for economically weaker sections (EWS). Assistant Commissioner will be the head of the task force.HDUDA chairman Lingaraj Patil who paid a surprise visit on Saturday to two layouts that have allegedly come up illegally in Dharwad told reporters that time and again the HDUDA has been conducting raids on the illegal layouts as the general power of attorney (GPA) holders were not following the HDUDA guidelines before developing the land into layouts. A few GPA holders who have constructed layouts illegally have been penalised and then have been allowed to convert their land into NA. Around 40 per cent of them have still not approached the HDUDA and have paid penalty. Hence, the illegal layout land would be attached to the HDUDA soon, he said.Patil said, the people before purchasing sites should verify whether the layout is approved by the HDUDA, failing which they will lose their land to the HDUDA.On Saturday, HDUDA officials conducted raid on two illegal layouts that have come up at Hosayellapur one belonging to Asha Balsingh and another to Shrikanth Deshpande on six acre land each. \"Both, without obtaining NA certificate have already designed layouts and have installed marking stones. The HDUDA has seized the marking stones and has issued notice to them\" Patil said. Interestingly, in the land belonging to Shrikanth Deshpande, already 20 plots have been sold and a temporary shed constructed. The HDUDA demolished the temporary shed and issued notice to the owner to follow the guidelines. \"If the owners neglect the notice and sell the lands, their property would be attached\" Patil warned.The task force meeting will be held on December 15 where measures to seize the documents possessed by the illegal layout owners would be decided.The HDUDA has embarked on a new scheme wherein the farmers willing to sell their land can approach the HDUDA and they will be made the stakeholders of the land. The HDUDA will purchase their land and those donating would be made 40 per cent stakeholders,Patil replied to a query.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543442", "title": "Sudeep completes Bachchan", "text": "Sudeep, the menacing villain in Naan E has completed the talkie portions of his upcoming Kannada film Bachchan , in which he plays the lead opposite the Asal actress Bhavana.The Kannada Superstar's film is directed by Shashank. But the shoot for three songs is yet to be completed, which will be done after December 20. All the three songs will have Sudeep in it and the delay is said to be because of the locations, which the crew hasn't decided on.Hari Krishna scores the music for the film. Bhavana, Parul Yadav and Bollywood actress Tulip Joshi will join the sets for a dance shoot. The film also has Nasser, Ravishankar and Ashish Vidyarthi playing negative roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17539947", "title": "Two killed, one hurt in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: Two of the three men riding on a bike were killed while the other was seriously injured after their bike skidded on Wardha Road under the jurisdiction of Butibori police station area on Friday midnight.Sadanand Ingle (35) and Sandeep Tikkar (23), the two who died, were employees of a petrol pump near Butibori while the injured Chandrashekar Ingole (35) is the manager. Police said that the trio was heading home at Temburna village when suddenly Ingle, who was driving the bike, lost control and it skidded.Ingle succumbed to his head injuries on the spot while Tikkar breathed his last while he was being taken to a nearby private hospital. Butibori police have registered the case. None of the three were wearing a helmet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17541003", "title": "Lagadapati harps on second States Reorganisation Commission", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In a controversial remark, MP Lagadapati Rajagopal said that the Congress would back a second States Reorganisation Commission (SRC) option on the Telangana issue at the all-party meeting on December 28.Speaking to reporters here on Saturday, Rajagopal said the Congress could not change its stance on the issue as the SRC option was cleared by the Congress Working Committee (CWC).\"The CWC had to meet again and make amendments to the previous resolution if at all it wants to dump the SRC option. Since there was no move either to convene the CWC or change the previous resolution, the party representative at the allparty meeting would tell the home minister that Congress party would back the second SRC as the best option to resolve the Telangana issue,\" Rajagopal said.He, however, observed that the bifurcation was also possible if all the major political parties in the state favoured the split. Referring to a private survey, Rajagopal said Congress, TDP and YSRC would win about 270 of the 294 assembly seats in the state in the next elections leaving only 24 to those favouring the bifurcation. He said this was an indication that most people in AP were not in favour of the split.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17540263", "title": "Thanjavur's rare art grabs eyeballs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An antique art and the artist who keeps it alive has been exhibiting one of his century-old paintings, made by his forefathers, at the 4th national craft mela, being held at Kalagram in the city.Loganathan Chettiar has brought the Thanjavur paintings to the fair and one of his pieces, kept only to attract curious visitors, is that of lord Vishnu made by his grandfather and father around 100 years ago. The Tamil Nadu artist says he has preserved paintings about 300-year-old at his native town.Chettiar says the intricate art requires a lot of concentration. \"We use 24 carat gold in these paintings and it takes a month to complete a six feet long painting with six artists working on it. I have never sold the works of my forefathers who had preserved this art form for centuries,\" said Chettiar. His stall at the fair has many Thanjavur paintings on sale for visitors.A prominent characteristic of Chettiar's art is that these paintings never fade with time and stay as new even ages after.Sector 8 Resident Jagmeet Singh says the mere sight of a Thanjavur painting attracts him because of its detailed beauty. \"I could not believe it was 100 years old,\" says Sector 34 resident Rajinder Sharma, after seeing the lord Vishnu painting on exhibit.Sector 41 resident Jyoti Thapar says it is difficult to choose the best among Chettiar's Thanjavur paintings as each of these are beautiful in their own way. \"Various gods and goddesses in this art form as visual delight,\" she added.Classical FormThanjavur painting is a classical south Indian painting form from Tamil Nadu. The art form dates back to about 1600 AD, a period when the Nayakas of Thanjavur encouraged art. These paintings are known for their surface richness, vivid colors and compact composition. Essentially serving as devotional icons, the subjects of most paintings are Hindu gods, goddesses, and saints", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542762", "title": "Peter Andre cancels gigs to be with brother", "text": "Peter Andre has postponed the rest of his UK tour to be by his cancer-stricken brother's bedside, who has been given two days to live.The 39-year-old singer heard the news while preparing for Friday night's gig in Cardiff .The 'Mysterious Girl' hitmaker agreed to perform but all other dates between now and Christmas - including Saturday's Liverpool show - will be rearranged for the New Year, the Sun reported.His brother Andrew had been responding well to treatment but his health worsened last month.Andre's family are flying from Australia to be at his side in a London hospital.\"Peter loves his fans and is loathe to let them down but he is sure they will understand,\" a source said.Peter's spokesman said: \"He is in bits. This has come as a big shock.\"\"His brother Andrew's health has taken a turn for the worse and Peter has made the decision to be with him and his family at this time.\"Fortunately it has been possible to reschedule the five remaining 2012 dates on the Up Close and Personal Tour to take place following his pre-existing shows in January 2013,\" the spokesman added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17539275", "title": "Major IMFL haul near Godhra", "text": "VADODARA: A large haul of Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) was made by Panchmahal police on Lunawada-Godhra Highway near Godhra on Saturday evening. The entire lot of over 2,000 crates comprised of 'quarter' bottles. The seizure was made on the basis of a tip-off. A hard top truck was stopped near Chhabanpur located about eight kilometre from Godhra. Panchmahal deputy superintendent of police V J Jadeja said 2,030 crates of IMFL were found in the truck. Each crate has 48 'quarter' bottles of liquor.Jadeja said the driver of the truck had absconded and the cleaner knew little about the stock. The cleaner was picked up by the driver on his way to Gujarat and did not know about the consignment. Jadeja added that while the exact destination of the stock was not known, it was evident that it was for Gujarat. He added that the stock was valued at around Rs 72,000 and the seized truck at around Rs 20 lakh. tnnPanchmahal police have been exercising vigil on highways as the district is a major transit point for IMFL. The election officials have also asked the police to remain alert on this front and ensure no liquor enters the state in wake of the polls.On Thursday, too, a major stock of IMFL was seized on the same highway by the police. It was valued at around Rs 70 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543097", "title": "Mounaguru director has a thing for bikes", "text": "Here's a different way of getting an idea for a film script.Whenever director Shanthakumar (who directed Moungaruru ) runs short of ideas, he hops on to his bike. And once he starts biking around, he starts developing interesting twits and turns to the script in his mind. The director is known to have a passion for biking but using a bike for developing a script is not something that we hear often.Shanthakumar has already covered nearly 2,500 kms on his bike in little more than 24 hours. If Shanthakumar had developed the script of Mounaguru in a similar fashion, then we too advocate this idea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17539547", "title": "Kidnapped girl returns home safe", "text": "RAIPUR: The 12-year-old girl who was kidnapped while returning home from school was abandoned in the wee hours on Saturday.\"Class VI student Khushbu Kukreja, daughter of electronic goods trader Deepak Kukreja, was kidnapped on Friday evening from Shyam Nagar and was later dropped by the unidentified people in Dudhdhari Math area at around 2am,\" said additional superintendent of police I H Khan.The girl told police that her captors tied a black cloth around her eyes and roamed around the city before abandoning her early in the morning. It is said that there were four persons in the car out of which two were arrested.The girl contacted her parents with help from residents of Dudhadhari locality. \"We have identified the kidnappers, based on the description given by some witnesses,\" Khan said, adding that they will be caught soon. Cops were unable to offer any comments on further calls from the kidnappers about the ransom.The girl was picked up by unidentified people on Friday in a speeding vehicle from outside her house. The incident created a panic in the society", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17543081", "title": "BEST conductor attempt to save life goes in vain", "text": "MUMBAI: A BEST conductor tried to save the life of a bus passenger early this morning, but the latter however died after being admitted to a hospital.According to officials, the passenger, identified as Ramsagar Sureshprasad Singh(68), had boarded a bus from Mulund at around 7.30 am. The bus, No. 422 was ferrying passengers from Mulund to Bandra. When it reached Bhandup at 7.45am, the conductor noticed that the passenger was feeling uneasy.\"Our conductor saw that the man was unconscious. Seeing a police wireless van, the conductor asked the driver to stop the bus and got in touch with the cops, who volunteered to take the man to hospital.\" said public relations officer, Virendra Bagul.It is learnt that the conductor himself accompanied Singh to Agarwal hospital in Mulund. Singh was admitted at around 8 am, but the doctors declared him dead. He had suffered a cardiac arrest, the officials said.The conductor had also informed the BEST control room following which a few senior officials from the transport body rushed to the hospital. This is the second such incident wherein a conductor tried to save the life of a passenger. A few months back, another conductor had noticed a commuter in an unconscious condition and had asked the driver to take a detour to the nearest hospital in Kurla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538925", "title": "16 buildings, including BBD, flouting LDA norms", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 16 major commercial establishments on Faizabad Road, including the one promoted by Bahujan Samaj Party's national general secretary Dr Akhilesh Das Gupta-Babu Banarsi Das (BBD) Engineering College-came under Lucknow Development Authority (LDA)'s scanner on Saturday for flouting construction norms.LDA issued a notice directing owners and developers of these establishments to submit all relevant documents pertaining to property's registry, khasra khatauni, mutation, key-plan and maps along with the advance token money as 25% of the compounding fee by December 11, failing which their constructions would be either sealed or demolished.Besides BBD, the list includes Shri Mohan Apartment, SRMCEM College, Anand Motors, Talwar Motors, Kanpur Tractors Ltd, Nissan Motors, R.K. Engineering College, MRF Tyres, Speed Motors, Sunny Toyota, Goel City Complex, BBD College, Saroj Agarwal and Raja Agarwal, Saraswati Dental College, Shri Ram Swaroop Memorial and RBN School.The authority has also maintains there are 31 such structures on Faizabad Road which are unauthorised but most of them have already submitted 25 per cent of the compounding amount as the token money in first phase of the drive. Their compounded maps are being examined by the LDA right now while the remaining 16 buildings have been issued notice to deposit the compounding fee and maps by December 11.The Faizabad Road stretch includes some renowned educational institutes, multi-storeyed residential buildings, commercial setups and car showrooms. The authority claims that these establishments, constructed on either side of the highway, have either been constructed on maps sanctioned by the zila panchayat or against the map approved by the LDA.The structures were built long time back but nobody questioned their existence. It is only since the past few months that the authority has become vigilant. Officials said there is a tussle between the authority and the zila panchayat over map sanctioning powers. Samajwadi Party leader and minister in charge of Lucknow Shivpal Yadav had held a meeting with high officials of LDA and zila panchayat to decide on the approving authority for maps.The authority is maintaining that the power to approve any map lies solely with them and not with zila panchayat. \"Property of anyone who got his map approved by the local panchayat would be considered illegal\", claimed an official. The authority has announced that it would complete examining compounding maps in due time and has warned that if owners of these buildings don't abide by the law and fail to submit money before the deadline, the compounding fee deposited as token money would be forfeited.An LDA official said, \"Our survey has been already running for the past three-four months to hunt for structures that have been set up on maps approved by the local panchayats. These are illegal as per building bylaws. The power to sanction a map lies only with us as per the UP Urban Planning and Development Act.\"The authority also claimed it had sent several letters to the zila panchayat office to furnish reasons for sanctioning maps of areas which lie under their jurisdiction but there has been no reply so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17539843", "title": "Defence might, spirit of adventure on display", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The first day of the Army Mela organized at Pangode military camp here saw hundreds of visitors on Saturday. The mela is aimed at making youngsters aware of the functioning of the defence wings and promoting in them a spirit of adventure.The mela, which returned to city after a gap of four years, includes a display of weapons like the BMP tanks, Bofors guns, radars, anti-tank missiles and grenade launchers and communication equipment. The arms on display included parachute motor display, guns, small carbine, light machine guns, micro UZIs and INSAS rifles while the armoury included the most-modern T-90 'Bhishma' tank, T-72 M1 Ajeya tank and ATGM unified launcher.It was the M4 A1 carbine rifle that was used successfully by the paramilitary force during the 2008 Mumbai terror attack that took the cake at the display. \"The US-made rifle weighing 2.7 kg and has a magazine capacity of 30 rounds and a rate of fire of 700-970 RDS/minute was the star weapon in the Mumbai counter-terror attack. The light weight and sharpness allow the gunner to make swift movements and fire perfectly,\" Havildar Manoj TV was heard explaining to young visitors to the mela.It was also an occasion for the public to have a glimpse of the skills of defence personnel in motorcycle stunts, skydiving, slithering and martial arts. Band displays and dog and horse shows were also organized.However, it was the Shwet Ashwa, a motorcycle display team of the Corps of Military Police, that stole the show on the day. The 31-member team performed over 50 deadly acrobatic stunts with precision including the dangerous ones like scissor-crossing, criss-crossing, parallel crossing, 'V' crossing, ladder march, sudarsana chakra, bar exercise and side balancing.Drills by the canine wing of the army was another eye-stealing performance, which got a big round of applause. The mela will culminate on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "haveri (karnataka)", "code": "17543905", "title": "Yeddyurappa formally launches Karnataka Janata Party, dares BJP to dissolve assembly", "text": "HAVERI (KARNATAKA): Opening a new chapter in Karnataka politics, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa formally launched Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) on Sunday and took over as its president at a massive rally here in North Karnataka.In a potential sign of trouble for the BJP government in the state, at least 10 ruling party MLAs attended the rally ignoring the party warnings to legislators and other leaders to keep away from it.Prior to the launch, Yeddyurappa also hosted a breakfast meeting which was attended by at least 21 BJP MLAs, seven MLCs and four Lok Sabha MPs.Ahead of the launch of KJP, chief minister Jagadish Shettar had on Saturday cracked the whip sacking cooperative minister BJ Puttaswamy, a loyalist of Yeddyurappa, from the cabinet with BJP also suspending another staunch supporter and Tumkur MP GS Basavaraj from the party. Both were issued show cause notices.Talking to reporters before the rally, Yeddyurappa dared the BJP leadership to dissolve the assembly and go before the people.Yeddyurappa said BJP should understand that the Shettar government survived on the support of his loyalists.\"If they (BJP) want the continuance of this government, which is nothing but a KJP-BJP coalition, they should desist from taking any disciplinary action against my supporters,\" he said.The action against Yeddyurappa's supporters on Saturday came a day after 23 legislators and seven ministers attended the breakfast meet hosted by him in Belgaum, in an expression of solidarity with the Lingayat strongman who quit the BJP on November 30, snapping his 40-year-association with the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lalgarh", "code": "17540987", "title": "Cong seeks new 'poribartan' as poll season nears", "text": "LALGARH: Barely a day after the two parties crossed swords on retail FDI in Parliament, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Saturday gave the call in Lalgarh for bringing about yet another 'poribartan' in Bengal, making it clear that any possibility of a rapprochement between Congress and Trinamool Congress is a far cry.Taking a dig at Trinamool for calling UPA-II a \"minority government\", Ramesh reminded Mamata's party that it was the same government that has sanctioned 55,000km road construction for the three districts of Jangalmahal - West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia - in just a year. Governments have not been able to match this in the last 12 years, he said at a public meeting in the one-time Maoist stronghold. Also, the Centre has released Rs 2,700 crore for Bengal so far for payments to land labourers under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Act, he said.Ramesh held that Trinamool may have the 'josh' (rabble rousing) required in street politics but lacks the 'hosh' (brain) to run a government. \"We will reach out to the people and appeal to them to give a chance to Congress this time when they have seen the CPM and Trinamool,\" he said.Referring to his meeting at Lalgarh some months ago, he remarked, \"I had said then that the Congress has not taken political VRS in Bengal. Today, I would say that the Congress has got a fresh lease of life after Trinamool left us.\"To eliminate \"middlemen\" - a reference to the state government and panchayats - the Centre will transfer funds for student scholarship, widow pension and old-age pension to the beneficiaries' bank or post office accounts from January next year, he said.Ramesh's Bengal colleagues - Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury and Deepa Das Munshi - went ballistic against the Mamata government. Adhir described the Trinamool administration as \"old wine in a new bottle\" that has only \"decentralised corruption\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17540407", "title": "Art, dance lessons attract many", "text": "LUDHIANA: A five-day training workshop kicked-off at Miller Ganj in a city-based dance studio on Saturday.The workshop includes a variety of crash courses on dancing, singing, modelling, art, chocolate-making for city residents.Day 1 witnessed participation of more than 50 people coming from all age groups to learn various art forms by a team of seven specially trained professionals.Under the dance category, skippers from Mumbai and Delhi will be teaching enthusiasts dance forms like slow motion, pesto double, salsa, hip hop, contemporary and B-booing, among others.Sumit Sharma, 22, a resident of Fieldganj, said, \"I've always had a passion for dancing and I'm here to learn lyrical hip-hop. The experts here are really well-versed with the dance forms and I plan to make the most of this opportunity.\" Best friends, Sakshi and Shikha of Model Town are also attending the workshop to learn Rajwara mirror work and glass embossing. \"We are planning to make the most out of these five days and will also try to learn new art forms.\" Organizer Mikky Ahluwalia of Vishwakarma Chowk, said, \"We aim to provide a common platform for people to learn various art forms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17539533", "title": "India, Pak need fresh ideas to heal historical wounds: Analysts", "text": "NEW DELHI: India and Pakistan need fresh ideas for solutions to festering wounds of history, analysts stressed at a two-day conference as part of Times of India and Pakistan's Jang group's Aman Ki Asha initiative this week. The analysts called on the two countries to move forward on areas of synergy than being stuck on disputes.Indian analysts flagged the need for Islamabad to prosecute the 26/11 perpetrators while maintaining that the time was not ripe for Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to visit Pakistan. They said the Mumbai attack was not \"yet another terrorist attack\" and had left a deep scar on the Indian psyche.Experts from both sides, including retired diplomats and former generals, discussed ways to move forward on core areas of dispute \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Sir Creek, Siachen and Kashmir.On Sir Creek, retired officials, who have formerly been key interlocutors for both the sides, came up with a roadmap for solving the dispute. The experts pointed out that a joint survey carried out in 2007 was \"a very successful effort in coordination and working at the professional level\".They agreed that Sir Creek was \"not an intractable dispute\". While spelling out a step-by-step approach to its resolution, they urged the two governments to create a maritime park, or a zone of disengagement where fishermen from both sides can freely fish to paper over areas where they fail to find agreeable borders.On Siachen, a sub-committee drew up a detailed roadmap that they said was \"doable\". They said both sides should agree to withdraw from the conflict area \"while retaining the option of punitive action should the other side renege on the commitments\".They called for the setting up of a \"joint civilian commission\" to delineate the line beyond NJ 9842, the northern point of the Line of Control and beyond which is Siachen. They suggested that the two sides could agree to disengagement and demilitarization according to a timeframe and establishment of a joint scientific centre to study environmental issues. They also called for joint management of the demilitarized zone.The session on Kashmir saw the complex realities of history and bitterness of the past boiling over, with stark difference of opinion marking the consultations. However, with the understanding to move forward to find a solution, the participants called for an in-depth Kashmir conference to discuss all its socio-political and economic aspects. Participants of the conference should be from civil society of India, Pakistan and Kashmir, they agreed. \"Ideally, this conference will be held in Srinagar and Muzaffarabad, with the inaugural session in one city and concluding in the other,\" a joint statement said. Participating in a televised discussion in the concluding part, eminent personalities from both sides agreed that the two countries need to find common ground to move forward than wait for thorny issues to be resolved.Former foreign secretary Shyam Saran said India and Pakistan need to draw lessons from the experience of southeast Asia and other regions of the world where economics has trumped historic divides and free trade regions have brought countries together. Former cabinet secretary Naresh Chandra echoed Saran, while calling for a new approach.Both the Indian experts cautioned that without Pakistan taking effective steps against 26/11 perpetrators, India may not be convinced about Islamabad's commitment to lasting peace. Former Pakistan high commissioner to India Shahid Malik said both sides need to move faster on the outstanding issues, while agreeing with the argument that the two countries cannot make their people hostages to disputes. Renowned Pakistani journalist Najam Sethi said track II efforts such as Aman Ki Asha need to focus on out-of-the box thinking, and wouldn't serve any purpose if official arguments are repeated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17544861", "title": "Sugar commissionerate receives payment proposals of 25 factories", "text": "PUNE: About 25 sugar factories in the state have submitted their proposals about the final sugarcane purchase price to be paid to farmers for the season 2011-12. The proposals have been submitted to the state sugar commissionerate.The remaining three factories, which are yet to submit their proposals have been asked to participate in a meeting on December 18 at the city based headquarter for deciding the delayed payment of sugar-cane cultivators. This will eventually benefit the farmers as they would get their pending dues. Earlier, in some cases, farmers had to wait for couple of years to get their complete payment.About 44 sugar factories in the state have not paid the sugarcane purchase first installment, which was decided by the state government and farmers' organizations last year. The first installment slab was Rs 2,050, Rs 1,850 and Rs 1,800 per tonne as per regions and sugar recovery rate per tonne.Except for 44 sugar factories which are facing severe financial crisis, most others have paid their dues to farmers. A farmers delegation of Sangli and Satara which met Sunil Pawar, director(finance), sugar commissionerate has said that many of the 44 sugar factories have not paid their earlier dues as well. The administration should take strong action against the factories and recover the pending amount of farmers.Sanjay Kole, state unit of youth wing of Shetkari Sanghatna and Sangli district chief Sheetal Rajoba, along with 30 farmers met officials of the sugar commissionerate recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17540623", "title": "Arvalem man gets 2 months jail for biting relative's thumb", "text": "PANAJI: A 48-year-old man from Arvalem in Sanquelim, accused of biting his relative's thumb, was sentenced to two months in jail by a local court in Bicholim recently.Rejecting the man's defence that he could not have bitten his relative's thumb as he did not have front teeth, the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) court directed him to pay a fine of 1,000.Dyaneshwar Pednekar was ordered to undergo simple imprisonment for \"causing injury\" to Bharat Pednekar at Arvalem on November 11, 2010. The prosecution alleged that Dyaneshwar wrongfully restrained Bharat, bit him and abused him with filthy words.While convicting the accused, judge Shilpa S Pandit observed: \"It is pertinent to note that to inflict the bite injury it is not necessary that the person giving the bite should necessarily have the front teeth. It is also not in the evidence of the medical officer that the bite injury was caused with the front teeth.\" The court held that considering the evidence on record, the prosecution has proved the case against the accused.The court then convicted Dyaneshwar under IPC Sections 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means), 341(wrongful restraint) and 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace) and directed him to undergo one month simple imprisonment each under IPC Sections 341 and 504. On both counts he has to also pay a fine of 500 each.The sentences will run concurrently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17539837", "title": "Drug row ends in daylight murder", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Two men invited a 23-year-old student for talks to solve a row, and hacked him to death at Thumba on Saturday.Identifying the deceased as Anand of Pangappara, police expressed doubt that he could be a victim of a war between gangs of drug users.Two youths-Subhash and Shibu-were taken into custody in connection with the murder. Both of them were local residents, known to the slain youth, police said.\"It has been suspected that the duo attacked Anand on some issues related to drug smuggling. Anand is a student of the Government Polytechnic College in Nedumangad. We are interrogating the duo to ascertain whether there were any other reasons behind the attack,\" said A Pramod Kumar, circle inspector of medical college police.The incident came to light when local residents found Anand lying in a pool of blood near the railway track at Poundukadavu. They rushed him to a city hospital, where the doctors announced him 'dead on arrival.'Police said the locals found Anand much later after he had been attacked. The man reached Poundukadavu after the duo invited him to settle some issues, suspected to be regarding drug peddling. He arrived near at the schedule spot on a motorbike, and walked up to the duo after parking the vehicle, police said.A verbal duel followed, and in the melee that ensued, Subhash and Shibu allegedly pulled out hidden weapons and hacked him around 4.30 pm, and fled the scene.Police sources said Anand had been part of a drug peddling gang and had undergone de-addiction treatment. But, there were some issues between him and the two in custody related to the sale of ganja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17540705", "title": "Traffic diversions at Green Park", "text": "KANPUR: The traffic department on Saturday announced for traffic diversion for the singing of National Anthem 'Jan Gan Man' by people in Green Park Stadium. The event has been organised by Parivartan, an NGO to establish a Guinness World Record .SP traffic MR Singh said that all vehicles coming from Company Bagh crossing towards Green Park Stadium will be diverted through Stock Exchange crossing to reach Huddard School crossing for proceeding towards Mall Road.The light vehicles coming from Company Bagh crossing towards stadium will be diverted through Merchants' Chamber tri-section, to reach Lal Imli crossing and beyond. From Stock Exchange building, vehicles will not be allowed to go towards Mall Road. Vehicles coming from Mall Road and Sarsaiyya ghat crossing will be diverted through Chetna crossing and Bada Chauraha to reach the respective destinations.From Sarsaiyya Ghat crossing, four-wheelers will be diverted via Meghdoot trisection to reach Mall Road.From Bada Chauraha there will be no vehicular movement towards Chetna crossing. Similar restrictions will remain between Bada Chauraha-Chetna Crossing and VIP Road. The vehicles coming towards Sarsaiyya Ghat will not be able to go back. From stock exchange crossing, traffic restrictions will remain in place till Mall Road.The traffic department has also made parking arrangements. Two and four-wheelers can be parked between Stock Exchange crossing and Parmat crossing.Buses can be parked between Merchant Chamber and Lal Imli crossing. Vehicles can be parked between Stock Exchange crossing and Huddard School crossing. Two-wheelers can be parked on both sides of Sarsaiyya Ghat Road. Another parking arrangement for four-wheelers had been made between Chetna crossing and JNK College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17538748", "title": "Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17539523", "title": "12-12-12 fever grips city", "text": "RAIPUR: Plato, the classical Greek philosopher and mathematician once said, \"A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.\" But that was in the fifth century. In this 21st century numbers do matter and the date 12/12/12 is one such day when a lot is happening.From couples tying the knot to expectant mothers planning their deliveries on this 'magical day' lot is being planned for this special day. Incidentally, 12/12/12 is also the last of the repeating dates until January 1, 2101. And for those who really believe in numbers and not Plato the time 12.12 pm on that day will offer a whopping six repeats- 12/12/12 12:12:12.Renu and Satish (names changed on request), who are getting married at a city up market hotel, postponed their wedding by four months to be able to tie the nuptial knot on 12/12/12. Talking to TOI a relative of the groom said, \"The couple decided on their own to postpone the marriage and the families had no objections to it.\" He admitted that both families, who have businesses, are strong believers of astrology and numerology.According to hotel-owners in the city, most of the popular venues, including Golden Tulip, Oberoi Gulshan and Babylon International, are booked for weddings on that day. \"There is a rush of weddings on 12/12/12,\" said Gagan Arora, owner of Golden Tulip, admitting that he believed there was nothing auspicious about the day.Wedding planners Bhavya Bharat and Taranjeet Singh agree with Arora. \"Young couples are excited about the day more for fun rather than a belief. They want to make their weddings memorable and unique,\" Taranjeet said adding that he had a wedding planned for the day as well.Renowned numerologist, P Khurana, said number '12' is considered the number of completeness, as reflected in 12 months in 12 signs of the zodiac, 12 hours of the clock, 12 tribes of Israel, 12 Apostles of Jesus, 12 gods of Olympus, etc. Number one represents sun and two moon and their combination is name, fame and peace in life.City based astrologer, Bal Murty Agarwal, said the position of planets on the day is good. He said this was not because of any particular reason but by chance and the position of the stars in not harmful for any zodiac. \"The only importance of the day is that is comes once in 100 years and this would be the last combination of same date, month and year in this era,\" he said.Priyasharan Tripathi, another astrologer said some couples have planned their weddings on the day also because there is no auspicious 'mahurat' after December 14.Like couples, some mothers in the city are eager to have their babies on the unique combination of numbers. According to Dr Neeraj Pahalajani, five deliveries, including three cesareans, are scheduled for the day. She said an expectant mother who's normal delivery in scheduled for December 11 has been prodding her to shift it to 12/12/12.Renu and Satish (names changed on request), who are getting married at a city up market hotel, postponed their wedding by four months to be able to tie the nuptial knot on 12/12/12.Talking to TOI a relative of the groom said, \"The couple decided on their own to postpone the marriage and the families had no objections to it.\" He admitted that both families, who have businesses, are strong believers of astrology and numerology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17539987", "title": "Marriage of minor girl stopped in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The police and social welfare department officials stopped the marriage of a minor girl a day before it was scheduled to take place near Madurai.The police have booked cases against the parents of the girl as well as the groom and are interrogating them. The officials have stopped more than a dozen minor marriages in Madurai this year. The marriages were planned by the parents, most of them villagers from poor financial backgrounds, despite strict warnings from the district administration.Police said the girl, studying in 10th standard, was the daughter of Subburaj from Saakkilipatti village near Thirunagar. Subburaj wanted to marry off his daughter and made the arrangements for the wedding with Suresh, 18, an auto driver who happed to be their relative.Subburaj had printed invitations and had distributed them to all his relatives inviting them for the event at a community hall in Saakkilipatti on Sunday. While everything was set, the social welfare officials received a tip-off about the marriage. The officials sought the help of the police in Austinpatti station and visited the house of Subburaj. Though Subburaj initially denied that the girl was a minor, he later admitted that she was aged 15 when the officials demanded her birth certificate. After a stern warning, Subburaj and the groom's family agreed to stop the marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542542", "title": "Me and Posh fight like sisters: Mel B", "text": "Mel B has revealed that she is constantly fighting and falling out with former bandmate Victoria Beckham , but they always manage to patch up their differences.After their clashes when the Spice Girls were conquering the world, it appeared tensions were still simmering when Melanie Brown and Posh came together this year for the launch of the band's 'Viva Forever' musical.All eyes were on the two as they posed at either end of the line-up with the other girls as a buffer between them.\"We were the book-ends, weren't we? Victoria was one end and I was at the other,\" the Mirror quoted Mel B as sayingBut in an exclusive chat, the 37-year-old now laughs off any -thought of problems as the girls prepare to reunite for the -official opening of Viva Forever at the Piccadilly Theatre on Tuesday.\"You know what? Me and -Victoria are fine now,\" she said.\"It's like any relationship with her and me. We fight, we argue, we make up... it's always been like that. It's been like that with all five of us over the years.\"I've had punch-ups with Mel C in the past. But we have unconditional love for each other under-neath it all.\"Obviously there's been stories saying some of us hate each other and there are fall-outs. But we're like sisters.\"You know, we go through ups and downs and sometimes we might be p****d off but at the end of the day we're there for each other.\"We might not speak for a week or so but then we get back on Skype and sort our s**t out. It's all nice right now. But the five of us definitely have been through it over the years,\" she added. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17539116", "title": "Karnataka CM Jagadish Shettar writes to PM to to keep in abeyance decision of the Cauvery Monitoring Committee", "text": "BANGALORE: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Saturday asked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to keep in abeyance the \"burdensome'' decision of the Cauvery Monitoring Committee (CMC) to give 12 tmc ft of water to Tamil Nadu this month. In a letter written to the PM, Shettar asked: \"When the state is running short of water, how can we be directed to ensure 12 tmc ft of water to Tamil Nadu?''The CM said the recent directive of CMC on water release was twice the quantity decided by the panel earlier for its December 'road map.' Both the states would, after this release, have a shortage of approximately 47 tmc ft against their requirements in December. This is not an elegant situation as both the states would be dissatisfied. But in the circumstances, this seems the only pragmatic solution, the best.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17540081", "title": "Seniority can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t be based on higher pay scales: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: Coming to the rescue of a Jalgaon teacher, the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay High Court has ruled that higher pay scale is no basis to decide the seniority of a person. It also held that seniority should be decided after taking into consideration the date of joining and the length of service.\"Since petitioner is appointed in 1997, he shall have to be held as senior than the respondent who was appointed at a later point of time. Merely because respondent was awarded trained graduate teacher's pay scale in the year 2000, whereas, petitioner has been awarded higher pay scale in 2003, will not make respondent eligible to claim seniority over the petitioner,\" Justice RM Borde ruled.The court allowed the plea filed by Sanjay Pachpole, assistant teacher in Vikas Vidyalaya, and declared him senior to Kamalakar Sonwane from the same school on the basis that his tenure has been longer.The education department had bracketed the petitioner below Sonwane in its seniority list. Both of them were appointed in DEd pay scale. However, Sonwane had been awarded trained graduate teacher's pay scale earlier than him. Pachpole tendered an application objecting to this to the education officer many a times stating that his seniority, in the matter of award of trained graduate teacher's pay scale, has been bypassed. He also moved another application through his head master. However, no cognisance was taken. On other hand, the education officer passed an order favouring the respondent.Pachpole then knocked the judiciary's doors questioning the basis on which Sonwane was awarded a higher graduate pay scale earlier than him, overriding his seniority.While ruling in the petitioner's favour, the court stated that the Sonwane's contention that since he had been awarded higher pay scale earlier than petitioner and hence he shall have to be considered as senior, is also unacceptable. The court further made it clear that the award of pay scale has no bearing on the placement of an employee in the seniority list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17539028", "title": "FDA to carry out monthly review of restaurants, roadside vendors", "text": "PUNE: Hotels , restaurants and roadside eateries in the district should expect a monthly review of food safety norms starting December. A district-level advisory committee has been formed under the collector to assist the local Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) officials in effective implementation of the Food Safety and Standards Act 2006, and Regulations, Rules, 2011, said FDA joint commissioner Shashikant Kekare, on Friday.\"The committee will meet once a month to evaluate glitches and suggest solution to ensure 100% implementation of the food safety norms as envisioned in the Food Safety and Standards Act of 2006. The committee's first meeting will be held in a week's time,\" Kekare said.Besides the district collector, the committee has the chief executive officer of Zilla Parishad, dean, B J Medical College, district health officer (DHO) and district police superintendent (rural) as its members. The joint commissioner of FDA is the member-secretary of the committee.The committee will take monthly review of licences and registration granted to food business operators like big hoteliers, small canteens, roadside vendors, wholesellers, retailers, stockists' and food item sellers including grocers. All these outlets essentially need a licence under the Food Safety and Standards Act of 2006.\"Besides taking stock of licences, the committee will review cases of food poisoning and action taken therein. Preventive measures needed to avoid instances of food poisoning will also be discussed wherein committee members who are heads of different government departments will add their inputs to form a comprehensive action plan,\" said FDA assistant commissioner (Pune) Shivaji Desai.One of the important functions of the committee is to see how Food Safety Management System (FSMS), an important component of the new food safety act, can be slowly and consistently made a reality across the spectrum of the food business operators.\"The aim of FSMS is to ensure the manufacture, storage, distribution and sale of safe food so that its consumption does not cause adverse effects on human health. This includes good food handling practises like wearing gloves and head-cap while serving and handling food,\" Kekare said.The committee is also expected to devise a food safety plan as per the requirements of gram panchayat and municipal councils falling in the jurisdiction of the district. The committee will also contribute in preparing material to create awareness and to sensitise the masses about food safety by helping officials in developing information, education and communication (IEC) materials using different tools of mass media.State and district-level committees have been established with the sole aim ensure wholesome and safe food for human consumption. The chief secretary is the president of the state-level committee whereas the district-level committee is chaired by the district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540870", "title": "'Guidelines on gas distribution network soon\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HYDERABAD: Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) will soon come out with guidelines for setting up city gas distribution (CGD) network across the country.S Krishnan, PNGRB chairman , on Saturday said the guidelines were expected to be ready in 12 weeks after which opinion from public and other stakeholders will be invited. After this, the final norms will be issued by PNGRB.\"The guidelines for bidding for city gas distribution will be ready in another 12 weeks' time and then we will invite public comments and opinion,\" he told reporters on the sidelines of a seminar on natural gas here.However, the guidelines alone will not help in smooth functioning of the project and the issue of gas availability from various sources needs to be addressed, he said. Earlier, addressing the seminar, Krishnan said the challenge before the country is to bring natural gas share in total energy basket to 25% from present 10%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "dhaka", "code": "17544228", "title": "Sammy defends under-performing Gayle after series loss", "text": "DHAKA: Captain Darren Sammy was left defending under-performing opener Chris Gayle after the West Indies slid to a 2-3 defeat in the five-match one-day international series against Bangladesh.The left-handed Gayle, one of the finest limited overs batsmen in the contemporary game, managed just 72 runs from five innings in the series as the Caribbean side's batting struggled throughout.Sammy contended, however, that the team's performances did not centre around one player.\"I would like to see all my players perform. Things don't always go the way you want them to. Obviously Chris is a very experienced player and I know he will come back good anytime,\" Sammy told a media conference Saturday night.\"Credit to the Bangladesh team for the way they bowled at him throughout this series. They had a plan and they stuck to it. The team doesn't revolve around one person, it's a collective set of people to go out there and do what is necessary for us to win.\"He added: \"I don't blame people, I've always said that cricket is a team sport. We've got to pull together as a team. It's not every day the same people will perform and today we got a performance from (Kieron) Pollard and (Darren) Bravo and Kemar (Roach) got five wickets. We just need more performances from the team and that would make us more successful.\"The West Indies entered the series with their batting as their strength but failed to live up to expectations. They were dismissed in the opening ODI in Khulna for 199 to lose by seven wickets and crashed for a paltry 132 in the second game, chasing 293 for victory.Even when they chased a moderate 228 to win the third game, they needed Marlon Samuels' century in order to triumph after the batting struggled again, and they mustered just 211 off 50 overs in the fourth game before their bowlers defended well.Saturday, Pollard emerged from poor form to slam a stroke-filled 85 while Bravo, perhaps the most consistent batsman in the series, scored 51.The pair added 132 for the fourth wicket to repair the innings after the Windies had slumped to 17 for three.\"The difference between the two teams is that we lost. We have not played our best cricket but we still put ourselves in a position to win the series,\" Sammy pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538646", "title": "'India not conducive for great arts'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Indian society is not conducive to produce great arts, chief information commissioner (CIC) Satyananda Mishra said here on Saturday.Speaking at the concluding day of the two-day literary festival Think Literature 2012, Mishra pointed out the maladies of malnutrition, starvation, illiteracy, lack of access to health care and delayed delivery of justice that afflict large sections of our society.\"Although there is no empirical study to show that an equitable, just and prosperous society produces great works of art, it stands to common sense that a society which is primarily engaged in grappling with the basic necessities of life cannot have the kind of creative leisure to produce works of art,\" he said.Attributing the inequities to poor governance, lack of transparency and accountability, the CIC said the Right to Information Act gives a lot of hope to prod the government to undertake structural and systemic changes in its functioning.Mishra said advancement of technology in recent years has also helped in arousing a lot of popular demand for information. Information technology and mobile phones have made it possible to access and spread information in no time, he said.Mishra said though invasion of privacy is the flip side of the right to information, the need of the hour is openness and dismantling of all walls.The CIC further said democracy gives a false sense of openness and transparency. \"If we probe further, we find that many things happening around us are completely opaque,\" he said. Mishra said awareness about RTI Act is not widespread but hoped that with passage of time it will bring about radical changes in the way we have been governed all these years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17541351", "title": "Tibetans look forward to next March", "text": "BANGALORE: The law graduate from Harvard uses social networking sites to fight for his cause \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a safe Tibet. Tibetan Prime Minister Lobsang Sangay tells STOI there will be no compromise on democracy and non-violence to achieve Tibet's goals. Excerpts:What is the Tibetan government-inexile doing to highlight the increasing number of self- immolation cases in Tibet?We have declared 2013 as 'Solidaritywith-Tibet Year' . Starting December 10, which is commemorated as Human Rights Day, we will organize events, rallies, conferences, and discussions in different cities across the world, such as New York, Geneva and New Delhi, which have A strong UN presence. We have also launched a website, solidarity withtibet.org, which consists of a sixminute video on atrocities committed by China in Tibet, and links to social networking sites to create awareness on the cause.The present border conflict between India and China regarding McMahon Line was drafted between British India and Independent Tibet in 1914. Do you think the Tibet and border issues have some common ground?These issues are very much connected . The treaty was negotiated between a British Indian representative, the then Tibetan PM and a Chinese representative . China didn't sign the final draft as it had border issues with Tibet. But the Tibetan governmentin-exile's stand is that McMahon Line should be acknowledged as it was a treaty signed by Tibet.What is the current status of negotiations between Dharamsala and Beijing?Our envoys met their Chinese counterparts nine times between 2003 and 2009, and presented the memorandum of genuine autonomy within the framework of Chinese constitutions. But since then, there has been no contact from the Chinese side.Are you comfortable with the regime change in China following the conclusion of 18th Party Congress?We will have to wait till March 2013, when there will be a change of guard for top Chinese political positions. We feel that with the induction of new people there ought to be a new perspective on the Tibet issue, given the tragedy in Tibet and failure of the Communist party's hardline policies in the region.What are your expectations of Xi Jinping whose father was considered a liberal Communist leader?Xi Zhongxun, Xi Jinping's father, was close to the Panchen Lama and knew the present Dalai Lama, and was very liberal in his political approach. Whether the son will be like his father is yet to be seen.Do you think the middle path approach for Tibet is still relevant?The middle path \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which is asking for genuine autonomy within the framework of Chinese constitution \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is the official policy of our administration based on the resolution passed by Tibetan Parliament-in-exile . Democracy and non-violence are two basic and uncompromising principals we believe in to achieve our goals. The concept of freedom is becoming a global trend and we believe China will come around at some point.ISSUE IS OF ENVIRONMENTAL INTEREST TOOThe Tibet issue is not only a geopolitical issue but also of environmental interest for countries of South East Asia, said Lobsang Sangay, the Sikyong or Prime Minister of Tibetan governmentin-exile in Bangalore on Saturday. \"Ten of Asia's greatest rivers, including Brahmaputra, Indus, Yangtze and Mekong, have their origin in Tibet. At present, 500 million Chinese face water crisis. If the Communist regime tries to divert water from these rivers into their own lands, as reported by media, it will spell trouble for some of the South East Asian countries,\" Sangay said. Sangay visited the city en route to Mundgod, North Karnataka, where the Dalai Lama will have his 23th Nobel Prize commemoration ceremony on December 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17539020", "title": "Illegal buildings demolished in Kondhwa", "text": "PUNE: Unauthorized constructions, spread over 5,850 sq ft in Kondhwa and Wanowrie, were razed by the Pune Municipal Corporation in a demolition drive on Saturday. Illegally extended side and front margins, totally measuring 3,000 sq ft, of as many as 13 hotels in the area, were pulled down during the day-long action.Illegal constructions of four other properties -- a residence, a shop, an industrial shed and a compound wall-- measuring 2,850 sq ft, was also demolished. Five civic officials coordinated the action with the help of 25 labourers and 25 policemen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17540146", "title": "Schools unhappy about govt rules for autos, cabs", "text": "CHENNAI: The death of Shruthi Sethumadhavan, 6, who fell through the floor of her school bus earlier this year, got authorities to crack down on violations by school buses. Now, with many pointing out that most children use autorickshaws and maxicabs to school and back, the transport department has turned its attention to drawing up rules for these vehicles.However, schools which are to help the respective RTOs obtain details of these vehicle aren't happy with the additional responsibility. Autorickshaws, share autos and maxicabs ferrying schoolchildren will, while applying for renewal of the vehicle permit, have to get an endorsement from the respective schools and RTOs that the vehicle is permitted to ferry schoolchildren to the school.The transport commissioner has written to all RTOs and schools in the state that these vehicles should not carry schoolchildren (up to 12 years) more than 1.5 times the normal seating capacity. Autorickshaws are known to carry a high number of children. Vehicles carrying schoolchildren have been asked to carry a board in the front and rear saying \"on school duty\" in English and Tamil. The transport department has directed autorickshaw and maxicab drivers to stand near the exit and help children to embark and disembark safely. They should also ensure that the parents or authorized persons are present to take care of the children. Drivers have also been asked to help children cross the road.\"Necessary action will be taken to suspend or cancel the licence of any driver found violating these conditions. Violation of the permit conditions will also lead to suspension or cancellation of the permit,\" the transport commissioner said.The new regulations are expected to give RTOs a lot of paperwork, as they have to maintain particulars such as the vehicle registration number, name and address, contact numbers of the children.School heads, who are expected to help RTOs obtain these details, say it's more than they care to take on. \"The government has given the responsibility of ensuring the safety of schoolchildren travelling in private vehicles to the RTO. Now, they are trying to pass the buck. The school bus regulations are hard enough to enforce without this being thrust on us. We don't have the time or the resources to take this up,\" said the correspondent of a private school.Autorickshaws and maxicabs associations said they had tried getting endorsement from schools, but failed. \"Schools are required to admit only those living within a 5km radius, but if they endorse this they will have to admit that some of their children travel 10-12km to school,\" said S Balasubramaniam, advisor, School Van Auto Drivers Welfare Association.Autorickshaws and maxicabs ferrying schoolchildren should not carry kids more than 1.5 times the normal seating capacity. They should also have a board in the front and rear saying \"on school duty\" in English and Tamil, said the transport department", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17541409", "title": "Check cleaner\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s background: cops", "text": "BANGALORE: A special police team will look into the antecedents of Sabanna, the school bus cleaner of St Sophia Convent in Nayandahalli who is accused of molesting a 5-year-old girl.\"Sabanna was in police custody till Thursday. We're looking into his antecedents and questioning many people ,\" an investigating officer said. According to the school management, Sabanna had joined a few months ago. \"The medical report on swabs may come next week,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "17539465", "title": "Tremors felt in Bhachau", "text": "RAJKOT: An earthquake measuring 4.5 on Richter scale was experienced in Bhachau area of Kutch district on Saturday. There was no loss of life or property.Officials at Institute of Seismological Research (ISR) in Gandhinagar said that 36 tremors have been reported in Saurashtra and Kutch regions since December 1. ISR officials said high seismic activity has been noticed across the state since November 1 this year.At least 226 tremors have been experienced across Gujarat, mainly in Saurashtra and Kutch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17540887", "title": "NADA collects samples from 81 players", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an abrupt and surprise action, the teams of National Anti-Dope Agency (NADA) swooped down on players of international kabbadi teams and collected samples of 81 players to be tested for doping.The NADA teams acted swiftly and served only a short notice before collecting the samples on a single day on the sidelines of league matches being played at Rupnagar on Saturday. Sikander Singh Maluka, senior vice-chairman, organizing committee, for the 3rd World Cup Kabaddi, said that the Indian kabaddi players, both men and women, gave samples for the second dope test, as their first dope test had been conducted during the trials.\"The teams on Saturday served a short time notice to the organizing committee of the world cup to summon the rest of teams at Rupnagar so that their samples for the dope test could be collected,\" said Maluka.The NADA team randomly selected minimum 4 or 5 players of each men team and 2 players of each women team for the samples. \"The samples would be tested in the laboratories duly recognized by WADA,\" Maluka said. The samples for the dope test for the rest of players would also be collected in the due course of time during the 3rd World Cup Kabaddi 2012, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17540532", "title": "Railway station issues, rail services remain unattended", "text": "Friday's visit by the general manager of the Central Railway, Subodh Jain, to the Nashik Road railway station, which is the only railway station within the Nashik city limits, has brought to the fore not only the total lack of coordination between the railway authorities and the state government, but also the long pending woes of passengers using the station.Despite Nashik being an important and rapidly growing city in the state and the number of passengers using the railways on the increase, several issues on improving the rail services have been pending for a long time. Some of the perennial issues include the introduction of dedicated train services between Mumbai and Nashik, improvement in passenger amenities, catering services, lodging and waiting room facilities, additional platforms, lift or an escalators to climb bridges and terminus facilities, adequate parking space.There have been numerous meetings, visits of senior railway officials and agitations, but the issues have remained neglected. At times, senior railway officials visited Nashik Road railway station have mixed business and pleasure by visiting Shirdi and other pilgrimage spots rather than focusing on contentious issues of rail services.Even with regards to a mega-event like the Kumbh, the coordination between the state government has remained a perennial problem. Even during the last Kumbh mela held in 2003-04, the railway authorities made arrangements on their own through their own funds, without being actively involved by state government agencies that received funds from the state and central governments.The Nashik Road railway station has remained neglected both by its own officials as well as those of the state.When the Great Indian Peninsula railway started laying rail tracks during the British regime in the 19th century, completing the first stretch between Mumbai and Thane and moving northwards towards Nashik, it was to pass through the Nashik city. However, following opposition from certain quarters culminated in a change in the alignment and the tracks were laid about nine kilometres away from the hub of the city, where the Nashik Road railway station stands today.Eventually, after independence and creation of Maharashtra state, as Nashik gradually started transforming itself from an ancient town of pilgrimage to a modern city, the Nashik Road railway station became an important embarking and disembarking spot on the country's rail network. However, while Nashik city continued to grow, with infrastructure being added - albeit too little, too late- the railway station continued to remain just a station, despite Nashik being the divisional headquarters of the State government.The Manmad railway junction created about 100 km north of Nashik Road station has become one of the major junctions on the railway network, with all facilities of a terminus and a workshop. Eventually, whenever trains for commuters from Nashik visiting Mumbai were introduced, they originated from Manmad, because of the terminus facilities. Most of the trains plying from Manmad and Mumbai for passengers of Mumbai and Nashik (except the Panchavati Express and the Godavari Express) were further extended from Manmad to Aurangabad, Nanded and further.The demand for upgrading Nashik Road railway station as a terminus has been raised intermittently at various levels by rail users and organisations, but have been told by railway authorities that in absence of terminus facilities, trains have to be send to Manmad. Commuters plying daily between Mumbai and Nashik have been seeking dedicated trains between the two cities and have pointed out that trains originating from places like Nanded for Mumbai are too crowded to take the daily load between Nashik and Mumbai.The outbursts of Jain, who expressed inability in creating an additional platform -the fourth at the station- speaks volumes about the efficiency of the railways, which has not even been able to repair the baggage scanner at Nashik Road railway station lying defunct since October 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17539820", "title": "Gwalior-based ghee trader Goyal held under NSA", "text": "BHOPAL: The Gwalior district administration on Saturday arrested a ghee trader - Shivkumar Goyal - under National Security Act (NSA) and sent him to jail.On August 30, Goyal's company - Chambal Dairy Products and its warehouse were raided by the state food department following a report from its Maharashtra counterparts that spurious ghee was supplied to the famed Sai Baba temple in Shirdi by this company. The report was enclosed with a complaint from the Shirdi Saibaba Trust. However, nothing substantial was found.Two months later, the district administration confiscated 10,500 litres of ghee from the company's godown at Transport Nagar, Gwalior. Laboratory tests ascertained that the ghee were of substandard quality.He has been arrested under Section 3 of the NSA as part of our on-going campaign against adulteration, Gwalior collector P Narhari, told TOI. The district administration has launched a campaign \"Operation Visuddh\" to check adulteration in food and drugs in the Gwalior.According to the reports spurious ghee was supplied to the famed Sai Baba temple in Shirdi by this company", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17544937", "title": "Ram Charan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Aston Martin car pic", "text": "Ram Charan drove in his Aston Martin to the music launch of Sarwanand-starrer Ko ante Koti. Here's a pic of the car, which was the actor's wedding gift by his in-laws. Charan is currently shooting for three films - Nayak, Yevadu and Zanjeer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17539805", "title": "Cashier murder: Cops still clueless", "text": "BHOPAL: After eight days of extensive investigation and examining call details of close to thousand of persons, the police have yet to get a clue about the killer of a woman cashier, Meera Ahuja of central region power distribution company.The woman cashier was murdered and cash of Rs 2 lakh was looted from the company's Koh-e-Fiza office here on December 1.\"The case is being investigated with all possible angles. We are questioning habitual offenders and have also quizzed employees of the power company, but nothing concrete has been ascertained so far.Bhopal police have no clue of any person detained from Indore in this regard,\" Arvind Saxena, SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17539988", "title": "Popularizing science in rural, tribal and slum areas", "text": "NAGPUR: Students from the rural and tribal areas, and those attending smaller schools in the cities often lag when it comes to learning the practical aspects of science. Marathi Vigyan Parishad, in association with city branch of Indian Science Congress Association, has been organizing fairs since the last two decades in such schools to popularize science, spread environment awareness and provide health education to the kids in these schools.The ten-day 'fairs' are conducted in different schools in and around the city. A selected bunch of students along with a few teachers attend the special lectures. On Saturday, one such camp organized at Santaji High School of Chikhana village came to an end with the kids visiting Botanical gardens, Central Museum, aquarium and Maharajbag Zoo.Faculties during the fair were well-known people like teachers Ashok Bhad, Vasudev Mohadikar, Narendra Bhusari, Nirankush Kubalkar and Shyam Nikose, Anita Tomar, Adhikrao Jadhav from Kolhapur University, neurologist Dr Poornima Karandikar, environmentalist Pooja Choudhari and health officer from Chandrapur Zilla Dr Ashok Dhabekar.\"Along with lectures on topics from physics, mathematics and chemistry, we also have some special lectures that help children in their everyday lives. These lectures include experts in the fields telling children about things like epilepsy, sericulture, medicinal plants and vermicompost among others,\" said Trimbak Bandre, vice-president of MVP and coordinator of the fairs.The idea of involving the teachers is to spread the knowledge to the other kids at the school as well. \"We also include yoga, meditation and information on medicinal plants among other things. There is a special lecture that helps to dispel blind faith. On the last day, there is a prabhat pheri wherein the kids tell others in the neighbourhood about some of the things they have learnt,\" said president of MVP Rajnikant Bondre.Ganesh Nagpure, a teacher from Santaji School and the convener of the fair, said, \"There are so many things both from within and outside the syllabus that are taught during the fair. For example, the textbook has a very small portion about the working of brain and heart that the children were explained through a power point presentation. Also, with the kind of things they learnt about epilepsy will teach them to help a person undergoing an episode of the disease rather than just standing around,\" he said.He said this was the second time that the fair was conducted in the school because of special interest of principal Vishnu Nandurkar, who wanted the students to be exposed to the said knowledge continuously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17540696", "title": "Be a proud part of history", "text": "KANPUR: In the form of motivational rally and 'Shapath Rath', school students and members of 'Akhil Bharitiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal' urged the Kanpurites to be a part of the world record which is set to be made at Green Park today.In this special kind of world record, more than one lakh persons will sing the National Anthem in chorus today at Green Park.Thousands of people took part in the massive signature campaign launched by 'Parivartan Forum' at Green Park and pledged to sing the National Anthem.The initiative was first taken by people at Aurangabad where 16,000 people sang the National Anthem to make the world record. Pakistan broke the record in October this year.Joining the initiative, the members of 'Akhil Bharitiya Udyog Vyapar Mandal' took out a 'Shapath Rath' from various city areas on Saturday.\"Now it is Kanpur's turn to make the world record,\" said Sandeep Jain, event coordinator from Parivartan Forum. He also urged everyone to join this initiative and be a part of history on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "london/udupi", "code": "17539412", "title": "Death of nurse fooled by RJs appals UK, India", "text": "LONDON/UDUPI: A day after 46-year-old Indian nurse Jacintha Saldanha was found dead in her hospital quarters in central London, British cops on Saturday said the death was \"unexplained\", though media reports said it was a case of suspected suicide. Britain reacted with horror at the death of the mother of two, days after she received a hoax call from two Australian radio presenters who sought to wangle information on a pregnant Kate Middleton admitted to the hospital for acute morning sickness.London's King Edward VII Hospital, where Saldanha worked, condemned the prank by Sydney's 2DayFM as \"truly appalling\", even as owners of the station said they had done \"nothing wrong\" and that no one could have foreseen the tragic outcome of the stunt. The RJs who pulled the bluff, however, were taken off air as two advertisers pulled out ads to the station.Jacintha received the call on Tuesday morning from the duo posing as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles and transferred to the duty nurse who revealed details of the duchess of Cambridge's treatment unwittingly. Prince William's office condoled Saldanha's death and denied that it had made a complaint about the hoax.'We're all in the dark'The hospital had apologized for the mess-up on phone protocol but denied that Jacintha was under any inquiry for the incident.Jacintha, married to supermarket worker Benedict Barboza for the past 20 years, had been living in England for the past 15 years. While Benedict lived in Bristol with their 16-year-old son Junal and 14-year-old daughter Lisa, Jacintha came home in the weekends from London to be with her husband. \"Ben was supposed to pick up Jacintha on Friday when he got a call from police that something had happened to her,\" said Irene, Barboza's eldest sister.Jacintha's family in Udupi, Karnataka, said they had been told that the British cops were considering it a case of suicide. \"Neither Ben nor I know anything about what happened. We're all in the dark. I feel sad for my brother and wonder how he's coping with the tragedy since there's no one to support him,\" said Irene. He was not allowed to see the body till Friday evening and police indicated it was suicide, she said\"All Ben said was, 'Don't tell mother' as he was apprehensive of how she would react to the news. He also requested us not to inform Jacintha's mother as she is a heart patient,\" said Irene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538769", "title": "Car importer Sunny Walia arrested for extortion", "text": "NEW DELHI: Already facing charges for cheating several people and also a bank, \"casanova cheat\" Sunny Walia has landed in fresh trouble.The Economic Offences Wing (EOW) has arrested Walia on charges of extortion and slapped the stringent Section 67 of the Information Technology Act that deals with cyber pornography. According to police, Walia was trying to extort money from a businessman by sending him fake nude photographs of an acquaintance. Walia, as per the police, demanded money to desist from circulating the snaps of the woman.On receiving the complaint, the cops registered a case and after initial verification from the email service provider, they zeroed in on Walia as the man who was sending the threatening emails.On Saturday, the EOW's cyber crime cell had produced Walia before a Saket court and got his custody for two days. Police informed the magistrate that Walia needs to be questioned about the emails and confronted with other evidence.A day earlier, a Patiala House court had granted bail to Walia in a case registered against him by the crime branch. But his freedom was short lived as the EOW appeared in the court itself to arrest him. At the request of his advocate Mustafa Arif, additional chief metropolitan magistrate Gautam Manan allowed Walia a few hours to meet his family but directed him to appear before the EOW in the evening, where he was subsequently taken into custody.The crime branch had earlier taken him to Mumbai to recover two Audis that he had allegedly taken from a businessman with the promise of giving him a new Porsche in return. According to the cops, Walia had taken a businessman's cars and Rs 35 lakhs and promised him a new car, but Walia neither brought him the Porsche nor returned his money and vehicles. Last month, he was arrested for cheating a prominent bank of Rs 4 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17539310", "title": "Bhutan power to light up Haryana", "text": "GURGAON: With the massive power deficit threatening investment and industry, the Haryana government has come up with an out-of-the-box solution: Buying power directly from Bhutan.The spadework for the power purchase from Bhutan had started after the northern grid collapse in July this year and the state government is now all set to sign a memorandum of understanding (MoU) next week.The central government has already given its in-principle approval for the state government's ambitious project. According to the state government, Haryana would probably be the first state to tie up with a foreign country for purchasing power directly.Speaking to TOI, the Haryana power minister, Ajay Singh Yadav, said: \"The main reason for opting for hydel power from Bhutan is that it is cost-effective. The details of price and other modalities will be discussed with the Bhutan government.\"Haryana's peak power demand is over 7,385MW and the 2,000MW hydel power from Bhutan will be a big relief to both consumers and industry.The state is already buying the bulk of power from Rajasthan and Chattisgarh but the move to purchase from Bhutan will go a long way in cutting the imminent power deficit it is likely to face.In a nutshell, hydel power purchased by the Haryana government would first be supplied to the northern grid and be added to the state's share from the northern grid. The power supply in the state mostly depends on the thermal plant which has not been sufficient to cater to the rising urban and industrial demand.\"As per the conservative estimates the price of thermal power the hydel power is lesser. Now the exact detail of power purchase will be discussed in consultation with all the stakeholders including the central government,\" said Yadav.The minister also hinted that the entire cost of power purchased from Bhutan would not be passed on to consumers. Asked about the deadline for the power purchase project to become operational, the minister said: \"The project has been discussed at the highest level and once the operational aspects are cleared the state will start getting power.\"Power industry experts have praised the Haryana government's decision to buy power from Bhutan. \"This is undoubtedly a very positive move. A state signing an MoU with other states in India is a common practice but what the Haryana government is doing is commendable,\" said Vinayak Chatterjee, a power expert and chairman, CII, National Task Force on Infrastructure.In July when the northern grid had collapsed, Bhutan had come to India's rescue by providing hydel power for several states including Haryana and Delhi. \"The hydel power surplus of neighbouring countries like Nepal and Bhutan, should be tapped to fulfil the power demand through the northern grid,\" said Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17538508", "title": "DTC bus catches fire", "text": "An air-conditioned Delhi Transport Corporation bus carrying around 50 passengers caught fire near the Ghazipur traffic signal in east Delhi on Friday. No one was injured in the incident. \"The incident was reported near the Ghazipur traffic signal when the bus was going towards Noida from Bhajanpura,\" said a fire officer. Seeing smoke emanating from the gear box, the driver stopped the bus and asked passengers to get off the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539772", "title": "Mythology and the modern world", "text": "Are CEOs like Arjuna as they do not look beyond profit? Devdutt Patnaik, a physician-turned-leadership consultant who marries mythology with management, believes so. He was in conversation with social commentator Santosh De--sai at 'Mythology as Powerpoint'. His comments carried diverse dimensions from Krishna's advice to the Pandavas to burn the forest if they wanted to establish Indraprastha to current policymakers' proclivity to aping the West. \"Take BKC. It is New York in Mumbai, created for the rich. There is no way a poor person can survive here,\" Patnaik said.\"Can we measure success differently,\" asked Desai. Patnaik said it is difficult because if a super-achiever has done charity, it can be measured, but you can't measure his generosity. Asking people to uphold tolerance, he said trouble starts when we want to impose our views. \"If someone worships a rock or a Barbie doll, let him do so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17540199", "title": "IIM-Ranchi loses 20 crore over Nagri land row", "text": "RANCHI: Construction work of Indian Institute of Management-Ranchi's permanent campus hit yet another roadblock as the Union HRD ministry withdrew Rs 20 crore allocated to the institute for this purpose and transferred the amount for the development of IIM-Rohtak in Haryana. IIM-Ranchi director M J Xavier said: \"The entire funds allocated to us for the construction of the permanent campus has been withdrawn.\" The money was allocated by the Union HRD ministry after IIM-Ranchi submitted a detailed project proposal.Union HRD ministry M M Pallam Raju has convened a meeting of all IIMs on December 19 to take stock of the status of their building construction. Sources said IIM-Ranchi would apprise Raju of the alternative land options available in the state. The elite B-school, which has been operating out of the building of the state information and public relations department, is facing difficulties in administration and management and students have to travel 15-odd km every day to attend classes.IIM-Ranchi will only get the funds back after it submits convincing documents to the ministry after getting land from the state government without any problems. The Jharkhand government has suggested IIM-Ranchi authorities to use 200 acres at Rajalaut in Namkum and the revenue department is working out the details and a final proposal will be submitted to IIM-Ranchi. \"I have visited the site and it is good,\" said Xavier.IIM-Ranchi is on the lowest rung among the six new IIMs in the country in terms of campus development. While the construction of campuses at Rohtak, Raipur (Chhatisgrah), Tiruchirapalli ( Tamil Nadu ), Udaipur (Rajasthan) and Kashipur (Uttrakhand) is progressing well, the development of Ranchi's campus has been aaffected as the villagers in Nagri are fiercely opposing the land acquisition.The premier B-school incurred losses amounting to Rs 2 crore when the boundary wall of its campus was destroyed by agitating villagers. Though IIM-R started construction of its permanent campus on 75 acres land in Nagri village, 25km from Ranchi, in 2010, no progress has been made yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538576", "title": "Delhi University to review internal tests", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University is going to review its internal assessment system at the undergraduate level. This was part of a series of decisions taken at the third meeting of the 61-member task force set up the university to steer reforms on Friday.Among the proposals were the introduction of a district institute of education and training (DIET) equivalent two-year course for teacher education along with the four-year-degree programme. These and a few other issues like syllabus preparation for the new system and structure of courses were discussed. It was suggested that there should be two research papers at the undergraduate level and that college teachers should be entrusted with the responsibility of preparing the courses.The task force accepted the proposal to review the internal assessment system, which has been an issue of concern in the university community for some time now. Internal assessment is crucial as it comprises of 25 marks in each paper and is divided into three components - assignments, project report/class tests and attendance in the ratio of 10, 10 and 5 marks, respectively.Virender Bhardwaj, a member of the academic council and the task force, proposed the review. \"The task force has also agreed to my proposal to replace internal assessment with a system like making the students give a presentation in the classroom.\"Introducing a two-year course for teacher education, which is not part of the four-year-degree programme, was also discussed. This programme is to be run separately by interested colleges for aspiring teachers.On the four-year-degree course structure, the members were of the view that the honours component of the courses will be introduced right in the first year of study in the form of a major. In all, during the four-year of study, the students will need to complete 20 to 24 majors and six to eight minors (i.e other subjects). The task force also suggested two research papers as part of the eighth semester.Another crucial suggestion of the task force, which is likely to be a part of its final report, is that college teachers will be entrusted with the task of preparing the courses. \"At present, the departments of the university initiate preparation of the courses and syllabi. But it has been a view in the task force that since the college teachers will be working at ground zero , the responsibility will be on them to initiate the process,\" said Bhardwaj.The task force is likely to submit its suggestions to the university administration by end of December before these are placed before the academic and executive councils for final approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17540726", "title": "Cops fail to trace kidnapped kin of Mulayam Singh Yadav\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s security staffer", "text": "KANPUR: Police till Friday evening failed to locate the whereabouts of 18-year-old Jaswant, who is a relative of Samajwadi Party chief's security man, was kidnapped by unidentified men while he was on way to his Jari home near Bhognipur in Kanpur Dehat on Tuesday evening.Sources said police have been trying to zero-in on kidnappers with the help of mobile phone number, which they used to make a threat call on the phone of Jaswant's neighbour.Sources said police are working on various theories. It is also being ascertained whether the crime had any personal angle, as the kidnappers had only made a threat call and not demanded ransom. A close relative of the teenager had accepted to this fact on being questioned by police.DIG Sunil Gupta said that Special Operation Group and five police teams are working to solve the case.Policemen are trying to collect the call details of the phone which the abductors used to make a threat call.SOG personnel and the district policemen continued search operations for Jaswant at different places in Kanpur Dehat and adjoining districts of Etawah and Mainpuri. Some vital clues regarding the case had been obtained by the investigators and a strategy was being formulated to zero-in on the suspects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17539360", "title": "Man arrested for attacking traffic constable near IIM-Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man was caught by Gujarat University police for assault on a police constable on Friday night.The incident occurred when traffic police constable Jayesh Majithiya stopped Amrat Sapra's bike and asked for his driving licence.The cop asked Sapra to accompany him to the IIM-A crossroads to meet an assistant sub-inspector. Sapra accompanied Majithiya till Hanuman temple when suddenly he tried to flee. \"When Majithiya caught him, Sapra beat him up and tore his shirt,\" said a Vastrapur police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543486", "title": "Consistency is very important: Simple Kaul", "text": "From playing a cunning Pam in \"Shararat - Thoda Jaadu Thodi Nazaakat\" to becoming a protagonist in \"Niyati\", Simple Kaul has come a long way in her career. The television actress feels that, to achieve success, it is important to stay focused on what you want to do.\"Consistency is very important. When you do one show it should not be that you do a show and then leave it. You have to be focused. There are times when you might not have work for months or you might be getting similar roles. But it's the consistency which takes you further ahead,\" said Simple.Simple is a prominent face on the small screen and has been part of shows like \"Kkusum\", \"Ye Meri Life Hai\", \"Twinkle Beauty Parlour\" and \"Saas Bina Sasural\".She will now be seen in a cameo on SAB TV's popular show \"Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah\".\"I love doing a cameo as the entire story revolves around you and also you know when will it start and finish. You know you will not be there for the entire year, soon you will be free. You get a new team, new people, which is always interesting,\" she said.In the show, Simple will play the role of a rustic girl from Kashmir, who is Jethalal's (played by Dilip Joshi) first wife.Kaul, who hails from Kashmir as well, is really enjoying playing the role.\"I am very excited and happy because I have always thought about why I don't get a Kashmiri role. I was so happy when the producer gave me an option of being a Kashmiri. Moreover, there are hardly any Kashmiri characters in television today,\" she said.Having done both serious as well as comic roles, Simple said she enjoys playing comic roles the most.\"When you are performing, I enjoy comedy more. You can do much more. The set of actors (in a comedy show) are talented as everyone can't do comedy. There are people who do something new, they just don't say the lines. You get to learn a lot. It's a happy feeling to work with a good bunch of actors,\" she said.\"I also enjoy doing roles which have strong content, a woman of substance. I would want to do that,\" she said.The actress is looking for something interesting after \"Niyati\" and \"Taarak Mehta....\"\"After 'Niyati', there were a couple of shows happening, but then I was not interested in doing the same thing. As of now, this came up and I did it. After this, if something exciting comes up I will do it but I won't pick up a role just like that,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538783", "title": "Engineering student complains of eve-teasing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A second-year engineering student of Institute of Engineering and Technology affiliated to Gautam Buddh Technical University has accused a senior professor in civil engineering department of eve-teasing. The girl, who is reportedly a hosteller, was having a practical class when the teacher reportedly misbehaved with her.UPTU VC Prof RK Khandal said, \"No case of eve-teasing has come to fore. We had complaints from the girl student and I have asked the pro VC Prof VK Singh to look into the matter. The girl is little sensitive student and I am sure she must have misinterpreted the way the faculty must have acted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "rome", "code": "17541066", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcResponsible\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Silvio Berlusconi says he will run for PM again", "text": "ROME: Three-time Italian premier Silvio Berlusconi on Saturday ended weeks of speculation by announcing he would run again for prime minister, the post he was forced out of last year.\"I am running to win,\" the leader of the right-wing populist People of Freedom (PDL) said.He had called a meeting of the PDL for Sunday and had opened talks with his former coalition allies the Northern League to try to agree on a joint campaign backing a single candidate.\"I'm returning sadly to public service, and again I'm doing it out of a sense of responsibility,\" Berlusconi said. \"I hope to be in a position to be able to explain to Italians that there is a need for a force that enjoys a majority to change the rules of the constitution.\"A general election is expected to be held in March or April of next year but the precise date has not been set, nor is there any agreement on a reform of an election law widely seen as unsatisfactory.This will be Berlusconi's sixth bid to become PM, a post he has held three times over a political career spanning two decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17538901", "title": "Ex-UP chief secretary Neera Yadav gets bail", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court has granted bail to former Uttar Pradesh chief secretary Neera Yadav who was recently sentenced to three years imprisonment by a special CBI court in a Noida land scam case. In an order on December 5, Justice Mohd Tahir ruled that Yadav be released on bail \"during the pendency of the appeal on her furnishing a personal bond and two sureties each of the like amount to the satisfaction of the court concerned\".The 1971 batch IAS officer, who retired from service in 2008, had moved the court with an application under Section 374 of the Criminal Procedure Code whereby she had challenged the order of the CBI court at Ghaziabad of November 20. Admitting her application and granting her prayer for bail, the high court summoned the lower court records with the direction that the appeal be listed for hearing \"in due course\".Yadav had been charged with having allotted prime land to politicians, bureaucrats and businessmen close to her in the 1990s, when she was the chairman and CEO of Noida, in violation of norms.She was made the chief secretary by the then chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav in 2005, notwithstanding the CBI inquiry pending against her, which evoked an outcry.Later, a PIL in the Supreme Court led to her removal from the top post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17545090", "title": "Police question Zee chairman Subhash Chandra, son for second day", "text": "NEW DELHI: Zee Group chairman Subhash Chandra and his son Puneet Goenka were questioned for the second day on Sunday in connection with the alleged Rs 100 crore extortion bid from Congress MP Naveen Jindal's company.After nine-and-half hour questioning and confronting them with two arrested Zee editors, police asked the father and son duo to appear before investigations on Sunday afternoon.Both Chandra and Puneet came to Crime Branch office at around 1.30pm. Yesterday, the questioning had lasted till 11.30pm.Zee editors Sudhir Chaudhury and Samir Ahluwalia, who had been remanded to two-day police custody by a court on Sunday, were brought to the crime branch office on Saturday night where Chandra and his son were being questioned.Chandra had secured an interim protection from arrest till December 14 from a Delhi court.In a late night statement on Saturday, Zee Group said both Chandra and Puneet extended fullest cooperation to the Delhi Police so that truth emerges.\"We expect justice and a fair inquiry. The fullest cooperation ended attempted mis-impressions that Mr Chandra and Goenka were avoiding joining the investigations,\" it said.\"Now that Chandra and Goenka have joined the investigations, police have no ground to oppose the bail of the two editors,\" Zee News Ltd's counsel Vijay Aggarwal said.During questioning on Saturday, sources said Chandra and Puneet denied the allegations and claimed it was an attempt to scuttle news reports on the Coalgate scam.The sources said Chandra was asked whether Alhuwalia had telephoned him and informed him about the discussions with Jindal's company.Police had claimed to have phone call records to show that Alhluwalia had spoken to Chandra for nearly three minutes explaining the discussions.Chandra's questioning came after police sent three notices asking him to join the investigations in the case in which Chaudhury and Ahluwalia were arrested late last month following investigations into a complaint filed on October 2.Chandra had earlier told the police that he could not appear before them as he was out of the country, but later on December 3 he informed them he will be ready to appear within 96 hours of notice. Police then asked him to appear before them on Saturday.Investigators have told a local court earlier that they were treating Chandra as an accused as he knew about the dealings between his employees and Jindal's company.Zee Group has denied the allegations of extortion and demanded the immediate release of its two senior journalists, alleging the police action was \"illegal\" and \"designed for something else\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17540368", "title": "Mafia spoils collector's bid to stop sand trafficking", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Sand mafia goons on Saturday sabotaged a bid Kozhikode district collector K V Mohan Kumar to intercept a tipper truck by unloading the sand on the vehicle in which he and revenue officials were chasing them.The team had a narrow escape even as the driver sped away with the tipper bearing registration number KL/7/5837. It was later found abandoned near Mankavu.Rewinding the incident, Mohan Kumar told STOI that the incident took place around 3.30am. He and team were waiting near the Feroke bridge in a private car hired from a rent-a-car service when they spotted the speeding tipper.Our first attempt to stop it was blocked by an escort on bike. But we chased it,'' he said.The tipper tried dodging them by turning into a narrow road. But realizing that we were right on their tail, the crew emptied sand with the clear intention of harming us, he said.Police identified its crew as Rasiq Kapoor of Mankavu and A Ashiq of Olavanna. A search its owner Naoshad Ali of Malappuram is also on. None of them has been taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543659", "title": "Lawrence's present to the Superstar", "text": "All of us know that Raghava Lawrence is a die-hard fan of the Superstar Rajinikanth . Now that the Superstar's birthday is on the cards, the actor has come up with a beautiful present for the actor.The choreographer-turned-actor along with composer Vijay Anthony are planning to come our with a single video for the Superstar on his birthday (December 12).The audio track of the album was recently put up online for the Superstar fans. The album was launched by Rajinikanth's wife Latha Rajinikanth. Now, that's one true fan of namma Superstar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539856", "title": "Two books and a movie: Many gifts to chose for a starry b\u00e2\u20ac\u2122day", "text": "On December 12, when superstar Rajinikanth turns 63, he will have a long list of gifts to choose from. Releasing on that day are two books on him and a jazzed-up 3D version of his 2007 hit, 'Sivaji', besides the special birthday album that was released on Saturday.One of the books was written by director Suresh Krissna, the man behind three of the biggest hits of Rajinikanth -- 'Annamalai' (1992), 'Veera' (1994) and 'Baasha' (1995). And if one were to go by his past successes, his book 'My Days With Baasha - The Rajinikanth Phenomenon' could also receive a blockbuster welcome.Krissna says he was lucky to have worked with Rajinikanth in four films, including 'Baba' (2002). \"Having rubbed shoulders with the superstar, the simple human being whom I have observed from close quarters, I was perhaps destined to write about him,\" he says.Though the book, co-authored by senior journalist Malathi Rangarajan, is based on events that took place more than 15 years ago, Krissna says the time he spent with the actor is still fresh in his mind. \"People who have met Rajini just once keep talking about him ... his whacky sense of humour, his dedication and his humaneness. I have worked with Rajini in four films, and spent a lot of time with him. It is but natural that I remember everything that happened.\"Even though it is 17 years since the release of 'Baasha', he is surprised that people still talk about the film. Also, even though many other films have released since then, many fans consider it their favourite Rajinikanth film. He said, \"The superstar term is perfect for him. He really works very hard on his films, and there is no difference in his reel and real lives.\"The second book, 'Rajinikanth - The Definitive Biography', is written by London-based film journalist Naman Ramachandran. \"Rajinikanth has not written his memoirs; this book is the closest we are likely to get to the definitive Rajini story,\" says the summary of the book, which traces his cinematic journey from 'Apoorva Ragangal' in 1975 to his Bollywood ventures and the super hits like 'Muthu', 'Padayappa', 'Chandramukhi' and 'Enthiran'.According to Naman, the book provides rare insights into Rajinikanth's personal life, from his childhood days to his times of struggle \u00e2\u20ac\u201d when he was still Sivaji Rao Gaekwad \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and then his eventual stardom, revealing how a legend was born.On Saturday, as his fans got busy with preparations for Rajinikanth's birthday, a special song was released by his wife Latha. Actor-director Raghava Lawrence was the brain behind the song, which had music by Vijay Antony and was written by lyricist Annamalai. \"Lawrence was interested in doing a song about Rajini and wanted to release it in time for his birthday. As I am also a Rajini fan, I wanted to do a mass song. It took me a week to compose the song, which has been rendered by me and Malaysian singer Emcee Jazz,\" said Antony. The song has been put on the internet and any Rajinikanth fan can download it for free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17540442", "title": "Music university's logo and website launched", "text": "MYSORE: The logo and website of Karnataka State Gangubai Hangal Music and Performing Arts University were launched on Saturday.The logo has a symbol of 'tamboori' representing music (sruti), and 'peacock' representing dance, symbolizing that the university will cover music and performing arts. 'Anadigaanami vishwam', which means 'the world is full of music', is the objective of the university. The website will have the details of courses, administration, university activities, exams and results.Speaking on the occasion, higher education minister C T Ravi said: \"If the world is filled with music, then it would be free from war and hatredness.\"\"Music has the power to bring rain. We have to preserve genuine music for the next generation. India has still retained its culture and tradition, which makes it unique from other countries,\" he said, adding: \"Music is a gift of god, and our ancestors gave importance to it. We have to be proud of our culture. Our country has developed because of our culture, and not because of those who ruled us. Our culture has to be passed on to the next generation.\"University vice-chancellor Hanumannanayaka Dore said: \"Many bachelors and masters courses on music and performing arts have been started. But real artistes can be produced only with gurukul system, and not with modern education system.\"He said that the credit of logo and objective has to go to the members of committee \"who worked hard to come out with the best\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17540763", "title": "Naval academy evictees yet to get compensation", "text": "KANNUR: It was nearly 30 years ago that over 1,500 families were evicted from Ramanthali panchayat in the district for the Ezhimala Naval Academy. But even as the academy completes four years after the inauguration of its first phase, many of the evictees are yet to get compensation and they are planning an agitation.\"We were evicted from our premises after serving just 14 days' notice in 1984, and they did not keep their promise of giving job or a decent compensation,\" said Choorakkat Ravi, convener of the organization formed by the evictees, while addressing a press conference here on Saturday. \"Since all our pleas over the years have fallen on deaf ears, we are compelled to launch another round of agitation.\"\"Only those who approached the court got the compensation,\" he said.They said though the government had offered a decent rehabilitation they got only small pieces of unfertile land that has affected the livelihood of many. \"Many of us had acres of land in Ramanthali and agriculture was our means of livelihood, but they acquired it for a negligible price of Rs 2,000 per cent at that time and even that payment was not given to manyAnd when we were rehabilitated to some remote places in the district, people started treating us as outcastes thus affecting our morale as well as livelihood,\" said C Mythali, president of women's wing of the committee formed for agitation. She also said in many such places even basic facilities like roads and school are not in place.Though the government had said it would require only 500 acres for the academy, it went up to 3,000 acres later, whereas the compensation amount of Rs 60 crore demanded from the central government was reduced to Rs 20 crore, they said adding that out of this only Rs 17 crore was disbursed.As the first step of the agitation they would organize a signature campaign and would take signatures from nearly 10,000 people who are affected.A spokesperson from the INA said they would not comment on the issue because the acquisition process was handled by the government and the INA had no role in it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17540004", "title": "NMC plans to increase city\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s sewage treatment capacity", "text": "NAGPUR: The sewage generated from the city is polluting the water bodies, rivers, ground water and also environment for the last many years. But the seriousness of the issue dawned upon only when three years ago waters of the ambitious Gosikhurd irrigation project was found to be contaminated due to sewage.Though the volume of sewage has increased to 510 million liters per day (MLD), the treatment capacity stood at just 80 MLD in these three years. However, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) claims to increase the treatment capacity to 350 MLD by 2014.The civic body is likely to begin its third sewage treatment project in coming days. The project is to augment the sewage treatment capacity of the existing sewage treatment plant (STP) from 80 MLD to 200 MLD. Executive engineer Prakash Urade told TOI that the proposal to issue work order to qualified agency had been placed before the civic chief and was likely to be finalized soon.Sources informed that NMC proposed to augment the STP to 200 MLD on PPP/DBFOT model. \"Private operator will construct the STP by its own investment in two years followed by operation and maintenance for 30 years. NMC will pay the operator after two years as per the terms and conditions. Besides, the operator will be free to earn revenue by selling the treated sewage water. The plant is likely to become operational in 2014 if executed as per the plan and schedule.\"This 200 MLD STP will come up at Bhandewadi, Urade added. \"Plan is to bring 75 MLD sewage water flowing in Pilli and Pora rivers each to these STP. Besides, 50 MLD will be pumped from the Nag river flowing nearer to the plant,\" he explained.According to the data available with the NMC, 420 MLD of sewage was generated when 525 MLD of water was being supplied to the city in 2009. Considering this formula, if the sewage has now increased to 510 MLD, water supply to the city has also increased to 640 MLD. NMC's data reveals that 640 MLD water is supplied to the city following additional supply of 110-115 MLD water from new water treatment plant started at Kanhan in 2011. This proves that the sewage too has increased to 510 MLD since 2009.But the NMC's sewage treatment capacity is still at 80 MLD due to delay in starting the earlier two projects. NMC was never serious about treatment of sewage before 2010. The 80 MLD STP was established in 2007. The contamination of Gosikhurd water came to fore when million liters of water stored in the project had to be released in 2009 following contamination. On the basis of media report, the High Court admitted suo motu public interest litigation (PIL) in 2010 and started pressurizing the civic body and other agencies to initiate steps.Since then, the NMC started to expedite the process of constructing STP with installed capacity of 130 MLD at Bhandewadi under JNNURM. However, the project got delayed by two years due to the NMC's plan to tie up with Mahagenco. Now, the construction work of the project has finally started and may be ready by December 2013.The NMC also plans to construct four small STPs with a capacity of 5 MLD each. Urade said that the construction on two STPs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one near Mokshadham on Nag river and other at Mankapur on Pilli river \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has already started. The work at remaining two STPs is likely to begin soon.With the idea to handle the remaining 160 MLD sewage volume, the civic body plans to construct another two 100 MLD STPs under JNNURM.A proposal to the effect has been tabled.However, as far as the current status is concerned the city lacks STPs to treat 510 MLD of sewage. And contamination of Gosikhurd water continues.Though NMC plans to start a few STPs soon, there is no infrastructure o treat the currently generated 510 MLD of sewageThe volume of sewage in city has increased to 510 MLD but the treatment capacity is at just 80 MLDNMC claims to up the treatment capacity to 350 MLD by 2014A new treatment plant will augment the capacity of the existing STP from 80 MLD to 200 MLDThe civic body also plans to construct four small STPs with a capacity of 5 MLD each", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17541088", "title": "Now, police to re-investigate V S Singh case", "text": "JAIPUR:A re-investigation was ordered on Saturday into the death of additional chief secretary VS Singh who was killed in a road mishap on December 3. The commissionerate order came after \"revelations\" made by Vijendra Singh, another officer who was with VS Singh, when the mishap happened.Reports on Saturday quoting Vijendra stated that the driver, Deen Dayal Paul, had stepped on the accelerator only after spotting the two officers standing on the road divider. The statement assumed importance as VS Singh was a witness in the Dara encounter case during his tenure as the then home secretary.Following these statements, the police commissionerate has asked Raguveer Saini, additional deputy commissioner of police (crime), to re-investigate the case. Saini visited cottage no. 5 of the SMS hospital and spoke to the injured officer. He had also spoken to the on-duty emergency staff, including the doctors and compounders. \"I will also speak to the investigating officer of the case and the police team that visited the spot minutes after the accident,\" Saini added.\"He (Vijendra Singh) has asked us to investigate the matter properly and has cooperated in the probe so far. I was asked to re-investigate the case on Saturday afternoon and do not have anything conclusive to divulge,\" Saini added. Without ruling out anything, senior officers of the commissionerate said they will investigate every aspect of the \"incident\" and will also zero in on the fact whether it was an accident or a deliberate move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539853", "title": "'Don't judge a book by the writer's gender'", "text": "Eminent Kannada writer Vaidehi, whose 30-year-old novel 'Asprushyaru' was recently translated into English, has all along opposed any form of oppression in society. TOI caught up with her on the sidelines of BLF, where she spoke about women's sensibilities and writing.With better access to education and jobs, are women today more capable of making themselves heard?In a sense, yes , in a way, no. Some doors have opened, while some are still shut. When we saw call centres recruiting women, we felt economic empowerment would make women's lives better. But when an innocent call centre employee was raped and killed by a cabbie, we heard derogatory comments from several quarters like, \"Why did she go alone in a cab with the driver without any escort? Women should know how to safeguard themselves.\" When it comes to women, blaming the victim has been the rule, and sadly, it has not changed.Your views on labelling women's works as 'feminist writing'?It's an unjust classification. Do we classify men's writing? One should read books for their merit and literary value without being prejudiced about the gender of the author. And if one is still interested in classifying, a woman as a writer stands far superior to man because she is more inclined to trust in her feelings and intuitions. If male writers could acquire the emotional strength of women, they would write better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17539732", "title": "Collector vows action against", "text": "INDORE: While the students' protest at private Oriental University entered its third day on Saturday, the district collector and the department of higher education have vowed to seek explanation from the varsity in connection with its false assurances on recognition issue.Though administrative authorities promised action, students and union leaders have also let the doors of court open for legal battle.Vipin Wankhede, state president of NSUI said, \"We are open to fighting a legal battle against the varsity for forgery, which misled thousands of students and showed them false dreams.\"On Saturday, miffed at the college authorities who did not turn up to show approval letters from competent authorities to students as well as student union leaders, the students' protest turned violent. Nearly 600-700 students raised anti-varsity slogans and later burnt an effigy of the chancellor of the varsity. One of the students said, \"We kept waiting for the varsity officials to come out and show the approval letter, but to no avail. \" He alleged that the university has given admissions which were higher than the approval given to it by the authority concerned.Later, police had to be called to control the agitating students. The controversy started when a student of the institute was refused an education loan on grounds that the concerned institute did not hold valid certification and is not recognized by any competent body. However, the institute authorities who had kept quiet until Friday, rubbished the allegations raised against the varsity and said that they have shown approval letter to the students.\"If students come up with complaint and produce documents, which prove wrongdoings on the part of varsity authorities, I will recommend action,\" Collector Akash Tripathi said. Additional director of higher education Narendra Dhakad said that the university has approval from higher education department. \"However, I cannot comment on approval from UGC and AICTE,\" he said.If students come up with complaint and give documents proving wrongdoings on the part of varsity authorities, I will recommend actionAkash Tripathi| collector", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17540024", "title": "Even code no. of NU exam envelope is overwritten", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as another serious act of alleged tampering of over highly confidential envelope came to the fore in Nagpur University about two days back, the lethargic administration seems to be sleeping over it. The tampering and subsequent act of handing over wrong envelope to the printer had led to fiasco of 'out of syllabus' questions in the engineering third semester paper that affected over 10,000 students in six districts, sources said.TOI had already exposed on Friday as to how the wrong envelope reached the printer and also about the war of words that had erupted between engineering faculty and NU officials while passing the blame on each other. On the one hand the faculty led by dean Ravindra Kshirsagar had given a clean chit to paper-setters and moderators for the blunder, controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke blamed them for the mess asking for a stringent action to prevent repetition.In fact, more skeletons were tumbling out it isturning out to be a case of deliberate tampering which is a crime and guilty persons can face a jail term if convicted. Sources said even the code on envelope which was written in blue ink was overwritten in green ink by 'unknown' persons. The code could have helped the printer to identify the correct paper and bring out discrepancy to the notice of CoE of other NU examination section officials.Though the task committee of NU Board of Examinations (BOE) had submitted its report to VC Vilas Sapkal, he was yet to take a decision even after two days, raising anxiety of students. In case of BCCA paper leak on April 22, first exposed by TOI, the VC had convened an emergent meet the same day.The panel chaired by pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie had recommended awarding marks to all the 10,000 students on average basis, ruling out the possibility of re-exam. However, the recommendations need clearance from BOE which could even reject it. Yenkie, while refusing to comment on the issue, told TOI that the file was pending with the VC and he might convene a meeting on Monday. Sources however added that NU had to lodge a police complaint to go to the root of alleged tampering to find out the culprits. On the basis of handwriting experts it could be gauged who had overwritten the code number with a green ink. It also needed to probe how the original of mechanical question paper was wrongly put into envelope of electronics branch.Sources said the needle of suspicion was equally on the paper-setters/moderators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17540627", "title": "From altar to street: Feast of Our Lady Of Immaculate Conception celebrated", "text": "PANAJI: The feast of Our Lady of Immaculate Conception was celebrated at its namesake church in the heart of the capital city with religious fervour and gaiety.The feast was also celebrated with much ado in Margao, Calangute, Moira and some other parishes across the state.While the accompanying fair was strikingly visible in Panaji and Margao, cultural programmes were also organized.In his 30-minute homily delivered in Konkani and English at the feast mass in Panaji, main celebrant, archbishop emeritus Raul N Gonsalves said Mother Mary was a door to faith for humankind and the whole world today.It was in keeping with the theme for the mass-'Nixkollonk Ankvar Maria , Amchea Taronnacho Bhorvanso' (Nativity of Mother Mary, hope of our salvation).Gonsalves was assisted by 12 concelebrants which included Salesians and Jesuits.The day also marked the culmination of the nine-day novena which had commenced on November 29.Gonsalves said it would be a really joyous occasion for all of us today if we were to profess our faith unitedly and be witnesses to it by our actions and deeds.Masses were celebrated during the day every hour with the first mass at 5.30am. A procession was also taken out after the high mass. The last open air mass was celebrated on the steps of the church at 5.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "shirva (udupi dist)", "code": "17540387", "title": "Jacintha Saldanha lives in our hearts: kin", "text": "SHIRVA (UDUPI DIST): It's hard to believe that the grief-stricken family of Ben Barboza does not have a picture of their son and daughter-in-law Jacintha. There's only a photograph of his father Lawrence Barboza, who passed away 21 years ago.Family members said: \"They (Ben and Jacintha) have taken all the albums and photographs.\"\"They call me at least once a week. They're in our hearts,'' said Ben's mother 82-year-old Carmine Barboza. Sisters-in-law Irene, Mary, Severine and Janet, remember Jacintha as affable and eager to help others. \"She'd make sure others were comfortable or had eaten their food before looking into her own needs,'' said neighbour Albert Fernandes, who gets groceries for Ben's mother daily.Strangely enough, this family doesn't know the whereabouts of Jacintha's family. \"They lived in Valencia (in Mangalore). We heard they sold their property and now live elsewhere. We don't have their phone numbers or address. They contact us if there is anything urgent. My mother (Carmine) cannot even use the phone,\" the sisters said. Mary said amid sobs: \"We sisters would be together when they came to India. The entire trip would pass in a jiffy as we used to have so much fun. It's hard to believe she is no more.'' Gilbert Pinto, a childhood friend of Ben, said, \"I have not seen a more loving couple. The family really came together when the couple came down for a holiday.''Soon after the news broke, the house at Sarkholu, about half a kilometer from Shirva, started getting well-wishers offering their condolences. Ronald M, Ben's cousin, said: \"I cannot believe this has happened. It's very sad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17538857", "title": "Skilled guards to be deployed in hotels, restaurants", "text": "LUCKNOW: Hotels and restaurants in the state are all set to get a dedicated security staff trained to suit the needs of the hospitality industry. Till now, the task was handled by ex-servicemen and relatively unskilled people. The first batch of trained security guards comprising 27 students passed out from a private institute in Sitapur on Saturday.These guards have been trained under a programme called 'Hunar se Rozgar', which was launched by the ministry of tourism in 2010. The scheme picked up in the state in the beginning of 2012. \"We had untrained men working as security guards. Ex-servicemen are however an exception. But their numbers were quite few,\" said Shitesh Shrivastava, observer appointed by the ministry of tourism to oversee if the students were properly trained or not. He added that industry estimates show that more than 3,000 security guards are needed every year for the tourism industry in UP alone.President of UP hotels and restaurants association, Surendra Jaiswal, who was the chief guest for the occasion, added that due to the shortage of skilled people, managing the heavy footfall of people and tourists became a challenge for the hotel staff. He announced that the association would take the responsibility of all the 27 pass-outs. \"We will extend induction training for all of them and would provide a suitable employment,\" he said.Col (retd) Sanjiiv Sahai, the advisor of the training programme, said that the training was fine, but there is an issue to be resolved. \"A security guard without a proper licensed weapon serves little purpose. The issue is that the arms license is issued to an individual whereas need of the hour is to issue a corporate license. We are working out the modalities to resolve the issue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17539380", "title": "Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case: CBI seeks to extend top cop's services", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has approached the Gujarat high court, seeking directions to Gujarat government to extend the services of IPS officer Satish Verma by four months in the Ishrat Jahan fake encounter case.A bench of Justice Jayant Patel and Justice Abhilasha Kumari will hear the CBI's plea on Monday, said CBI's counsel Yogesh Ravani. The state government had reluctantly spared Verma's services to assist the CBI in this encounter case and this came about by a high court order in July this year.The CBI had to move the HC to seek Verma's help because the state government had not heeded their demand. This was despite a standing order by the division bench that whenever the CBI wanted Verma's help, the government must relieve him. The high court permitted the CBI to avail of Verma's help after observing that he was the only SIT member, who proactively investigated the 2004 encounter case.Verma probed the case, when one after another, IPS officers refused to be part of the special investigation team (SIT) that was tasked with finding out if the encounter was genuine or fake. He was probing so aggressively that 13 suspected cops in this case demanded a CBI probe, fearing arrest. Ironically, the state government was vehemently opposing the demand made by Ishrat's mother, Shamima Kauser. However, at a later stage, the state government too conceded to the demand. It has been nearly a year since CBI took over the investigation on the high court's order of December 2011. This case was probed earlier by two three-member SITs. Before this, judicial magistrate S P Tamang ruled that the encounter was in fact murders in cold blood by \"promotion-hungry, trigger-happy cops\". Pranesh Pillai alias Javed Shaikh, Zeeshan Johar and Amjad Ali Rana were also shot dead in an operation by the city crime branch. After the encounter, the deceased were dubbed Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives out to kill chief minister Narendra Modi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539814", "title": "Two builders ordered to hand over flat to couple", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission directed two builders to hand over possession of a 1,036 sq ft in Lokhandwala to a Bangalore-based couple who had booked it in 2006. RNA Builders (NG) and M/s Rockline Constructions Company will also have to give Sheikh Jamil and Mallika Jamil Rs 25,000 as cost of litigation.In February 2006, the Jamils, who were looking to set up residence in Mumbai, purchased the 15th floor flat from the builders by making a down payment of Rs 8.76 lakh and were given an allotment letter. The cost of the flat was Rs 58.45 lakh. The Jamils alleged that the project was delayed time and again. In February 2008, the builders said that as the project was delayed, they had the option of either collecting the amount paid or continuing with the agreement. The Jamils conveyed to the builders that they wanted to continue.In February 2010, the builders, while replying to a letter sent by the Jamils enquiring about the progress of the work, said their provisional booking stood cancelled and further denied the fact that the work of the building was stalled at any time. Aggrieved, the Jamils filed a complaint in the commission in 2011.M/s Rockline Constructions Company said the agreement was terminated and the complaint should be dismissed. The commission held that the builders' action of informing the couple about the booking cancellation was arbitrary. It directed the Jamils to pay the remaining amount and take possession of the flat. The commission also said the builder should complete the construction within six months, if still incomplete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17539704", "title": "Pay property tax on Dec 15 and get surcharge waiver up to 100 %", "text": "INDORE:If you have not paid your property tax till now, pay it on December 15 and get the benefits of surcharge exemption of upto 100%. Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) will organize a one-day camp for property tax defaulters under Mega Lok Adalat at Gandhi Hall and all the zonal offices of civic body on December 15.Mayor Krishnamurari Moghe said civic body will give exemption in surcharge over property tax dues. Those who have pending dues of upto Rs 50,000, will get 100 per cent waiver of surcharge, while those who have property tax dues in the range of Rs 50,000 to Rs 1 lakh, will get surcharge waiver of 50% and property tax dues above Rs 1 lakh will get 25% waiver in surcharge.\"Waiver in surcharge will be meant only for one day and people can pay their dues in two installments. 50% of tax dues will have to be paid on December 15 itself and the remaining amount can be paid in second installment,\" Moghe said.Mayor said exemption in surcharge over pending tax dues is being given by state government on the initiative of Madhya Pradesh High Court which is organizing a Mega Lok Adalat to dispose of a huge number of pending cases.\"We expect more and more people to get benefited from it,\" Moghe said, adding that the civic body will inform people about this camp through loudspeaker, advertisements and hoardings.Secretary IMC, Ahay Rajangaokar, said that until now only 1.75 lakh people are paying their tax regularly and through this drive they are planning to take number of tax payers to 2.25 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17543645", "title": "Bihar liquor tragedy: Toll rises to 26", "text": "PATNA: The death toll in a hooch tragedy in Bihar has risen to 26 with eight more people losing their lives, police said on Sunday.\"Eight more people have died since Saturday after consuming spurious liquor,\" a police official said.The tragedy occurred Thursday night in Anitha village in Bhojpur district, some 60km from here, where villagers complained of stomach pain and threw up after consuming locally made liquor. Nine people, including four women , died on Thursday, three more died on Friday followed by a further six on Saturday, said police.Bhojpur Superintendent of Police, MR Nayak said \"Over 12 had been arrested in this connection. More arrests are likely.\"District Magistrate, Pratima S.Verma said that a six-member committee had been set up to probe the incident.The deaths sparked widespread protests in Bhojpur. Hundreds of students blocked roads on Sunday while BJP legislator, Amrendra Pratap, blamed the state government for the incident.Rashtriya Janata Dal leaders said the government's policy to promote sale of country liquor was responsible for the deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538489", "title": "Desi system at IGI to aid low-visibility operations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The main runway at the IGI Airport will be installed with a standby runway visual range (RVR) system this year to cut out delays and cancellations due to malfunctioning RVR systems. The favourite runway of pilots, preferred especially during low visibility periods, will be getting an indigenous RVR system, making it the first runway to be fitted with it at its three points: beginning, middle and end. Indigenous RVRs were first manufactured in November 2011.The new system provides RVR and visibility every 10 seconds with the facility to calculate the average every one minute. It has the capacity to provide RVR up to 50m to ATC and will give live information on the Met website through cable signals and radio wi-fi. It works both on an electric battery standby and solar panels.R K Jenamani, director in-charge at the IGI Met, said the main runway is fitted with Flamingo RVR instruments which were imported from Germany and commissioned in 1999. \"Since the RVR at all three points of the runway was commissioned 13 years back, users have been asking for a standby RVR. IMD has finalized CSIR-NAL manufactured Drishti-II RVR at these three locations. This is the latest version of the indigenous system,\" he said.Initially, the Indian Meteorological Department had collaborated with CSIR-NAL and set up Drishti-I at one end of the main runway between December 2008 and February 2009. This was done to compare Indian capabilities against the German manufactured system.Officials said that since all RVRs were foreign made, their maintenance was not only costly, but in case of a major failure it was not easy to get immediate technical assistance.In December 2011, when the new runway was given two additional RVR systems, IMD chose to go ahead with the newly manufactured Drishti-II. \"At present, the new runway has five RVRs, two Drishiti-II and three Telvnet integrated RVR systems imported and installed when the runway started operations in August 2008. The main runway has instruments imported from Germany. Both runways are CAT-IIIB compliant which makes operations on these possible in visibility as low as 50m. The secondary runway has Australian made RVR systems only at its two ends and not in the middle which makes it CAT-I compliant where operations are possible up till a visibility of 550m,\" said Jenamani.RVRs are essential for aircraft operation when visibility falls below 2,000m. They work by scattering light in the presence of smog, dust or fog water droplets by using optical sensors or mirrors. For CAT-III operations, three RVR readings at a runway are necessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542188", "title": "DJ Ash Roy wanted to be an audio engineer!", "text": "After he completed his graduation, the musically inclined Ash Roy wanted to become an audio engineer. But because of his commerce background, he couldn't pursue the course in India, as it was open only to science students. \"Unfortunately, that's the way things work in India. It's the wrong kind of mindset. I thought of applying for the same in Australia, but it didn't work out after my dad passed away soon after. So, I started off with a small set-up at home and worked at different radio stations, where I kept learning on the job.\" says the star DJ, who was in Vadodara for a performance.He added, \"This was my first performance in Gujarat, and it was fun. I have performed with Indra J ( Barodian DJ) before and he was keen to get me here.\"Talking about his musical influences, Roy, whose band Jalebee Cartel has put India firmly on the EDM (Electronic Dance Music) map of the world, shares, \"Pink Floyd remains an all-time favorite. Besides, thanks to my dad, I used to listen to Western classical a lot. I was very fond of playing violin and so, I learnt how to play it properly. But my dad made sure that I learnt the tabla too, and it has helped me immensely.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17540066", "title": "I believe in the \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIdea of India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, diversity, says Rahul Bajaj", "text": "NAGPUR: Rahul Bajaj, chairman, Bajaj Auto Ltd expressed his firm belief in the youths of the country during his visit to the city on Saturday evening. The Rotary Club of Nagpur had organized a session with the Indian business baron who spoke his mind about 'Indian economy in the changing world'.\"I firmly believe in the 'Idea of India', in our country's diversity and in its enterprising youth,\" said Bajaj. \"Soon, as we all know, we will have the youngest population and if this section is not enriched, this demographic dividend will turn into a demographic disaster,\" he added.Bajaj was of the view that if the right things are done, the conditions are very conducive for the growth of India's economy. \"The Indian society today is pro-growth. Every parent is investing in their children's education. Even if they are economizing in everything else, they try to ensure that their children get quality education,\" he said.The markets in developing and under-developed countries were expanding which will be the key factor to ensure India's growth, Bajaj said. \"We are better positioned in understanding the needs of these markets and people than the developed countries which will give our country an edge,\" he explained.But even as he expressed his hopefulness, Bajaj pointed out some of the hindrances that Indian economy might encounter, the biggest one being labour laws. \"They need to change, but our politicians won't do it. There is a need for reform our political system which has become unconcerned with its responsibility towards the public\" Bajaj lamented.Speaking on the FDI issue, Bajaj said, \"There are many pros and cons and none would be evident immediately. The effect of FDI will be visible only after at least five years. But it is sometimes good to be ignorant.\"Rahul Bajaj was also of the opinion that if the right things are done, the conditions are very conducive for the rapid growth of India's economy", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17540262", "title": "Do come for the mehndi at my Jewish wedding", "text": "When Delhi girl Shulamith Ezekiel Malekar married Mumbai-based Sharon Pinhas Phalkar on November 18, it was an occasion more special than any other wedding in the country. It was the first Jewish wedding in Delhi after 50 years. Not surprising considering that Indian Jews in the Capital are restricted to only 10 families.But even in cities which have more Jews such as Mumbai and Thane which have some 4,000 members jointly, such occasions are infrequent. Jews in India are a miniscule minority who don't even find a separate mention in the Census. In the religion-wise break-up of India's demographics , Jews figure in the 'Others' category which makes up 0.7% of the country's population. According to the 2009 data of Hebrew University of Jerusalem, the number of Jews in India is 5,000.It is then an obvious corollary that the community has very few occasions to practice its rituals. Quite like the Delhi Jews \u00e2\u20ac\u201d their numbers swell with Israeli embassy staffers and tourists \u00e2\u20ac\u201d those in Kochi, too, have had few occasions to celebrate a wedding. The last time one took place was in 2008, 21 years after an earlier wedding. It was presided over by Samuel Hallegua, the last warden of the Pardesi Synagogue, which is the oldest in the country dating back to 1568. The same is the case in Kolkata, which was home to nearly 6,000 Jews during World War II but now has just 25. Here, too, the last community wedding was 30 years ago. Now it gathers only for funerals. The average age of Kolkata Jews is 75 years, with the youngest being 66-year-old Aline M Cohen, vicepresident of the Jewish Girls School.However, their rituals have a strong presence in Israel and the US which account for 81% of Jews. Nearly 40,000 Jews from India emigrated to Israel upon its creation in 1948. But, yes, those who stayed on acquired rituals which were distinctly Indian peppered with Judaic ones. And it's these customs that are under threat of dying out.The adoption of Indian customs by the Jews is most evident in marriage ceremonies . Ahmedabad-based author Esther David informs, \"While mehndi used to cover the ring finger of the couple in a traditional Jewish way, many brides now also apply it on their hands and feet. They even cover their face with a sehra (like Maharashtrian Hindu brides).\" As the Bene Israel group of Jews had first arrived in Maharashtra around 2,100 years ago, their lives bear a strong Maharashtrian influence. Esther Best, an Ahmedabadbased teacher, adds, \"Our weddings have also adopted post-wedding Maharashtrian games, like modaks (sweet dumpling) being transferred from one plate to another by the bride and the groom.\"Ezekiel Isaac Malekar, the rabbi of Delhi's only synagogue and father of the city's latest Jewish bride, says there are other Indian influences one can see \u00e2\u20ac\u201d haldi and bidai ceremonies, wearing the mangalsutra, and conducting the wedding under a canopy. Samson Birwadkar, 76-year-old ex-chairman of Mumbai's Jewish Community Centre (JCC), adds, \"Invocation of Prophet Elijah and distribution of Malidah (ceremonial food) is inspired by the Satyanarayan Puja and distribution of the prasad by Hindus before beginning anything auspicious.\"But do the Jews fear assimilation? Birwadkar says, \"There is, indeed, some anxiety. At JCC, we introduce young members to our customs and encourage them to find a life partner from within the community . But we don't ostracize anybody for marrying outside. \"The community's effort to keep the faith going is also reflected in exceptions it is making in its rules. Malekar says, \"According to Jewish law, you need a quorum of 10 men, called Minyan, to read certain prayers like Kaddish or when you read the Torah. But I count even women to make up the number.\" Malekar is the only rabbi in India to have performed 12 inter-faith weddings of Jewish boys and non-Jewish girls.The most striking example of the community's open approach comes from Kolkata where many students attending the Jewish Girls School and the Elias Mayer Free School and Talmud Torah are Muslims. While the two communities are fighting a bloody battle in another part of Asia, India shows how they can live in harmony.Reports by Nishita Pereira in Ahmedabad ; Shubhro Niyogi in Kolkata, and Rosanna Abrachan in Kochi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17539885", "title": "Another arrest in country chicken farm fraud", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 36-year-old man who was a partner in Santhiya country chicken farm at Udumalpet was arrested on Friday night by the sleuths of Economic Offences Wing (EOW), Coimbatore. Police claimed that he duped several people of Rs 1.20 crore.L Stalin, a native of Rajapalayam in Virudhunagar district was engaged in candles manufacturing business in Tirupur district. He had planned to invest in emu farms and joined as partner in Santhiya country chicken farm at Udumalpet along with the managing director of the firm, M Manikandan and his father Murugavel. The trio had lured the public to invest in the farm by promising huge returns.The trio gave dividend to the investors for two months and later shut down the farm. One of the victims Samidurai, a farmer, of Madathukulam approached EOW on August 27 and lodged a complaint against the firm.Police registered a case against the trio and arrested Manikandan and his father Murugavel in September. But Stalin evaded the arrest as he was in Andhra Pradesh. A special team of EOW went to Andhra Pradesh but could not trace Stalin.Based on a tip off, a team of police led by EOW deputy superintendent of police S Eswari rushed to Nambiyampalayam and arrested Stalin on Friday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "farrukhabad (up)", "code": "17544377", "title": "Positive talks are on with China over border dispute: Khurshid", "text": "FARRUKHABAD (UP): \"Positive\" talks are on with China over the border dispute, external affairs minister Salman Khurshid has said, hoping that desired results would be achieved.\"Positive talks are going on over the border dispute with China and we hope that desired results would come from them,\" Khurshid, who was here in his parliamentary constituency, told reporters on Saturday evening.He hoped that the new leadership in China will facilitate bilateral talks.On the fate of Sarabjit Singh , who has been sentenced to death in Pakistan, after the execution of 26/11 Mumbai carnage convict Ajmal Kasab , he said the two cases were totally different.\"Kasab was a terrorist whom Pakistan was not ready to accept as its citizen and also did not claim his body while we have been accepting Sarabjit as our national right from the beginning,\" he said.\"Sarabjit is in Pakistani jail for 20 years now and in this way he has already completed the term of life sentence...We had talked to Pakistan on his death sentence following which it has been put on hold,\" Khurshid said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17540285", "title": "Gumla youths achieve excellence at garment firm after training", "text": "GUMLA:Lilawati Kumari, a tribal girl from Lawagain village in Maoist-dominated Sisai block in Gumla, has become a role model after she was selected the best worker (operator) in the Noida unit of Orient Craft Limited (OCL), an apparel manufacturing firm sometime back.Lilawati told TOI over phone that she earns up to Rs 8,000 per month as an operator of high-speed sewing machines in the garment factory. In addition to this, she earns money from overtime duty. Earlier, she had no work in the village, she said. After she dropped out of matriculation, she chose to get her trained in stitching on a modern machine at the Gumla centre run by the Orient Craft Fashion Institute of Technology (Ocfit) of OCL set up for dropouts and poor youths.Today Lilawati is able to save a little even after supporting her family. She says, \"I am very happy with the job. Now I would aspire for a higher position in the firm.\"She added, \"Our living standard, too, has changed.\"Anna Kujur, another girl from Maoist-hit Chainpur block has also started earning well and there has been a perceptible improvement in her lifestyle. She recently purchased gold jewellery for herself, gave money for her brother's wedding and takes care of the medical expenditure of her family.Ocfit inked a MoU for a special project under the Swarnjayanti Gram Swarojgar Yojna (SGSY) with the Union ministry of rural development for skill development and placement of rural BPL youths. The former Gumla DC, Rahul Sharma, supported the project keeping its capacity building approach in mind and also the stark poverty that prevails in the district. The administration provided a building for the centre.In 2010 the training centre was started and till date 1,490 youths have been imparted training, said centre-in-charge, Vikram Singh Yadav.Of them, 1,322 persons got placement in the company's various units in Noida, Gurgaon, Haryana, Rajasthan and Bangalore where during job training these youths got Rs 4,678, Rs 5,376, Rs 4,350 and Rs 5,300 per month respectively, he said.Many like Nilima Kujur, who earns around Rs 10,000 per month, has forgotten her days of hardship. Presently, 73 youths from Kurrumgarh in Bishunpur block, Akashi in Dumri block and other hinterland villages have been enrolled with the centre here. However, the majority of them hail from Chainpur block, said field officer Pradeep Kujur.Youths from other districts like Hazaribag, Simdega and Lohardaga, too, are being trained. \"Over 90% of the trainees belong to the tribal community, including the primitive tribes,\" said trainers Binod Kumar and Suresh Chand.Kujur said their families are not in a position to equip them with any technical skill. \"So they come us to get training as it guarantees placement,\" he said.Though there are three such centres in Bihar , three in Haryana, four in Rajasthan, one in Odisha and two in Jharkhand, Gumla and Chatra , Gumla is the best in terms of performance and placement.\"The Jharkhand youths have earned plaudits from the management of the company for their ability to learn fast, discipline and grit,\" said district planning officer, JJ B Tirkey.Lilawati Kumari, a tribal girl from Lawagain village in Naxalite-affected Sisai block in Gumla, has become a role model for others when she was selected as the best worker (operator) at an apparel manufacturing firm in Noida.Lilawati told TOI over the phone that she earned up to Rs 8,000 per month as the operator of high speed sewing machine in the garment factory. \"Overtime remuneration also adds to my earnings,\" she added. She said she did not have work at her village in the past. After she dropped out of her matriculation, she chose to get training of stitching on modern machine at the Gumla centre run by Orient Craft Fashion Institute of Technology (Ocfit) of the Orient Craft Limited (OCL) set up for the drop-outs and poor youths in the district.Today, Lilawati is also able to save a little even after supporting her family. \"I'm happy with the job at the modern apparel industry but at the same time I feel I should go to a higher level in the firm,\" she said. \"Our living standard too has now changed,\" she added.Like her, Anna Kujur, another girl from Maoist-affected Chainpur block in the district, too has a good earning record in addition to changes that have taken place in her lifestyle and expression in cosmopolitan mix up.Anna has recently purchased gold jewelry for her and also gave money for arranging marriage ceremony of her brother besides bearing expenses of her family members in their medical treatment.Ocfit has inked an MoU for a special project under the Swarnjayanti Gram Swarojgar Yojna(SGSY) with the Union ministry of the rural development for skill development and placement of rural BPL youths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17538632", "title": "Red rebels , SOG jawans exchange fire in Malkangiri", "text": "KORAPUT: Around 500 rounds of fire were exchanged between security personnel and Maoists near Malkangiri's Kanaguda village within Kalimela police limits on Saturday. The Red rebels also blasted a claymore mine at Gumphakonda chowk targeting jawans returning from the encounter site. There was, however, no casualty on either side.Following a tip-off about the functioning of a Maoist camp at Kanaguda forest, the Special Operations Group (SOG) jawans launched an anti-extremist operation early on Saturday. They spotted a group of Maoists near Kanaguda around 8 am. This led to the encounter.Police said there were as many as 15 Red rebels present at the camp. \"The Maoists fired on spotting the securitymen which our men retaliated. We fired around 150 rounds and they fired more than 300 with the encounter lasting around an hour,\" said DIG (southwest range) S Debdutta Singh.After the exchange of fire, policemen came across drops of blood on the ground and suspect some casualties among the ultras. Explosives materials and Maoists belongings were seized from the spot. \"There is no report of any Maoist being killed. Since blood was found at the spot, we suspect some of them might have been injured. Unable to counter the heavy firing, the Maoists fled from the spot,\" said SP (Malkangiri) Akhileswar Singh. \"They also targeted our jawans by blowing up a claymore mine but no injury or casualty has been reported from our side. All our men are safe,\" the DIG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17540708", "title": "Kiran Kumar Reddy urges Shinde to defer all-party meeting on Telugu", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Saturday appealed to Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde to postpone the proposed all-party meeting on Telangana scheduled for December 28 to a later date as it was clashing with the three-day World Telugu Conference slated to be held from December 27 to 29. The CM had made a similar appeal to AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad when the latter visited Hyderabad two days ago.The chief minister, who is in Delhi, called on party president Sonia Gandhi and greeted her on the eve of her birthday.Kiran Kumar also had a long meeting with the Union home minister. Other leaders who greeted Sonia Gandhi included deputy chief minister C Damodar Raja Narasimha, senior leader Marri Sashidhar Reddy, T Subbarami Reddy, Rayapati Sambasiva Rao and AP legislative council chairman A Chakrapani.After reaching Delhi on Saturday afternoon, Kiran directly drove down to the residence of finance minister P Chidambaram's and had an hour-long meeting. Kiran is said to have discussed in detail the Telangana issue with Chidambaram and Shinde. In between, the chief minister had a meeting with Azad to discuss the preparations for the brainstorming session and the coordination committee meet scheduled to be held in Hyderabad in mid-December.According to the Chief Minister's Office (CMO), the decision to hike the mess allowances for boarders of social welfare hostels in the state will come into effect on December 9, the birthday of Sonia Gandhi. ] This is in tune with her commitment to the welfare of the poor, the note from the CMO said. The hike in mess allowance will benefit nine lakh boarders staying in welfare hostels, residential schools and other institutions run by the government for SC/ST, BC, minority and disabled students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17540105", "title": "IIM-B suspends top official for sexual assault", "text": "BANGALORE: The Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIM-B) has suspended the CAO (chief administrative officer) of the institute, C V Indushekar Vassist, for alleged sexual harassment, sources said on Saturday.The suspension came to light when the IIM-B director Pankaj Chandra sent an internal mail to the faculty which said \"the Gender Sensitivity Committee (GSC) of the institute inquired into the complaint against C V Indushekar Vassist, our CAO, and submitted its report\". \"Based on the findings, a show cause notice has been issued to him. Pending submission of reply, he will be kept under suspension with effect from November 29, 2012.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17541012", "title": "China to raze 700 mountains", "text": "BEIJING: Land-hungry Chinese authorities plan to flatten 700 mountains in Gansu province to create a city for attracting foreign investment to the area that connects four relatively-backward provinces with the rest of the country.This follows the recent demolition of two million tombs in Henan province to reclaim 2,000 hectares of land for agricultural and developmental projects. The move had created uproar and forced the central government to curb such moves in future.The mountain-flattening , to be carried out in an area 70km from Lanzhou city, has raised concerns among environmentalists , who fear it might damage the topography of the region, which have few mountains amid thousands of square miles of sand dunes. Some reports said the work had begun in October.\"The establishment of the Lanzhou New Area marks the country's latest effort to accelerate development of the western regions,\" said top official Qin Yucai. \"The area will serve as a pilot zone for the nation's economic restructuring efforts and as a strategic platform for opening up the western regions.''The move will create 700 sq miles of leveled land, and cost over $3 billion. The government has managed to rope in Nanjing-based China Pacific Construction Group to execute the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538633", "title": "Criminal shot dead on city outskirts", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Internal rivalry among anti-socials led to the murder of one at Dumduma within Khandagiri police limits late on Friday here. Police have arrested one person.The deceased was identified as Sangram Mallik (33). He was shot dead while sleeping in his house. \"Preliminary investigation revealed that four persons are involved in the murder. We have arrested one person,\" said DCP Nitinjeet Singh.Sangram had a bullet injury in his head, said IIC of Khandagiri police station Sanjib Satapathy. \"The goons fired on Sangram through an open window of his house. They took one person of the locality at gun-point to identify Sangram's house,\" said the IIC. Police said the deceased was a local goon against whom many cases were pending, including outraging the modesty of a woman. He was in jail but released on bail on Monday. \"After his release, he had a quarrel with other criminals. They conspired to kill him,\" said the IIC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543587", "title": "Techtonic: Gimmicky gizmos", "text": "Epson Moverio BT100Wear the Moverio BT100, and you're bound to grab eyeballs. This wearable display is a futuristic device that makes you look like a blind man from 2050. But then that's the price you pay for being an early adopter of such high-tech. Simply, the gadget is a personal entertainment system on which you can watch movies (including 3D content), browse the net, and what not. The wired glasses become your display, while the Wi-Fi-capable base unit - with its rechargeable battery, storage, memory slots, as well as a trackpad and directional buttons for navigation - are the brains of the system.What we likeThe headset and the base unit are sturdily built. Besides, the BT100 comes with a durable protective case, which makes it easy to carry. Although you're viewing a micro-projection LCD, the perceived image size is close to the 80 inches that Epson states in its spec sheet. Transferring content to the device, as well as navigating through its user interface, is simple like it is with any Android-based device. The unit plays FullHD 1080p video (MKV format, however, doesn't play), and its Dolby-enhanced sound make for clear audio. 3D content looks good.Rating: 5.5/10 | Price: Rs 42,900What we don't like It's heavy. Wear the headset for an hour and you start feeling its weight on the bridge of your nose. Also, given its size, you cannot move your head around freely for fear of the unit falling off. The device runs Android, but there's no Play Store. You can copy APKs (Android Application Package files) onto a memory card to install apps, but that seems like a roundabout process. Surfing the net using its touchpad and direction keys is cumbersome. Given this device is about portability, its battery life at between 4 to 5 hours is inadequate. Expensively priced for the experience it delivers. Specs : Head Set: 16:9, 0.52-inch poly-silicon TFT active Matrix Colour LCD, (960x540 pixels), 24-bit colour | Removable lens shade for privacy | Dolby Mobile, 1.5mW (2.5mm Mono x 2) sound output | 3.5mm headphone jack | 240g Controller: Capacitive, single-touch trackpad, individual navigation buttons | Android 2.2 | 1GB internal memory, support for microSD (2GB max) and micro SDHC (32GB max) | microUSB | Wi-Fi | Lithium-polymer 2530mAh | 165gSamsonite Torus Solar BackpackThe bane of modern life is batteries. Every portable gadget needs one, and it always seems to be running out. The Torus Solar backpack packs a solar charger to power up your gadgets on the move. So whether you're moving about the city or trekking in the mountains, your gadgets in this bag are always charged and ready.What we likeThe battery reservoir in the Torus Solar works well to charge almost all handsets and cameras to at least 50%. The bag doesn't need to be facing the sunlight all the time. As long as the prominent light source is the sun, it'll keep charging, albeit at a slower rate. The charging unit is detachable, so if you're trekking, you can leave your bulky backpack at the camp while you travel with the solar pack to keep your gadgets juiced.Rating: 5/10 | Price: Rs 9,700What we don't likeThe time taken to charge up the built-in battery is excruciating. Samsonite claims it takes 4 hours for a full charge; on an average, it took us 16 hours when outdoors. The battery is too small to power-up laptops and high-end tablets fully. Having slots for every type of gadget makes the Torus big and bulky. And this leaves little room for other stuff. Besides, the solar charger isn't light either. In the end, you have a heavy backpack that may not let you carry everything you need.Specs: Special slots for laptop, tablet, mobile, camera | Detachable solar panel zip pouch | 1600mAh battery | Connectors for microUSB and two other common pin sizes for laptops, phones and tablets | Made from 900D and 1680D polyester, lined with 210D high-density polyester.Portronics Electropen PortronicsPortronics Electropen Portronics takes the humble writing instrument and transforms it into a high-tech digitalizer. Write or draw anything on an A4-sized sheet, and the Electropen automatically converts your scribbles into an image or PDF file when you connect it to your computer. And yes, this one also doubles up as a computer mouse.What we likePin the receiver onto the paper you are writing on, switch it on and you're ready to go. The only thing to be careful about is to not have anything come between the pen and its receiver (but this is not a deal-breaker). When used with the PC, the Electropen can be a mouse, complete with a button to click. But its tip is not pressure sensitive , so don't get ideas about using it as a stylus for drawings. The rechargeable base unit needs to be juiced up after about 8 hours of use, while the pen's battery is like the Energizer bunny - just goes on and on...Rating: 5.5/10 | Price: Rs 7,999What we don't like", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17540227", "title": "3 held for undertrial\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder in bus, hunt on for 11 others", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after an undertrial was killed in an MTC bus at the Red Hills terminus, in front of two policemen escorting him, three people were arrested on Saturday. A hunt has been launched for 11 others suspected to be involved in the daring murder of the undertrial, 25-year-old Dev alias Devaraj.Based on a tip from local residents, a team led by Red Hills inspector (crime) D Vel Murugan chased an SUV in which one of the suspected assailants was trying to flee and trapped the vehicle near the Maduravoyal Toll Plaza. While two of the occupants managed to flee, the driver, Sampath, was caught. Based on the information given by him, police later nabbed Karthik and Manikandan. \"We hope to nab the others in a couple of days. Some of them may surrender themselves in court before that,\" a police officer said.Initial inquiries revealed that an undertrial in Vellore prison hatched the plan to eliminate Devaraj. Police, after questioning the accused, said Devaraj's brother 'Mandi' Srinivasan had been murdered by a gang in Kancheepuram recently after he questioned a rowdy over his illicit affair with his (Srinivasan's) wife. After the killing, Devaraj recently challenged one of the prime accused, Dinesh, and threatened to eliminate him to avenge his brother's killing.Following this, Dinesh allegedly informed his brother in the Vellore prison and the latter devised the plan to eliminate Devaraj with the help of history-sheeters Karthik and Aathi, police said. The gang closely followed Devaraj's movements before striking.The brutal murder has shocked the general public and even police officers. A senior police officer said, \"There are plans to curb the growing activities of gangsters in the city. We are working on some strategies and hope to put them into practice soon.\"Devaraj had threatned to eliminate a prime accused in the killing of his brother. Fearing for his life, the man had approached a gang to kill Devaraj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17539047", "title": "'Coalition loyalty plans a win-win for retailers, customers'", "text": "PUNE: Your wallet is full of membership cards of retail stores, frequent flier cards, credit cards issued by oil marketing companies jointly with banks. All of them come with a promise of certain reward points each time you do a transaction. Yet you are not loyal enough to any of the issuers. Surely, at some time the thought must has crossed your mind: \"Could I merge all these reward points and consume them to acquire something of my choice which is substantially valuable?\" Well, you are talking about coalition loyalty plans here. On an average, Indian consumers participate in 2-3 loyalty programmes but the focus of such programmes is brand communications. As a result, companies have seen limited success in driving customer penetration and incremental revenues.\"What the country needs is an efficiently managed coalition loyalty programme which consolidates the reward system,\" says Bryan Pearson, president and CEO of customer management advisory LoyaltyOne Inc.Excerpts:How do loyalty coalition programmes operate globally?Customer relationship management companies form a network of retailers of diverse goods and services in a coalition programme and issue to consumers loyalty cards crafted for each such programme. The retail businesses in these programmes credit reward points to these cards each time the customer makes a purchase and presents the card. The reward points accumulate and the customer can trade them against goods of his choice in a retail establishment of his choice which is a member of the coalition programme. Thus, points which a frequent flier accumulates on such a card can entitle him to acquire a television set. At present he can use the points to avail flight passages available only on a particular airline.How does this help the retail establishment?A retail establishment gets insights from the third-party card issuer on the customer's buying habits and preferences in terms of timing, kind of goods and spend pattern. The management can then weave incentives, based on this information, to attract customers. The retail establishments can tailor sales message which will evoke response from specific customers or sets of customers. This will also reduce their marketing and promotion cost as they wouldn't be spending on mailers which are not relevant to all customers but would be communicating with specific customers with specific offers. Over a period, a bond of loyalty will develop between the retailer and customer. It's a win-win for both because a retailer gets sure and rising business, a customer gets to buy what he wants when he wants it and collects increased reward points to consume elsewhere.Do you think India is ready for such programmes?Certainly. The demographics here are changing as a very large chunk of working population is young people, less than 35 years of age. Even work-related behaviour of this customer is leading to higher retail spend. Commuting (fuel, vehicle servicing), formal dressing (apparel, shoes and accessories), eating out and entertaining (food) increased consumption of provisions (groceries), personal care and healthcare (pharma and cosmetics) or availing financial services (credit cards, insurance ) - all of this is leading to higher retail spend. There is a major shift in the proportion between discretionary and non-discretionary spend and the latter accounts for over 60 per cent of the total consumer spend. An efficiently managed coalition loyalty programme which consolidates the reward system will go a long way in ensuring customer stickiness, as spending on non-discretionary goods will create opportunity for a consumer to spend on discretionary choices.What is the role of the players in loyalty coalition programmes space and what are the challenges ahead of them?Loyalty coalition programme operators collect data about consumer spend and use statistical and analytics tools to define a pattern of consumer and advise the retail establishments on the kind of promotional offers will attract the customers to revisit them, thereby adding to their topline. The players will have to constantly invest in systems and manpower to be able to understand more accurately and passionately the consumer behaviour.On the consumer front, there will have to be a consistent effort to create a feeling of trust and reliability. The message should be \"we are here to stay.\"How will entry of international multi-brand retail chains impact the scene?Organised retail has claimed a definite relevance in the Indian consumer's mindspace. With MNC retail coming here, the win-win will spread further and become more deep rooted, as there will be a much wider choice with the consumer to spend on necessities and use rewards earned on such spend to acquire aspirational goods. Loyalty coalition programmes have been very successful in markets such as Canada , the US and Brazil where there are as many as 120 retailers in some of the programmes. Given India's diversity and socio-cultural fragmentation, the number of participating retailers can be even 300 per programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540203", "title": "Bebeto and Higuita turn back the clock", "text": "KOLKATA: Their faces may have developed a few wrinkles and age may taken its toll on their speed and power, but with the ball at their feet, the Brazilian Masters are still a revelation. It was yesterday once more at the Salt Lake Stadium on Saturday as Bebeto, Dunga and seven other World Cup winners from Brazil turned the clock back to recreate the magic of samba soccer that left the 30,000-strong audience thirsting for more.The exhibition match between the Brazilian Masters and an IFA All Star XI, comprising former India internationals ended 3-1 with the samba sorcerers taking the honours, but the result was the least important in a game that will be long remembered for a few magical moments. Bebeto could have asked for a patent by setting the trend for every proud new father in football with his rock-the-baby celebration during the 1994 World Cup. He swung his arms in similar fashion again, after a breathtaking chip over former Asian All-Star goalkeeper Atanu Bhattacharya's head.If that was magic, there was eccentricity as well. Colombian goalkeeper Rene Higuita, 46, executed the 'Scorpion Kick' twice, as if to prove that it was no fluke. He cleared Zinho and Dunga's attempts from distance. This was no circus act, but an exhibition of the player's immense self-belief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17540215", "title": "'PM too busy to listen to Jharkhand's problems'", "text": "RANCHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh could not give chief minister Arjun Munda an audience to listen to the state's problems despite a prior request for a meeting on various issues including de-allocation of eight coal blocks to state-owned Jharkhand State Mineral Development Corporation (JSMDC) and payment of around Rs 2,500 crore to Bihar for payment of salary and pension to employees.A formal request for the meeting was made by the Jharkhand government on December 3 and the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) had confirmed the meeting for Friday. Just hours before the meeting, the chief minister was informed by the PMO that the Prime Minister was busy in Parliament and he would meet him on Saturday.\"On Saturday morning, the chief minister was again informed that the Prime Minister will not be in New Delhi and could not meet him,\" said an official in the chief minister's office.Munda was to request for intervention of the Prime Minister to stop de-allocation of eight coal blocks to the JSMDC. The inter-ministerial group had recently recommended for de-allocation of eight coal blocks because of inordinate delay by the JSMDC in making the mines operational.\"The JSMDC has already spent huge amount in preparing the geological report and was working on developing three mines with private players. If the coal blocks are de-allocated, many youths will also miss employment opportunity. The chief minister was to put everything before the Prime Minister and seek his support,\" said an official.He was also to inform the Prime Minister about the state's inability to pay around Rs 2,500 crore to parent state Bihar to clear dues for payment of pension and other retirement benefits. The state would request him to ask the Bihar government to share financial burden between the two bifurcated states on the basis of population and not on the strength of employees. If the burden is divided on basis on population then Jharkhand would be required to pay only Rs 500 crore. Even two other states, Uttarakhand ansd Chhattisgarh, shared the financial burden with Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh on basis of population. Uttarakhand and Chhattisgarh were created with Jharkhand.Now the meeting can take place only after Munda returns from the US on December 18. He is going to the US with his family for treatment of his sons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17539903", "title": "Three notorious burglars arrested in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: After a long search, Trichy rural police arrested three notorious burglars in a vehicle check and seized valuables worth Rs 20 lakh here on Thursday. The trio were remanded in judicial custody. The accused Arockiyam, 33, Leo, 32 from Kavalkaranpatti in Trichy and Raja, 25, from Lalapettai were nabbed by a police team during a vehicle check on Thiruverumbur-Thuvakudi road on Thursday night. However, the police produced them in the court late on Friday after confiscating Rs 20 lakh worth valuables including a lorry.Thiruverumbur DSP C Palanisamy told TOI, \"The trio indulged in notorious activities like chain snatching and burglary in Thiruverumbur, Thuvakudi, Manikandam, Mannachanallur, Navalpattu and Musiri on the outskirts of Trichy. They used to target women on the streets. They gave a slip to the police for the past six years and stashed away valuables and stole a lorry in July 2012 in Kavalkaranpatti. Some of the valuables have been mortgaged to a private pawn company. Their modus operandi was that they melted the stolen jewels and exchanged it for new jewels. Then they mortgaged the new jewels in the pawn shops so that the police would get confused. But we have seized all the items by producing the receipts in the pawn shops. The valuables would be returned to the rightful owners\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17541591", "title": "Colourful cultural show at ongoing Shilp Mela", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A mini India has come to life on the grounds of North Central Zone Cultural Centre (NCZCC) as the rich diverse culture with the 'Shilp Mela' that opened here on Friday. The cultural extravaganza is replete with Indian handicrafts and rich culture of the country.No cultural performance was taking place at the mela this time as the nation was mourning the death of former prime minister I K Gujral, but after seven days, a cultural evening was staged with 'Samudra Manthan' in which Madhurima and other artistes created beautifully the scene of the mythical churning of seas. People who thronged the mela were mesmerised with the display of the rich and diverse folk culture of the country.Artistes from Assam performed the Bihu dance which drew huge applause as dancers matched steps with the drum beats. Somnath Bora and other dancers performed the Dholar Chetna dance..Rafique Khairagarhi of Madhya Pradesh performed Karma while Roop Singh Kejri performed Chakri. Director of NCZCC Rajesh Purohit wlecomed the guests while Rakesh Sinha conducted the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17544751", "title": "Virat Kohli should learn to leave a lot of deliveries: Coach Rajkumar Sharma", "text": "NEW DELHI: Virat Kohli has been an utter disappointment in the ongoing Test series against England but his personal coach and mentor Rajkumar Sharma is confident that the talented batsman would come out stronger from this experience.\"If you ask me, he now needs to work on leaving the deliveries alone in the longer version. The manner in which he got out in both innings of Kolkata Test match warrants that. I have already had a discussion with him in this regard,\" Sharma said on Sunday.Kohli has scored just 85 runs in three Tests with a highest score of only 20, and at a dismal average of 17.Sharma attributed this problem to the number of shots that batsmen play these days in the shorter formats.\"If you are playing a lot of ODIs and T20's, you grow a habit of playing one shot too many. Virat also has grown a penchant for trying to hit every ball. That doesn't work in Test cricket.\"Credit should also be given to James Anderson and Steven Finn . Look at the length they bowled. If you pitch the ball in the fourth or fifth stump, there is a dilemma in the batsman as to whether he should go for the shot or not. Virat is also suffering from that dilemma,\" Sharma explained.But the coach is confident that his favourite student would bounce back after this slump in form.\"He is mentally very tough and also willing to work hard in order to iron out the flaws. He just needs one good start and I am confident that he will capitalise on it. I have told him to watch the videos of his ODI centuries. May be the situations were different but he did a lot of things right during those innings. He should remain positive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17539541", "title": "Get BWSSB nod before digging a well", "text": "BANGALORE: Want to dig a borewell? Take permission from the BWSSB, besides registering it with the water board. The state government notified this under the Karnataka Ground Water (Regulation and Control of Development and management) Act 2011 by which anyone drilling a new borewell or open well to use ground water in the BBMP limits should register it with BWSSB.The application form for registration is available in the website of the board and at the executive engineers' offices in the divisional offices in the city. \"People can get the details of the contacts of executive engineers of each division on the map of all kiosks and offices of BWSSB on our website. Even if they contact the assistant executive engineer at the nearest kiosk or service station, our officers will forward the requests,\" said Gaurav Gupta, chairman, BWSSB.Existing users of borewells and open wells should register in Form-4 along with a fee of Rs 50 for domestic use and Rs 500 for commercial use. New users will have to will have to apply in 1A and 1B forms for the same with same fee. Drilling agencies also need to register in Form-6 and payment of Rs 5,000 within three months. For details, visit www.bwssb.org.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17540531", "title": "Nashik police carry out combing operations", "text": "NASHIK: The city police conducted combing operations in the slums of Gangapur road, Bhadrakali, Sarkarwada, Panchavati, Satpur, Ambad, Indira Nagar, Nashik Road and Deolali on Saturday. Around 32 history-sheeters were interrogated and later released, while 54 cases of disturbing public peace were registered. Police checked 274 vehicles. Complaints were lodged against 26 vehicles for not having documents. Two DCPs, two ACPs, 50 police officials and 200 police constables conducted the operations.Man booked for harassing wife: Bharati Amol Aher (22), residing at Tuljabhavaninagar in Panchavati, has lodged a complaint against her husband Amol, father-in-law Pravin and mother-in-law Sindhubai for physical and mental harassment and for demanding dowry of Rs 60,000 to buy a motorcycle.Car driver held: The Gangapur police have arrested one person for allegedly ramming his car against a scooter, in which the rider was injured. The accused, who was arrested, has been identified as Santosh Mali. The incident took place at 1pm. on Thursday. Mali , who was driving rashly, collided head-on with the scooter on College road, near BYK college, in which the scooter rider Gopal Asarani, resident of Savarkar Nagar, was injured. A complaint was lodged with Gangapur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538670", "title": "Animal lovers make a beeline for Kennel Club dog show", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Orissa Kennel Club is showing its prowess at a two-day dog show at Veterinary College ground here, which kick-started on Saturday.Visitors enjoyed obedience tests, agility shows and various dog sports on the opening day. From tough German Shepherds and Irish Setters to timid Pomeranians and the cute Pug, a range of canines were seen participating in the show. \"This year, around 241 dogs of 38 different breeds are participating in the show,\" said Orissa Kennel Club secretary S R Prusty.Though polite breeds like Pugs, Pomeranians, Dalmatians and Labradors attracted visitors with their antics, the show stealers were rare breeds like Alaskan Malamute , Chinese Crested, Dog-de-Bordeaux and the poodle. Chihuahua - the smallest dog, Rottweiler - the most dangerous dog, pug - the most liked dog and some large breeds like St Bernard, Bull Mastiff, Nap Mastiff and English Mastiff were other attractions at the show.While the organisers tested the dogs on various skills and tasks to ascertain the best breed, their proud owners gave the audience detailed information about the breeds and their characteristics.\"The event has received a huge response from dog owners as they get a single platform to interact with other owners,\" said Prusty. Odisha Kennel Club has invited a special team from Hyderabad to demonstrate fly-ball and agility among the dogs, he added.\"I attend the show every year to learn more about the dog world. We have a Golden Retriever and a Labrador for the past six years, who are an integral part of our family,\" smiled Mahendra Singh from Lucknow, who is visiting the city.Manish Ganguly from Kolkata, who owns a German Shepherd , said, \"Every breed has its own characteristics. Dogs can sense our family's joy and sorrows and behave accordingly. They are our family members.\"Another dog lover and owner of two Labradors named Jeera and Chiku said he travelled all the way from Jamshedpur to attend the show.\"It is exciting to see so many different breeds of dogs at one place. Shows like this also give us a chance to interact with other dogs,\" said Mini, owner of a pug.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538692", "title": "Dandapani writes to Naveen for son's release", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Jana Adhikar Manch convener Dandapani Mohanty on Saturday appealed to chief minister Naveen Patnaik to facilitate release of his son Sangram Keshari and conduct an impartial inquiry into the incidents leading to his arrest.Sangram is on hunger strike ever since he was lodged in R Udayagiri jail in Gajapati district after his arrest for alleged Maoist links on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17542871", "title": "Dhoni says he will not quit captaincy after England debacle", "text": "KOLKATA: Despite two successive humiliating defeats on home soil, under fire Indian skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni on Sunday refused to step down from captaincy, saying it was not the right time to run away but take responsibility and turn the team's fortunes.\"The easiest thing for me to say right now is to say, 'I quit captaincy' and be a part of the side. But that's like running away from the responsibility,\" he said after India were handed a seven-wicket defeat by England at the Eden Gardens on Sunday to trail the four-match series 1-2.\"Of course there are others who will decide. There is BCCI and the administrative people who also want to look into that\", Dhoni said at the post-match press conference.Dhoni, whose Test form has also come under the scanner, said it was his responsibility to get the team together and prepare for the next match.\"For me, my responsibility is to get the team together and be prepared for the next Test match. This is where experience will count. You have got the right mix of experienced and fresh guys\", he pointed out.\"As a leader, this is a challenge that has been thrown up to me or towards me. It's always good to lead a side when everybody is doing well. That's a time when you don't need a leader. Leading a side is when the team is not doing well.\"You would try to gel the team well and back the senior guys and try to move in the right direction.\"Asked whether he's still the best person to lead the Test side, he said \"the selectors are there to decide.\"The back-to-back defeats came in the aftermath of India's eight successive away defeats in England and Australia last year, which Dhoni described as the lowest phase of his career.\"I think England, Australia series were the lowest part. Because we were not really able to compete. We know what the faults are over here and we should be able to rectify those,\" he said.The series of embarrassing defeats have come incidentally after Duncan Fletcher took the coaching job before the England away series as India slipped from No 1 to No. 5.But Dhoni said it's not the time to play the blame game. \"It's wrong to question the coach. We have won quite a few series. The ODIs performance has been really good, in between we've won a Test series,\" he explained.\"Yes, we have struggled in Australia and England series and this is a series we've not done well and lost two matches. We should not really look for excuses and play the blame game, putting it on the coach. Ultimately, it's the 11 players who turn up on the field.\"Dhoni said Fletcher has got excellent technical knowledge and has guided the players in the right direction.\"He has been doing what the coaches do. He has got excellent technical knowledge about batting. He guides the players in the right direction,\" he said.\"But ultimately once you cross the rope, you're on your own. That's the time when you've to get up and retaliate to the opposition, that's where we're lacking as of now,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538691", "title": "Change of floor allowed in DDA flats", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi Development Authority has said that change of floor to persons with disability is allowed by it, subject to availability of flat and eligibility of the applicant.According to the officials, during the last one year, out of four requests received for change of floor by such allottees of DDA housing scheme-2010, one was given a flat on the ground floor. The disclosure was made by the minister of state for urban development Deepa Dasmunshi in a written reply to a question in Rajya Sabha recently.DDA's housing scheme was one of its largest with lakhs of allottees plying for 16,000 flats in areas like Vasant Kunj, Dwarka and Mukherjee Nagar. Though handing over the possession of flats to most allottees was delayed, flats in Vasant Kunj and Mukherjee Nagar have been handed over. Those allotted flats in Dwarka Sector 18 B are still waiting.DDA further said that power and water connections have been provided in most of the flats and they have made the necessary payments to agencies concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539507", "title": "Poor are greedy for knowledge, information and opportunity", "text": "Anyone who assumes that the poor in India are impoverished because they are lazy or constantly ma-ke irrational decisions ought to have been at the 'Greedy World, Needy World' discussion. Economics professor Abhijit Banerjee not only broke down the complex issue of poverty in terms that the well-heeled audience could relate to, but he also shed light on popular concerns about subsidies and the much-talked-about direct cash transfer scheme recently announced by the Centre.Banerjee, who has co-authored 'Poor Economics', explained that views about poor people fall into two extremes. There is the Victorian perspective that poor people are somehow responsible for their own fate, or the other end, which perceives the poor as victims who are entirely without any choice. But it is up to us to trust that they had reasons for the choices they made. Banerjee explained this through the example of a farmer who once told him that \"television was more important than food\". While many may see this as irrational for a poor person, Banerjee pointed out that we ourselves often make space for pleasure in any decision we make. Why then shouldn't the poor?Banerjee was joined by Anita Patil Deshmukh, the executive director of Partners for Urban Knowledge, Action &amp; Research (Pukar), who said the poor are actually greedy for more knowledge, more information and the opportunity to improve their lot. \"We believe in empowering the poor and making them agents of change.\"The session drew the audience into an enthusiastic exchange about subsidies for the poor. Banerjee resisted any mention of charity or waste. \"We must recognize humanity. As citizens, people have a fundamental right to some basic amenities,\" he said. As to whether cash transfer mechanisms would lapse into circuits of inefficiency, he optimistically said the answer lay in nuances of implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17538945", "title": "Thieves flee with steel scrap in truck on highway", "text": "GURGAON: Robbers stole steel scrap plates from a truck after holding the driver hostage at gunpoint and fled with the truck loaded with steel scrap plates on Friday night from NH-8 near Kherki Dhaula toll plaza. Police found the truck and the driver near Tauoru in Mewat on Saturday morning. A case has been registered but no arrests have been made so far.The incident took place just before the Kherki Dhaula toll plaza late on Thursday night. The driver, Jhinku, a native of Jaunpur in Uttar Pradesh was coming towards Delhi with the truck loaded with steel scrap plates from Bhiwadi and was robbed of his truck near Kherki Dhaula toll plaza.Jhinku lodged a complaint with Kherki Dhaula police on Friday. He said when he reached just before the toll plaza, four persons got into his truck forcibly. One of them held him hostage at gunpoint while a second person sat on the driving seat and drove the truck towards Rajiv Chowk. They also paid the toll at the plaza. Near Rajiv Chowk, they shifted him to a Tata Sumo car. All along they had blindfolded the driver.\"After two hours he was found on Sohna-Tauoru road, where the robbers had unloaded the goods in the truck and loaded them in their vehicle. After that the robbers tied his hands and legs with rope and left him in his truck cabin,\" said the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17538108", "title": "Is AFI next in line for govt punishment?", "text": "BANGALORE: Sports minister Jitendra Singh warned on Saturday that there could be no compromise on practices of good governance. \"We will de-recognize the federations which don't follow them. The process can't be selective. Every federation will be looked into.\"Singh said he was looking forward to encouraging and bringing sportspersons in the administration of the sports bodies. \"That is the way forward,\" he said.\"The government will definitely take action against all erring sports bodies which are refusing to include the Sports Code in their system,\" Singh told TOI. Indications are that the Athletics Federation of India, run for years by Suresh Kalmadi and then Lalit Bhanot, is in line next to face the music. The AFI elections, held in April, have come under scrutiny.Noted lawyer Rahul Mehra, who had moved Delhi high court against the AFI election, was asked to present his case before the ministry in September. He did, following which the ministry is set to either suspend or de-recognize the federation. An announcement is likely next week.Mehra told TOI that he had sought de-recognition of the federation as it had openly restricted competition during the elections.According to Mehra, clause XIV (b) (i) of the AFI statute says that any person who wants to be in the executive of the federation as a president, secretary or treasurer through an election must be a member of the previous executive.\"This is restrictive and undemocratic. The division bench of the Delhi high court had ruled so in a case pertaining to the Wrestling Federation of India in January this year. In April 2010, the sports ministry had asked AFI to do away with the clause or risk de-recognition. My question is why hasn't the ministry de-recognized AFI despite a direct order from the Delhi HC asking them to do so in case of any code violation during the election?\" Mehra asked.Another AFI clause which Mehra contested pertained to the election process. \"The Sports Code says one proposer and one seconder is enough for the election of the president or secretary. But in AFI's case, it is three proposers and three seconders. This is a violation of the code and makes the election extremely restrictive and unconstitutional,\" he argued.Mehra's other charges include non-declaration of the electoral college on the website and the absence of eminent sportspersons who must constitute 25% of the final committee. \"There may be a couple of them now but the stipulated number has not been met,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17540427", "title": "Badal seeks Rs 5,000 crore for agriculture reforms", "text": "LUDHIANA: Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal reiterated his demand for a Rs 5,000 crore package from the Centre for the implementation of agricultural diversification. He said Punjab is ready to diversify agriculture to break the paddy-wheat cycle. But this could not be done instantly. \"We have already discussed the plan with Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar and have submitted a report to him,\" said Badal.He said centres for research on maize and soya bean should be established. Justifying his demand for the special package, he cited the example of the north east, which received a Rs 9,000 crore package.The chief minister said the plight of debt ridden farmers in the state had necessitated assistance from the Centre. He pointed out that landholdings are shrinking and farmers find themselves caught in the debt trap. \"The debt of over Rs 35,000 crore is leading to farmer suicides in the state,\" Badal maintained.Elaborating on the responsibility of the Centre, the CM pointed out that agriculture may be a state subject but it is the Centre which is responsible for fixing the price of food grains as well as input costs. In his address, the Prime Minister accepted the urgent need for agricultural diversification and groundwater conservation in Punjab. He also endorsed the suggestion of a shift in focus to maize and soya bean besides fruits and vegetables but evaded the issue of the economic package.26 awarded doctoratesPrime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh , Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal, former director general, ICAR Dr R S Paroda, former secretary and former deputy director general, International Crop Research Institute for Semi-Arid Tropics, Hyderabad Dr J S Kanwar were awarded honorary doctorate in Science.He also awarded doctorates to 26 students. Three students, Pooja Manchanda, Kulbir Singh and Mandeep Kaur were awarded Dr Avtar Singh Atwal Gold Medal for 2010-2011, Sardar Kartar Singh Kahlon Gold Medal, 2010-11 and Dr P N Thapar Gold Medal, 2011, respectively by the Prime Minister. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17538153", "title": "Hughes apologizes to RWITC", "text": "MUMBAI: Current British champion and one of the leading jockeys in the world, Richard Hughes , has tendered an unconditional apology to the RWITC for making unsavoury remarks against the stewards in his autobiography and on the social media after he was suspended in February earlier this year.The RWITC stewards had held Hughes guilty for not following the trainer's instructions and thereby not allowing his mount, Jacqueline Smile, to run on merit. The stewards had suspended him for 50 days from March 11 to April 29, 2012 and had also fined him Rs 100,000.In his autobiography, 'A Weight Off My Mind', the 39-year-old Irishman had severely criticized the RWITC stewards and had said that riding in India was a nightmare and that he will never come back to the country again. Now, Hughes again wants to return to India, as the Indian Classics are about to start with the BCCL-Procam Indian 1000 Guineas on Dec 16 where Hughes is expected to ride trainer Pesi Shroff's filly Portia. For this, Hughes needs RWITC's nod again for the riding license. He had applied for the same last week.The stewards, in their meeting held last Sunday, asked for an unconditional apology from Hughes, which he mailed on Thursday and admitted that it was wrong on his part to criticize the RWITC. The stewards will consider Hughes' apology in their meeting on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17542358", "title": "Parties in Karnataka battle over who their opposition is", "text": "BANGALORE: With the Karnataka assembly polls less than six months away, political parties in the state are busy deciding who will be their main opposition at the hustings.The dubious distinction for creating this somewhat bizarre situation goes to the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party . The party made a hash of handling the rebellion, first of the moneyed mining barons, the Reddy brothers, and later of its first chief minister B S Yeddyurappa.This has given birth to two parties - the Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) led by Yeddyurappa, who quit the BJP Nov 30, and the Badavara, Shramikara, Raithara (poor people, workers and farmers) Congress or BSR Congress formed by former BJP minister and Reddy loyalist B Sriramulu.Of the two new parties, not much weightage is being given to the BSR Congress as, after its launch with a lot of fanfare, it is in the doldrums because the most vocal of the Reddy brothers and a former BJP minister, Gali Janardhana Reddy , is behind bars in Hyderabad in connection with an illegal mining case in Andhra Pradesh.However Yeddyurappa, though facing over a dozen cases of corruption and illegal land deals - he was forced to quit as chief minister in July last year over mining bribery charges - is a different ball game.His KJP may not win a significant number of seats in the coming polls but the general expectation is that it will definitely spoil the chances of the BJP retaining the power it got for the first time in southern India in May 2008.The 69-year-old Yeddyurappa, credited with leading the BJP to power in 2008, is missing no chance to position himself and the KJP - though more of himself and less of the KJP - as the main opposition to his former party.To the amusement of the state people and glee of the opposition Congress and the Janata Dal-Secular (JD-S), he has been going round claiming that chief minister Jagdish Shettar is heading a coalition of the BJP and the KJP.He started the claim even before he resigned from the BJP, pushing the state party leaders to rush to assert that Shettar is heading a BJP government and not a coalition.This attempt by Yeddyurappa, cleverly aimed at hitting the BJP the most for \"betrayal\" of its promise to make him the state party chief soon after he quit as chief minister, has forced his former party as well as the Congress and the JDS to join the debate on who their real opposition is at the next assembly polls.Shettar, a soft-spoken person otherwise, has also been pushed to become aggressive to counter Yeddyurappa.He has started asserting that Congress is the main opposition.The Congress, though hopeful of cashing in on the BJP's troubles to regain power it virtually lost in 2004 - it headed a short-lived coalition with the JD-S between 2004 and 2006 - is taking the position that the BJP is the main opposition. In its view, Yeddyurappa will damage the BJP's prospects and will not hurt its chances.The JD-S is projecting itself as the best alternative to the two national parties and is trying to embarrass the Congress by claiming that Yeddyurappa is backed by it, an allegation stoutly denied by the party.For the hapless Karnataka voter, it would be some free entertainment as the parties vying for power also fight over who their main opposition in the battle of the ballot is.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17540527", "title": "Mysore grapples with bike stunts", "text": "MYSORE: Traffic police have started investigation into the youth who met with an accident after doing stunts on his bike on Friday.A source said that the college boy, while doing stunt on his new bike, lost his balance and injured an elderly man and himself near the junction of Ramavilas Road and Sadvidya College around 10.30am. Both were admitted to hospital.Traffic cops recovered an unregistered bike from the spot. ACP (traffic) N Vishnuvardhan said, \"We were informed about the incident by residents.\"Students doing wheelies, stunts and overspeeding on bikes has become the order of the day near colleges here.In the past eleven months, police booked over 200 cases of students doing bike stunts near colleges but this hasn't stopped bikers from risking their lives as well as that of others.Girl students claim that every day boys come racing by near their college roads and do stunts but police haven't done anything to curb the dangerous practice. Not only college students but also their friends who visit college during breaks are involved in this.Sadvidya College student Ishwari said, \"Though it is dangerous, youngsters continue to perform stunts. Police do nothing to stop it. Instead of conducting a drive once a month, police must take serious action to stop them.\"Marimallappa PU College principal ME Shankrappa said \"In our college parking lot, we allow only students who have a driver's licence to park their vehicles. We tell students to follow traffic norms and wear a helmet while riding. If students do stunts on the college premises, then we'll curb it but this is happening outside the college. Police should look into it seriously.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17539711", "title": "Training facility will improve: Lt Gen Anil Chait", "text": "GAYA: Promising alround improvement in the training facilities for Gaya Officers Training Academy (OTA) of the Indian Army, Lt Gen Anil Chait, general officer commanding of the Central Command, said the Gaya Academy will be equipped with the latest training facilities to make it acquire a pride of place and produce highly motivated and skilled army officers.Lt Gen Chait was addressing the 'gentlemen cadets' and special commissioned officers at the second passing out parade of the academy in the academy drill square on Saturday morning.He said Rs 1,200 crore development plan was in place for the infrastructural development programme and allied items for the Gaya OTA.The Gaya OTA, it may be recalled, was established in July, 2011, to cater to the ever-growing requirements of the army and meet the shortage of officers.The OTA imparts basic military training to Plus II passouts under the technical entry scheme (TES) and trains non-commissioned army personnel to induct them as special commissioned officers.Lt Gen Chait hoped that the passouts of the Gaya OTA would turn out to be excellent military officers and very good citizens. He exhorted the OTA passouts to imbibe and honour the best traditions of the Indian army. A group of 38 special commissioned officers (SCOs) were inducted in the army after completing the one-year training and allotted to different units.Besides the SCOs, 136 cadets under the technical entry scheme completed basic military training at Gaya OTA and the cadets will now be joining military institutions for technical training for a period of three years for being commissioned as officers.The special commissioned officers were administered oath affirming their commitment to serve the army anywhere on land, water and air and unquestionably obey the command of officers senior to them and be ready to make the supreme sacrifice at the altar of the nation. An all-religion prayer preceded the oath-taking ceremony.Earlier, on Friday evening, the trainees presented a scintillating multi-activity display including martial arts and the best of Indian cultural mosaic including 'bhangra' and 'dandiya'. Flypast by three micro-light aircraft, horse show, body building, gymnastics, section battle and band display formed part of the multi-activity display.The cadets showed unbelievable command over the horses including jumping techniques and obedience level of the horses.Physical training and gymnastics showcased power, agility and skills of the passouts.Group commander Ashok Kumar and group commander Ankit Dagar were presented gold medals for topping the merit list in the TES and SCO categories respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17538143", "title": "Bullseye for feature", "text": "MUMBAI: Pesi Shroff-trained filly Bullseye, who had won her debut run very impressively here last month, looks outstanding among 10 contenders in the Sahaan Sprinters' Million, the feature event of Sunday's Mumbai races.There are eight races on the day, with the first starting at 1.30 pm.Selections: 1. Ace Ruler Plate (1200m): Windmill Lady 1, Tapococha 2; 2. Enrico Plate (2000m): Fifth Gear 1, Milano Green 2; 3. Nauvkhal Plate Div-II (1000m): Xenia 1, Binzz 2; 4. Deepak Raut Gold Trophy (1400m): Ascot Magic 1, Oriental Dawn 2; 5. Sahaan Sprinters' Million (1200m): Bullseye 1, Ice Zone 2; 6. Municipal Commissioner's Trophy (1600m): Black Pearl 1, Lorelei 2; 7. Sahaan Juvenile Million (1000m): Senora Bella 1, Saturday Affair 2; 8. Nauvkhal Plate Div-I (1000m): Dreamland 1, Snow Angel 2; Day's best: Bullseye", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17540011", "title": "Cheated by advocates, man wants to argue own case in Tamil in high court", "text": "MADURAI: A 67-year-old man who was cheated by advocates left, right and centre, wants to fight the case himself in the high court. While the court has permitted him to do so, it has asked him to proceed in the case in English, which is the court language. But he cannot do so as he does not know the language. Moreover, he reasons that in all subordinate courts which have dealt with the case, proceedings were in Tamil and hence he was aware of the course of the case. But now he is at a dead-end as he may have to engage another advocate to fight the case in English.Sankarapandian lives in Namaskarithanpatti village in Sivakasi taluk in Virudhunagar district. He came to participate in the mega Lok-Adalat held at the Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Saturday to settle his 12-year-old second appeal before the high court.However, he was sent back as his case was not listed. He came to Madurai district, 80 km away from Sivakasi, to attend the Lok-Adalat as per the earlier direction to settle his appeal case which is pending before the high court since 2001.When his letter was shown at the reception from where he was guided to the halls of the Lok-Adalat, he realized that his case (S.A. 158/2001) was not listed.The letter said his case was posted to December 8 at the next Lok-Adalat after notices were issued to the respondents. When TOI took up this matter with the Legal Aid Services of the Madurai Bench, they took note of the letter. The aged man was asked to come to the next Lok-Adalat for which he will be given a notice again.Sankaranpandian's case is two decades old. His father K Subbiah sold a piece of land (90 cents) to one K Ganapathiammal of Vadapatti in Sivakasi taluk by a sale deed dated December 1, 1949.Subsequently, 15 cents of the land was taken from Ganapathiammal's land for laying a road and setting up of a well. Hence, Ganapathiammal is eligible for only 75 cents of land.But Ganapathiammal executed a gift deed dated June 30, 1977 to her son K Muthurasu and his wife, in which the gifted land was mentioned as 95 cents.On the basis of this, Muthurasu who actually is eligible for 75 cents, started to sell land to the extent of 95 cents gradually over the years. When Sankarapandian's land was touched, objection was raised by Sankarapandian.Seeking a permanent injunction, Muthurasau, in 1992, filed a civil suit before Sattur Additional Munsif Court which passed orders favouring Mutharasu on December 23, 1993. Challenging the lower court order, Sankarapandian filed the first appeal before Sivakasi sub-court.After seven years of legal battling, Sankarapandian won the case. The sub-court Judge P Gopalakrishnan Pillai passed orders on September 28, 2000 setting aside the lower court's order. Aggrieved by this order, the opposite party Muthurasu filed a second appeal before the high court in 2001. From that day onwards, the matter is pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "17540985", "title": "Robbery bid foiled, 5 held", "text": "BARRACKPORE: A gang of five robbers, including a woman, was arrested and their robbery attempt foiled by Barrackpore Police at Shyamnagar near Jagaddal on Saturday. Four pipe guns, eight bullets, bombs and two daggers were seized from them.Police have been looking for the gang for the past few months. A team led by Barrackpore police commissioner Sanjay Singh and ADCP Suvankar Bhattacharya conducted a raid in Shyamnaga's Atpur at 1.30am on Saturday and caught the five from a deserted house. They were identified as Dhananjay Jadav, Mahammad Selim, Abdul Farid, Ranjan Chowdhury and Jhuma Mola.Preliminary probe revealed the gang was planning to strike a businessman's house in Kanchrapara.\"The accused were involved in several robberies at Kanchrapara, Jagaddal and Titagarh in the Barrackpore industrial belt. We are investigating if there more people are involved in the gang,\" Singh said.Barrackpore police foiled a robbery bid and arrested five gangsters including a woman in this connection from Shyamnagar near Jagaddal early on Saturday. Police also seized arms and ammunition from the criminals.Acting on a tip-off a police team led by Sanjay Singh, commissioner of Police(CP) Barrackpore, and ADCP, Suvankar Bhattacharya conducted a raid at Atpur in Shyamnagar and arrested the five robbers identified as Dhananjay Jadav, Mahammad Selim, Abdul Farid, Ranjan Chowdhury and Jhuma Mola. Four pipe guns, eight rounds of cartridges, bombs and two daggers were also seized from them.Police said that the criminals assembled in a deserted house near the Atpur ground around 1.30 am on Saturday. After a preliminary investigation police have come to know that the robbers were planning to strike at a businessman's house in Kanchrapara when they were nabbed.\"We were looking for the gang for past few months. The accused were involved in several robberies at Kanchrapara, Jagaddal and Titagarh in Barrackpore industrial belt. A woman in her early 30s was also in the gang. We are also investigating whether more persons were involved in the gang and the five are being interrogated in this connection,\" CP Sanjay Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540184", "title": "We played badly, can't blame pitch, says Virender Sehwag", "text": "KOLKATA: Virender Sehwag decided to take on the media just as he would any bowler, with candour and a flashing blade. Agreeing that India shouldn't have lost six wickets in the post-lunch session \"because the wicket was not that bad\", Sehwag began by expressing the team's disappointment and also a sense of helplessness. \"We have to work hard to bounce back in the next game,\" he said, adding hopefully: \"We are still fighting and just hope that something happens tomorrow and we're able to draw this Test. Only God can help us.\"He said it was not an embarrassment to see tailender Ashwin batting in a manner that the top order should have. \"He's also a part of our team and he's a good player and knows how to score runs,\" Sehwag pointed out.Is the Indian team not coping well with the recent retirements of Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman? \"When Pujara scored runs, guys said we've found a replacement for Rahul Dravid. You didn't wait for a couple of matches, and now you are saying that we are not coping,\" Sehwag shot back. \"It's a transition period for us. You have to give time to the youngsters and they will bounce back and score runs.In this series, we have not put the runs on the board, especially in the last two Tests.\"Who's responsible for the back-toback losses, bowlers or batsmen? \"Mera kehna maine rakhta hai idhar? (Do I have a say here)? Yeh aap log kal headline mein decide karenge kiske baarein mein kya likhna hai (this you will decide in the headlines tomorrow, who's good and who's bad),\" Sehwag said before addressing the question. \"I think we have not batted well in the two Tests and that's why we are losing.\"Someone suggested that the team was over-dependent on him. That the batting usually falls apart after he falls. \"It's all in the media,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17544197", "title": "I hope CM follows Raj dharma, says law minister Ashwani Kumar", "text": "AMRITSAR: While categorically stating that Congress party was not at all satisfied with the law and order situation in Punjab, union law and justice minister, Ashwani Kumar, expressed hope that the chief minister of Punjab, Parkash Singh Badal, will perform Raj Dharma(science of government) to ensure safety the of people in the state.Ashwani was on his maiden visit to the holy city on Sunday after taking charge of the ministry. In reply to a question about the law and order situation, especially after the incident of a broad daylight murder of an Assistant Sub Inspector, Ravinderpal Singh, allegedly by an Akali leader, he said if the chief minister refuses or fails to take any action then there will be a question to ponder upon other options.\"Party will stage dharnas and begin agitation\" he said, adding that \"Law and order is a state subject and I can hope that Punjab certainly has a lot do about it\".Expressing concern over a temerarious attack on a cop in Amritsar on December 5th he said \"When the law enforcers themselves are not safe then something is seriously wrong with the law and order situation\" adding that the reason for any state government to exist was to secure the life, liberty and property of its people.Union minister also recommended for an expeditious proceedings in ASI's murder case and hoped for credible justice. He advised the state government to vigorously enforce the law to punish the eve teasers to ensure safety and dignity of women in the society.Law minister said that he had written to all the chief ministers and Chief Justice's to setup block level courts under Gram Nayalaya's Act 2008. \"I have asked the Chief Justice's to see to it that judicial officials provide speedy and cheap justice at block levels\" he said.Stating that government was committed for judicial independence, Ashwani said the number of complaints regarding corruption in judiciary especially at low levels was on an increase which is required to be eliminated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17540176", "title": "Pakistan cricketer's accidental sip creates furore", "text": "BANGALORE: Camaraderie between India and Pakistan at the ongoing SBI T20 World Cup for the blind hit a new low on Saturday after the Pakistani delegation claimed their skipper, Zeeshan Abbasi, was served contaminated water during breakfast at the team hotel.Zeeshan, a B2-category cricketer (partially sighted up to 3 metres), accidentally sipped from a bottle of soap detergent which Pakistan manager Muhammad Bilal Satti claimed was cleaning acid. The Pak delegation alleged foul play and the player was later rushed to hospital, where he was declared 'okay'.The 32-year-old cricketer, who immediately spat out the liquid, accompanied the team for a match against Bangladesh at the Central College grounds. Zeeshan complained of uneasiness and vomited on the grounds, following which he was admitted to the MS Ramaiah Memorial Hospital on New BEL Road.Later in the day, a smiling Zeeshan was wheeled out to meet the media before being taken back for further treatment and observation. He said in a statement that in the hurry to catch the team bus, he failed to check what he was consuming.\"I was in a hurry to finish breakfast when someone said, 'Gaadi aa gayi (the bus has come)'. I reached out for a water bottle and hastily took a sip from it. It tasted bitter and my throat started burning. I spat it out immediately,\" said Zeeshan, who was discharged in the evening and declared fit to play against Sri Lanka on Sunday.Manager Satti insisted it was \"not shocking\" that such an incident occurred a day after Pakistan beat India by eight wickets in a league match at the Aditya Global Sports Grounds at Nelamangala, 22 km from Bangalore. \"We are used to drinking from the same bottles every day at breakfast, and it seems that the one that Zeeshan consumed from had some cleaning acid. It was kept on the breakfast table. We are blind cricketers. Any one of us could have picked it up,\" he said, adding that it was too early to say if it was a conspiracy.\"Zeeshan is completely fine, and is in no trouble. He was brought to the hospital after having consumed two sips of a white solution which could be diluted phenyl or soap water,\" doctors said, \"We immediately did an endoscopy and found no trace of anything poisonous.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "17540621", "title": "Vagheri hill comes alive with 'Blue Tiger' butterflies", "text": "KERI: Winter is the most pleasing season for butterfly-watching in Goa and there are some areas where one can get excellent glimpses of these butterflies in large groups.On the Vagheri hill, large assemblages of Blue Tigers are seen during the winter and also during the dry season on moist streambeds.Srushti Naik, a student of Shri Shantadurga High School, Bicholim, who visited Vagheri recently, said, \"For me, it is indeed the most soothing sight to experience a congregation of Blue Tiger butterflies.\"Issac Kehimkar, a noted researcher of Indian butterflies, said, \"The Blue Tigers are known for their need of pyrrolizidine alkaloids, essential as precursors of pheromones for the males in their courtship. That is the reason why large assemblages of Blue Tigers are often seen. They are known to migrate and roost together in large numbers in sheltered woodlands during winter and summer.\"Ramesh Zarmekar, a wildlifer from Surla-Sattari, said, \"Every year, during the winter and summer, these butterflies are seen on bruised, decaying or uprooted plants. The Vagheri hill has forested areas where large assemblages of these butterflies are seen during these days.\"The Blue Tiger butterflies are the milkweed type, meaning, they are found where milky-latex bearing plants are grown.They migrate over a short distance. The availability of larval host plants is the main reasons for movements of these butterflies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "17539450", "title": "Bail for mom accused of infanticide", "text": "SURAT: She bore the tag of being a 'murderous mom' for allegedly throwing her newborn boy from the third floor balcony of her apartment immediately after delivery. However, Pooja Sapariya (22), accused of committing infanticide, will not have to remain in prison for now. She has been released on conditional bail by the district and sessions court here on Friday on the grounds that she was under post-partum depression when her newborn was allegedly killed. She has been lodged in Lajpore sub-jail. The bail surety was given by her father-in-law Mansukhbhai Sapariya.This is a first of its kind case of 'precipitate delivery' where the court has granted conditional bail to a woman charged with infanticide under IPC Sections 307, 302 and 201.District and sessions judge M R Mengdey said the action on the part of the applicant in throwing the infant was a reaction under shock as she was not aware about the fact of her pregnancy till the time of her delivery. Also, the deceased infant was a male child and thus it cannot be said that the applicant had taken the alleged action as she had delivered a female child.The incident occurred at around 11.30 pm on October 25. Pooja flung her newborn baby boy from the third floor balcony of her apartment at Ajmal Palace in Puna area. She had packed the infant who was alive at the time of delivery in a polythene bag. A complaint was lodged by a neighbour on October 26.Pooja was married to a diamond worker Jignesh Sapariya in February this year. They had a love affair and had eloped on April 23, 2011. Subsequently, their parents accepted their marriage.\"When my client came to me, even I did not believe on the statement of the accused. Finally, I came to conclusion that it is a case of post-partum depression,\" a senior counsel Hiren Oza said.Postpartum psychosis is an example of a psychotic disorder that occurs in women who have recently delivered a baby. The syndrome is often characterized by mother's depression, delusions and thoughts of harming either herself or her infant. A woman may kill her infant while in a state of depression and subsequently develop amnesia for the complete episode of the child's death.Oza said, \"I submitted before the court that the accused had not committed the act with an intention to kill the infant and therefore, the offence punishable under Sections 302 and 307 is not made out against her.\" During August and September, 2012, she had gone with her husband to Mumbai and Valsad without any trouble. At Valsad she had even climbed 1,000 steps at a religious place, which a pregnant woman cannot. The accused was not aware of any usual signs of pregnancy, he submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542622", "title": "Kristen Stewart and Ben Affleck in sexy comedy", "text": "Kristen Stewart has revealed that she will be starring opposite Ben Affleck in a comedy movie titled 'Focus'.\"I can confirm that rumor,\" the Huffington Post quoted her as saying, referring to Internet reports that began surfacing last month.\"It's a comedy. I'm really excited about it. We start shooting in April,\" she said.Deadline Hollywood had reported on November 2 that the 22-year-old actress had entered talks to appear in the Warner Bros. production as \"an inexperienced con artist who hooks up with the more seasoned Affleck.\"According to the report, the film will be written and directed by Glenn Ficarra and John Requa, who previously teamed up on 'Crazy, Stupid, Love'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "shirva (udupi dist)", "code": "17539103", "title": "She lives only in their hearts", "text": "SHIRVA (UDUPI DIST): It's hard to believe that the grief-stricken family of Ben Barboza does not have a picture of their son and daughter-in-law Jacintha. There's only a photograph of his father Lawrence Barboza, who passed away 21 years ago.Family members said: \"They (Ben and Jacintha) have taken all the albums and photographs.\"\"They call me at least once a week. They're in our hearts,'' said Ben's mother 82-year-old Carmine Barboza. Sisters-in-law Irene, Mary, Severine and Janet, remember Jacintha as affable and eager to help others. \"She'd make sure others were comfortable or had eaten their food before looking into her own needs,'' said neighbour Albert Fernandes, who gets groceries for Ben's mother daily.Strangely enough, this family doesn't know the whereabouts of Jacintha's family. \"They lived in Valencia (in Mangalore). We heard they sold their property and now live elsewhere. We don't have their phone numbers or address. They contact us if there is anything urgent. My mother (Carmine) cannot even use the phone,\" the sisters said.Mary said amid sobs: \"We sisters would be together when they came to India. The entire trip would pass in a jiffy as we used to have so much fun. It's hard to believe she is no more.'' Gilbert Pinto, a childhood friend of Ben, said, \"I have not seen a more loving couple. The family really came together when the couple came down for a holiday.''Soon after the news broke, the house at Sarkholu, about half a kilometer from Shirva, started getting well-wishers offering their condolences. Ronald M, Ben's cousin, said: \"I cannot believe this has happened. It's very sad.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17540056", "title": "Cancer patients to protest GMCH apathy", "text": "NAGPUR: The wearer knows where the shoe pinches better than anybody else, they say. The cancer patients from the city's Government Medical College and Hospital know that what pinches them is the ill-equipped radiotherapy department of the hospital. To bring attention to their plight because of this lack of infrastructure, they have decided to stage a dharna on the hospital premises from Monday. Social activists like Umesh Choubey, Prakash Mirkute and Avinash Telang are also supporting these patients.Inadequate facilities, including less equipment, technicians and medicines, have always irked the patients of the hospital. What has caused this reaction is that with only one cobalt unit machine in the department, patients have to wait up to three to four months to get their appointments.\"Since most patients who come to the hospital are economically weak, they do not have an option to go to some other city or hospital for treatment. The long waiting period only makes matters worse as many of the patients are even small kids while some other patients are at a stage where they can not afford to wait for such long periods,\" said Suresh Kale, one of the patients and the coordinator of the Government Cancer Hospital Protest Action Committee. He says that many times patients either do not return to the hospital or decide to discontinue the treatment altogether because of inefficiencies of the hospital.Kale also feels cheated as a patient as the government has not kept its promise to create a state-of-the-art cancer treatment centre on the lines of Mumbai's JJ Hospital at GMCH. \"Even when the medical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit came to the city to talk about the problems of the hospital, he ended up going away without discussing any of the problems. He did not realize that if these problems continue, the cancer department may shut down for lack of patients. The hospital recently started a postgraduate course in radiotherapy. What use would this course be of if there are not enough patients for these students to attend to,\" asked Kale.Only one cobalt unit for thousands of patients means that a patient has to wait for at least 3-4 months for an appointment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17539063", "title": "16 vehicles damaged in clash over parking fees", "text": "PUNE: Sixteen vehicles parked near a slum in Gultekdi were badly damaged on Saturday, following a dispute between two groups over the issue of collecting parking fees.Suspects Akram Shaikh and Raju More, responsible for the incident, were arrested for damaging the vehicles after their involvement came to light during investigations. Police have launched a hunt to trace the third suspect Aziz Shaikh, Akram's father who is absconding.Assistant commissioner of police (Swargate division) Vasant Sonawane and his team, who reached the spot after receiving information about the incident, told TOI that two groups involved in collecting fees from autorickshaws and tempos parked on government land clashed. Both provide security to the vehicles to prevent thefts during the night.Sonawane said that one group led by Tanaji Gaikwad collects Rs 5 per vehicle and the group led by Raju More and Aziz Shaikh charge Rs 10 from vehicle owners on a daily basis.According to Sonawane, a dispute broke out when More and Shaikh asked Gaikwad to charge Rs 10 from the vehicle owners. Senior inspector Ram Pathare, in-charge of Swargate police station, said that Aziz had allegedly asked Gaikwad to pay him Rs 300 per day and threatened him with dire consequences if he did not comply. Pathare said that on Saturday at 1 am, there was an exchange of words between the groups.There are 70 to 80 autorickshaws and tempos parked around the slums in a lane. Aziz, Akram and More in a fit of anger allegedly damaged the windscreens of 16 vehicles including 15 autorickshaws and one tempo with iron rods and caused a loss of Rs 8,000. They also robbed Rs 300 from Gaikwad, before they fled.Akram and More were arrested after the police conducted a combing operation of the slum. Aziz would be arrested soon, they said. Pathare refuted reports that the incident had created any tension or a law and order problem in the area.Gaikwad has registered a complaint of robbery and mischief against the suspects under sections of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539515", "title": "Metro fares likely for Mumbai's AC locals", "text": "MUMBAI: The AC rake being manufactured at the Integral Coach Factory in Chennai for an estimated Rs 4 crore is expected to fit in at least 400 commuters, in each coach. In effect, nearly 4,500 commuters will be able to board the 12-car rake. An official said: \"We may withdraw one rake link from the existing time table to accommodate these AC services. The rake link will be planned to ensure at least four services are run during peak hours.\"Explaining the reason for not taking the services all the way up to Virar, the official said: \"We are not sure if there will be an enough takers for AC services between Virar and Dahisar. Initially, the AC local will run on a trial basis. It is practical to have services between Churchgate and Borivli to get a fair idea of scheduling and demand.\"The official said: \"The design of the rake will be similar to the ones operating on Kolkata and Delhi metro. Though the fare structure has not been decided, it is assumed it will be on a par with the Mumbai metro fare devised by the urban development ministry.\" The rakes will have a vestibule design. Adecision on a reserved coach for women commuters is yet to be taken. But the rakes will not have any first class or vendors' coach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17540934", "title": "Elections to be held In January next year", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: The ruling Congress seems to have decided to test the waters before the next general election by conducting the cooperative society polls in the state. Brushing aside apprehensions of the incumbent chiefs of the societies that the party was not in a position to retain a majority of seats, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has decided to go ahead with the polls.As per the schedule, elections to the Primary Agriculture Societies (PACS) will be held in two spells in the third week of January next, and elections to the district banks (DCCBs) will be held in the last week. The enrollment of new voters will begin from December 10 and the final list of electors will be published by January 10, 2012.The argument of a select team of cabinet ministers, who influenced the CM in conducting the elections, would give them a clear idea of the ground situation ahead of general elections, and would help them take corrective measures depending on the outcome of the polls. However, many of the DCCB chiefs were reported to have strongly opposed the idea of conducting elections at this juncture saying it would only add new troubles to the party, already grappling with infighting.All the incumbent chairpersons of the district central banks have already got four extensions giving them an additional term of two full years in the office. The elections to the cooperative societies in the state were last held in 2006 when YS Rajasekhara Reddy was at the helm. The Congress party made a clean sweep of the societies in the state as it won all the 22 posts despite the opposition TDP giving a tough fight. Sources said cooperation minister Kasu Krishna Reddy had been insisting on the elections for nearly a year now. Due to adverse political conditions, the chief minister kept the issue in abeyance and finally cleared the decks after he gained the confidence that he could last full-term . However, speculation among the Congress leaders is that the situation at the grass root level is still not in favour of the ruling party and the results of societies would have an impact on the prospects of the party in the general elections.A DCCB chairman of coastal districts said the chief minister and cooperation minister were making a blunder ahead of the crucial general elections as losing majority district central banks would make it difficult for the party to keep cadres in the party fold. Although, the minister for cooperation was referring to the constitutional obligation for conducting the elections before February 24, a senior bank manager said that the government could extend the terms of office of the incumbent governing boards for six and a half years. Out of this the government utilized only four and a half years.\"The ruling Congress would have safely crossed the hurdle by extending the term of the coop societies by another two spells instead of facing defeat just before the general elections,\" said another district bank chairman on condition of anonymity.Sources said the grass root level situation was not in favour of the Congress even in the home constituency of cooperation minister, Narasaraopet. \"Except a few staunch followers, many of our leaders jumped the fence and are working for the YSR Congress. We will be left red-faced once the elections are over,\" observed a Congress leader from Narsaraopet. Elections to about 2249 cooperative societies will be held in the first phase and the winners of societies would subsequently elect the district chiefs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17540358", "title": "City Shatabdi to Moga fails to impress on Day 1", "text": "LUDHIANA: The maiden journey of the Ludhiana Shatabdi to Moga was disappointing with 1,035 of the 1,050 seats vacant. Lackadaisical response to the train could be attributed to inflated fares and lack of public awareness.According to railway sources, of 1,050 seats, 660 were in executive class and 345 in chair car. They said the extension of the Ludhiana Shatabdi, twice a week on Monday and Saturday, was not publicized enough.Inflated fares for the chair car and executive class Rs 295 and Rs 565, respectively, for a distance of about 69km also intimidated many. City station superintendent R K Sharma said, \"I agree that there were few bookings on the inaugural day. The response will not be good initially but we are trying our best to create awareness among people.\"However, the station superintendent refused to accept the argument of inflated fares. \"I don't accept that the fares are high. Railways have very rational fares,\" he asserted.According to railway sources, of 1,050 seats, 660 were in executive class and 345 in chair car. They said the extension of the Ludhiana Shatabdi, twice a week on Monday and Saturday, was not publicized enough. Faridkot based Manjit Singh, travelling from Delhi to Moga in the chair car said, \"The food served in the chair car is neither good nor bad. Besides, cleanliness is not as impeccable as the other Shatabdis like the Amritsar and Chandigarh Shatabdhi.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543885", "title": "Cheryl Cole sues US 'The X Factor'", "text": "Singer Cheryl Cole has sued the US version of singing reality show \"The X Factor\" for 1.4 million pounds - for not paying dues after sacking her as a judge last year.Cheryl, 29, was dumped by show boss Simon Cowell after she shot for just two auditions episodes. She was replaced by singer Nicole Scherzinger .The lawsuit filed by Cheryl against Cowell and the team includes 62,000 pounds each year for clothes and 16,000 pounds for hair and make-up.She also wants 9,400 pounds-a-month for rent which she says was promised and 1,600 pounds-a-month for living expenses, reports thesun.co.uk.\"Everyone is surprised by the lawsuit. No judge would be paid for a season they didn't appear on,\" a source said.Cheryl claims they promised 1.1 million pounds for season one and 1.25 million pounds for season two -- and expenses, she says, weren't paid for either series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17542129", "title": "Cheryl Cole is suing former singing reality show", "text": "After being unceremoniously dropped from her big ticket show as a judge, many thought Cheryl Cole would make a quiet exit. However, the former 'Girls Aloud' singer, who was dumped as a judge on the US version of X Factor, is now suing the show's producers saying they owe her $2.3 million in payments. The 29-year-old star, who was a popular judges table on X Factor UK, was brought to judge the American version amidst much fanfare in 2011.The deal soon feel through though after the singer was asked to leave the show even before the first season started. Cole now is demanding money after sources say that she signed a 'Pay or Play' contract with the production house that promised her $1.8 million for the first season and $2 million for the second even if she didn't make an appearance on the show. The sources add that producers also promised to pay her several miscellaneous expenses for each season, which include $100,000 as wardrobe allowance, $25,000 for a personal stylist, $15,000 per month for her hotel expenses in Los Angeles as well as $2,500 every month for other living expenses.Unfortunately for Cole though, she was fired within days as producers realised that American audiences wouldn't fail to understand her heavy Geordie accent. After her exit, it was former Pussycat Dolls singer, Nicole Scherzinger who stepped into Cole's shoes, who was then herself replaced by popstar Britney Spears . While Cole has admitted that she was paid $1.8 million for Season One, she says producers still owe her $2 million for Season Two besides the money for her other expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17544900", "title": "Consumer forum slaps fine on bank for freezing account without reason", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district consumer disputes redressal forum, directed the bank to compensate a man for freezing his account and not allowing him to withdraw money from his account for a year. The bank seized the account without any reason.In this case, the complainant had deposited the compensation received by him out of the agricultural land in his savings account with the Oriental Bank of Commerce . From February 2009, the bank seized the account, without giving any information and no amount was permitted to be withdrawn from his account. Though the complainant visited the branch several times to know why his account had been seized, he was never given the reason.The complainant sent a notice to the bank. Later, he also filed a writ petition in the high court, and the court ordered that the bank manager should tell the complainant as to why his bank account had been seized, and that the complainant should be allowed to withdraw from his account. However, after the bank did not comply with the order, a criminal contempt was filed, and the order said that \"the bank account of the complainant be immediately made operative and for the loss occasioned he should move the appropriate forum\".The complainant had about Rs 2.57 lakh in his account, yet he couldn't use the money as the account was seized for a year, between February 2009 and February 2010. Though the bank accepted that the account of the complainant was seized, it did not give the reason to the consumer forum. The bank allowed the complainant to operate his account only when he filed the criminal contempt.The forum observed that \"the bank cannot on their whims disallow a person from operating his own account. By refusing the complainant to operate his own account for no justifiable reason the bank has certainly committed gross deficiency in service\". The forum further observed that the complainant is entitled to get compensation not only for the mental and physical harassment caused to him but also for the financial loss occasioned to him due to the acts of the bank and for spending unnecessary expenditure on the litigation.The bank was asked to pay Rs 33,000 as compensation to the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17544202", "title": "Statistical highlights of third India-England Test", "text": "KOLKATA: Statistical highlights of the fifth day and final day's play in the third Test between India and England on Sunday.# R Ashwin's unbeaten 91 is his second highest innings in Tests behind the 103 against West Indies in the 2011-12 Mumbai Test.# India could not win any of the Tests when Ashwin has registered four fifty-plus innings.# For the first time in a Test rubber, Ashwin has bagged 10 wickets or more (11 at 52.00) and amassed 200 runs or more (214 at 53.50).# Just six Indian batsmen have registered more in an innings while playing at number eight position against England.# Kevin Pietersen posted his ninth duck in Tests - his first against India.# India's last defeat (before Sunday's loss) at Eden Gardens was by 46 runs to Pakistan in 1998-99. In 38 Tests played at this venue, India have won 10, lost 9 and drawn 19.# Ashwin and Pragyan Ojha put on 50 for the 10th wicket -- India's second highest against England at Eden Gardens, behind the 51 between Nadkarni and Chandrasekhar in January 1964.# Alastair Cook has been stumped in a Test innings for the second time - the first occasion being after making a hundred (106) by Prasanna Jayawardene off Rangana Herath at Lord's last year.# Cook has set another record -- his tally of 12 hundreds in a winning cause is a record for England in Test Cricket.# Cook's match-winning innings (190) got him his second Man of the Match award against India - his fifth in Test Cricket.# After losing consecutive Tests to South Africa by four wickets at Mumbai and by an innings and 71 runs at Bangalore in 1999-2000, India have lost successive Tests for the first time in India - by 10 wickets at Wankhede Stadium and by seven wickets at Eden Gardens.# England's victory by seven wickets is their second in 10 Tests against India at Eden Gardens. The last occasion when England won two Tests in a row in India was during the 1976-77 Test series. In fact, they had lost three Tests in a row - by an innings and 25 runs at Delhi; by 10 wickets at Kolkata and by 200 runs at Chennai.# India have lost six out of the last seven Tests played against England. Since their series win by 2-1 in the 1984-85 Test series, England have won two Tests in a rubber for the first time in India.# Pragyan Ojha, with 19 wickets at an average of 25.05, is the leading wicket-taker for India in the first three Tests of the series. Graeme Swann is the top wicket-taker for England with 17 wickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539818", "title": "'Drunk' collegian rams bike into car and SUV, dies", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old biker died and his close friend, who was riding pillion, sustained severe injuries after he lost control of his vehicle and rammed it into two cars in Santa Cruz (E) early on Saturday.Police officials said the deceased, Manoj Kamte, and appeared to be drunk, but the presence of alcohol in his system can only be confirmed after the state forensic lab sends the chemical analysis report. The Vakola police have lodged a case of negligence against Kamte.The collegian, an only child, used to assist his father at their sugarcane store. The pillion rider, Faheem Qureshi (22), works as a waiter in a five-star hotel and is currently admitted to Sion Hospital. Both resided in Santa Cruz (E).\"On Friday evening, Kamte and Qureshi went to a common friend's house, where they downed a few drinks. Around 10.30pm, Kamte and Qureshi left their friend's house to buy a pack of cigarettes. As all the shops in the neighbourhood were closed, they decided to take a short ride on their bike to look for cigarettes,\" said investigating officer Sunil Mane.Around 1am, they reached military camp outpost near Gunjan society where Kamte failed to spot a speed breaker. He suddenly applied the brakes, but lost control of the bike. Spinning out of control, the bike first collided with a stationary car and grazed its side mirror. It then rammed into a stationary SUV from behind and skidded. \"Qureshi fell off while Kamte was thrown some metres away due to the impact. An autorickshaw driver spotted them and informed the Vakola police. A mobile van was sent to the spot and the victims were rushed to V N Desai Hospital in Santa Cruz (E),\" said a police officer.Around 2am, Kamte died at the hospital. \"Qureshi admitted that he and Kamte were drunk. We have sent Kamte's viscera to the forensic lab,\" Mane added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17540487", "title": "Museum on former Prez Radhakrishnan planned", "text": "MYSORE: The city will map its association with former President S Radhakrishnan.The palatial bungalow, where the philosopher stayed put while teaching at Maharaja's College, would be converted into a museum. University of Mysore, which renovated century-plus building with funding from educationist-MLC M R Doreswamy, is working on a plan to use some space at the two-storey monument for the museum. It is also planning to approach the President's office seeking assistance and guidance.Radhakrishnan, who came to Mysore in 1918, taught philosophy at Maharaja's College. He was 30 when he joined the varsity, which was just two years old then. But he moved out in three years, and rose to eminence, becoming the first vice-president and second President.Higher education minister C T Ravi on Saturday inaugurated the renovated monument and appreciated the efforts of the varsity in restoring the monument to its original beauty.The varsity used lime and mortar to renovate the building, but used cement to construct the compound wall. It has followed the norms related to conservation.Hitch in shifting of studentsUoM's plan to move the department of studies in philosophy to the renovated mansion has encountered a problem. Philosophy students have opposed the proposal and have petitioned registrar P S Naik. Their contention is that the department is one of the oldest in Manasa Gangotri, the PG campus, and has its own heritage value. They are also arguing that the villa is not student-friendly-it lacks internet connectivity, canteen, library and transport facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "17539035", "title": "Once-a-day water supply will continue", "text": "PUNE : Once a day water supply is likely to become a permanent feature of Pune city with the state government refusing to increase city's water quota. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Saturday said that Pune will not get additional quota beyond the sanctioned 11.5 TMC and hence once a day water supply will continue.Speaking at the district planning and development council (DPDC) meeting on Saturday, Pawar said, \"Last year, at this time, dams providing water to the city had storage of 21.82 TMC while today it is 21.74 TMC. The approved annual quota for the city is 11.5 TMC. But last year the city used 14.5 TMC water. We cannot allow Pune use a quota reserved for rural Pune.\"Pawar gave this reply in response to city MLAs' demand to resume twice a day water supply to the city. Since March this year, the city was receiving 1,000 million litres per day (MLD) water from reservoirs. After monsoon spells, the city now lifts about 1,100 MLD water. This means that the 20% water cuts have been reduced to 10%. With this the PMC can provide sufficient water to all parts once a day. But with the available quota, it cannot resume twice-a-day supply.\"The city should use maximum 1 TMC water every month. The city cannot claim more water. The state has sanctioned 2.6 TMC from Bhama Askhed dam. The PMC should start direct pipeline project and lift that water. Also, the PMC has not released even a litre of treated water for irrigation purpose. Once the PMC releases treated water for irrigation, it could be used for agriculture,\" said Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17540198", "title": "Throne of contention", "text": "The mystery of the Peacock Throne lingers on. This ornate seat once stood inside the magnificent Diwan-i-Khas in the 17th-century Red Fort, a testimony to the wealth and power of the Mughal Empire. It disappeared some 265 years ago, but an empty marble platform in the palace kept alive the mystique of this most expensive and beautiful throne ever made.For more than a century, history books said the Peacock Throne stood over this platform, until Persian invader Nadir Shah took away the throne to Iran in 1739. Even the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), in its description of the Diwan-i-Khas, says: \"Over the marble pedestal in its centre stood the famous Peacock Throne...\"But there are many reasons to doubt if the platform left behind really held the throne.Sunday Times stumbled upon a 1908 article in The New York Times archives with the headline, 'Indian treasure for Metropolitan'. It talked about Sir Caspar Purdon Clarke, the then curator of the Museum, purchasing one of the two surviving pedestals of the original marble platform. Clarke was quoted in the piece: \"...It is lavished with the most wonderful carving and the curved surfaces are all inlaid with agates, lapis lazuli, jade and carnelian. The workmanship is so extremely difficult that the piece is almost unique...There is one of its mates in England, but it is marred and chipped, the soldiers having picked many stones from it.\"After the British recaptured Delhi in September 1857 during the Revolt, they let loose a reign of terror. Vandalism and looting inside the Red Fort was extant; but order was restored after a while and Colonel Robert Tytler was put in charge of the fort. According to Sir Clarke, the original marble platform, which was studded with exquisite stones and was a marvel in inlaid marble, was destroyed and two of its pedestals lost; but Colonel Tytler and his wife Harriet, who would later document all heritage buildings in Delhi, rescued the other two pedestals of which one was in good condition. The couple retained the pedestals until Tytler's death. In 1892, Harriet sold one of the pedestals to the South Kensington Museum (now the Victoria and Albert Museum) for \u00c2\u00a320; and after her death, Sir Purdon Clarke purchased the other pedestal for the Metropolitan Museum.When this reporter sent an email to the museum seeking details of the pedestal, he was asked why he wanted to know. When told it was for a newspaper report, the museum authorities, surprisingly, stopped responding. Five more emails elicited no response. The item is not listed in the museum's online catalogue, and a gallery search, too, threw up a blank. However, the pedestal's details were found in the museum's annual bulletin of 1908 where Clarke had described the item and its purchase history. There was also a black and white photograph of it, apart from the list of acquisitions made by the museum that year. Inquiries with the Victoria and Albert Museum in London revealed they still have the other pedestal.Emperor Shah Jahan who ruled from 1628 to 1658 had commissioned the Peacock Throne. Bebadal Khan supervised the work and was given 1,150 kg of gold and 230 kg of jewels, which included the Koh-i-noor, Akbar Shah and Jahangir diamonds and the Timur ruby. The throne took seven years to complete, and Shah Jahan ascended it for the first time on March 12, 1635. French traveller Jean-Baptiste Tavernier\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwho visited India first during Emperor Shah Jahan's reign and then again during Emperor Aurangzeb's reign\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhad the opportunity of observing the throne from close quarters. He described it in his Les Six Voyages de Jean-Baptiste Tavernier (Six Voyages of Jean-Baptiste Tavernier), and historians of the past and present have relied on this description. He said it was a rectangular throne, six feet long and four feet wide and resembled a 'field bed'. It had four sturdy legs about 20-25 inches in height and an arched canopy supported by 12 columns. He did not mention any platform. Neither did Mughal miniatures depict any platform.The dimensions of the present platform are also at variance with the throne. Each of its sides is four feet. One can't imagine Shah Jahan, whose love for symmetry is well-known, settling for a 4X4 platform for a 6X4 throne. What's more, the Throne was highly ornate, while this platform has no pietra dura work on it or its four legs.The last person who saw an intact Peacock Throne and drew a sketch of it was a European artist in the train of Nadir Shah. He recorded having seen a huge, heavy throne that resembled a small camp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "london/melbourne", "code": "17540136", "title": "Australian RJs behind royal hoax call taken off air", "text": "LONDON/MELBOURNE: Two Australian radio presenters who made a prank call inquiring about the medical condition of a pregnant Kate Middleton have been taken off air, amid growing anger over the suspected suicide of Indian nurse Jacintha Saldanha who transferred their hoax call.The unconscious body of Jacintha Saldanha, 46, was found on Friday at an address yards away from King Edward VII Hospital in London. The CEO of the company that owns the radio station 2Day FM has defended the presenters involved in the royal prank phone call, saying there was no way they could have foreseen the tragic outcome of their actions, news agencies reported. Rhys Holleran, CEO of Southern Cross Austereo, said the presenters behind the call, Mel Greig and Michael Christian, were \"completely shattered\" by the nurse's death. The radio station has pulled the pair off air, he said, as a mark of respect.Saldanha answered the hoax call at 5.30 am on Wednesday morning, and was helping out on reception at the time of the prank. Giggling RJs Mel Greig and Michael Christian were pretending to be the British Queen and Prince Charles and asked her if they could be put through to Kate. Saldanha connected them to another nurse who gave details of Kate's condition, who was suffering from acute morning sickness at the London hospital.The exact cause of death remained unclear. However, media has indicated that the woman appeared to have killed herself.News of the nurse's death has prompted a furious outpouring against the radio station and the two presenters involved. Saldanha arrived in the UK a decade ago from Udipi near Mangalore in Karnataka.Holleran refused to specify whether the nurse's permission was sought before the segment aired, or at what point the company obtained legal advice. He described the nurse's death as \"a tragic event that could not have reasonably been foreseen ... we are confident we haven't done anything illegal\".Holleran said he was confident the station hadn't broken any laws, noting that prank calls in radio have been happening \"for decades\". \"They're not just part of one radio station or one network or one country \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they're done worldwide,\" he said. In a statement last night, Saldanha's family said they were \"deeply saddened\" by the death and asked for privacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538671", "title": "Rs 50L diamond fraud: Two held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two people have been arrested by the crime branch for duping a diamond merchant of Rs 50 lakh around six months ago.The accused, Deepak alias Teetar (32) and Ravi Raj Gupta alias Basu Bhai (34), had allegedly met in Tihar and had plotted to earn quick money by cheating jewellers. After getting out of jail, they rented out an office in South Extension market, which also had an exit door at the back. They then took numbers of diamond merchants from Just Dial and started looking for potential targets.When one of the merchants dropped in their office, the accused made him wait outside and escaped with the diamond from the rear exit, police said.According to DCP crime, SBS Tyagi, a merchant had complained about one Basu Bhai who had contacted him for diamonds. But when the complainant reached their office with the diamonds, the accused asked him to wait outside so that he could show it to his brother inside. Basu went in with the diamonds and never returned. After waiting for an hour, the complainant went inside only to find an empty office. Police were informed and a case was registered.The complainant's call records were analyzed for clues. \"A team, led by M C Katoch and Inspector Sudhir Gulia, was formed. On November 24, they received a tip-off that one Deepak would come to Britannia Chowk in north Delhi to sell one of the diamonds. Deepak was finally traced, arrested and the diamond was recovered. On his instance, the co-accused, Ravi Raj, was also arrested. Six diamonds, which were hidden in Kolkata, have also been seized,\" Tyagi said.Deepak was reportedly involved in 26 cases of theft and burglary.In another case, the police have arrested one of the two robbers who had allegedly looted an Indian Oil employee at gunpoint, and also forced him withdraw Rs 50,000 from his ATM. The accused, Ajay Negi, was nabbed by a team led by SHO Sarita Vihar Vijay Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17543003", "title": "The Dheena combo is back", "text": "Here's big news for Ajith and AR Murugadoss's fans. The hit combo of Dheena may team up for a film, next year. The film may start after Murugadoss completes the Hindi remake of Thuppakki with Akshay Kumar and Ajith completes his film with director Siva. Ajith has just wrapped up the shoot for Vishnuvardhan's film, in which he plays the lead along with Nayanthara. This new Ajith - Murugadoss project, we hear will be produced by Ayngaran International that had earlier associated with Ajith in Billa and Aegan . However, Aascar Ravichandran was the frontrunner for the project. If all goes well, Ajith and Murugadoss fans will be on cloud nine, we say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "jambusar", "code": "17539426", "title": "Modi is a sultan: Ahmed", "text": "JAMBUSAR: UPA chief Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel on Saturday described chief minister Narendra Modi as 'sultan', a veiled attack on his dictatorial style of functioning. Patel also dared BJP to declare him as the party's official prime ministerial candidate.\"People in Gujarat don't want a sultan, but are looking for a genuine people's representative as a ruler. Modi is working like a sultan,\" he said addressing a rally in Jambusar.Slamming Modi for his jibes on Congress for not declaring their chief minister candidate, Patel said if BJP has the courage, they should announce Modi has their official prime minister nominee. He also mentioned that Rahul Gandhi will lead the charge of campaigning for 2014 Lok Sabha polls. \"But BJP does not have that morality,\" he said.Referring to Modi's Ahmed 'Miyan' Patel comments, the Congress leader said he does not need to react to such remarks. \"I have not imbibed such culture from my parents,\" he said. Patel also charged the BJP government of widening the divide between the poor and rich.Meanwhile, around 50 BJP workers of Jambusar joined Congress in the presence of Patel and actor-turned-MP Raj Babbar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "story", "code": "17544591", "title": "Choopkatha", "text": "Story: This is a story of love that happens out of marriage. Not the hot steamy one with mostly a bed in the frame, but one more subtle. Years later, the lovers come together, albeit under changed circumstancesMovie Review: The film starts with a hospital scene, its more than a scene since it lasts a good 45 minutes before interval comes as a saving grace. The opening song, Tomar kheya badhbe bolo , really tugs at the heart strings, and Rajkumar has done a good job with the rest as well. The directors have saved cost using the maidan to the hilt. Love, melancholy, euphoria, there's maidan in every scene. And trams. Alas, kolkata has more to it. The plot is a bit Vladimir Nabokov, a bit of Nishabd. Silajit is a domesticated 9 to 6 office goer, with the entire package of a son and wife. Payel enters his peaceful life with all the promises of youth. The two fall for each other, in a silent passive way and then move apart. The film tends to stretch on and on. Be it the prolonged hospital scene, or the dinner after Silajit is in hospital, the directors must take note of such prolonged moments, although its an emotional drama. Silajit, is somewhat detached and dark, with a stoop that says a lot about the actor in the singer Silajit. He reminds the connoisseur of Heathcliff from Wuthering Heights. Be it his desperate helpness of falling in love with a friends sister, or a simple statement advising his wife to cross roads safely, the man knows how to do it. The directors could have used him more for some brilliant moments. However, Aparajita simply holds the film together at the docile and dutiful, yet understanding bengali wife. Be it her limp, her emotional breakdown when her husband is in ICU or her mundane daily tasks, the lady is just great. She knows what's happening, \" jani tumi firbei, hochot kheyona ,\" is just brilliant in its subtelity. The way she switches between motherly affection and unconditional love for her husband, is brilliant. Payel however could have done more as a young woman struggling between her love for a married man and her duty in life. Specially when she is shown as an established doctor, most of the time she has a deadpan expression, which becomes more accentuated when Bhaswar is in the same shot. The director duo know the nuances of camera work, and hopefully will keep getting better. However, the script is almost a done to death one, and without any cognizable twists, will surely not hold the audience's attention. Watchable we say, albeit a bit boring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17540729", "title": "Agitations today to mark Centre\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 3-year Telangana-dithering", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pro-Telangana political parties including the TRS and BJP have lined up demonstrations for Sunday to mark the third anniversary of the Centre's assurance on the formation of a separate state. While the TRS will conduct a torchlight parade on Necklace Road, the BJP is to launch a three-day deeksha starting Sunday.In their bid to step up pressure on the Centre, both the parties plan to intensify the agitation by demanding that the government move a bill on Telangana in Parliament prior to the all-party meeting slated for December 28. \"The all-party meeting is an eyewash. There is no need of such a meet when all the political parties have already given their opinion on the issue. We demand that the government move the bill in the ongoing session of Parliament. This will be the thrust of the deeksha on Sunday to mark the third anniversary of the Centre assuring Telangana state,\" said G Kishan Reddy, state president of BJP.On December 9, 2009, then Union home minister P Chidambaram had stated that the process of formation of Telangana state would start, but within 14 days, went back on it following pressure from the Seemandhra leaders.B Vinod Kumar, a politburo member of TRS, said his party would take out a torchlight parade on Sunday evening. The Telangana Political Joint Action Committee (T-JAC ) has planned to organise a candlelight parade across Telangana on Sunday and Telangana activists would take out the march in all the assembly segments in the region. A T-JAC leader said agitation programmes would be launched in all the assembly segments represented by the leaders of Congress, TDP, and YSR Congress, starting December 13. And the programmes will culminate on December 23 which would be observed as Vidroha Dinam (day of betrayal).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17542189", "title": "Champions Trophy: Pakistan beat India 3-2 to clinch bronze medal", "text": "MELBOURNE: India will once again return empty-handed from the Champions Trophy after losing 2-3 in the bronze medal play-off against arch-rivals Pakistan, who walked away with their first medal in the event in eight years.Pakistan scored through Muhammad Rizwan Junior (22nd minute), Shafqat Rasool (41st) and Muhammad Ateeq (66th) to overcome India, for whom V Raghunath (70th) and Rupinder Pal Singh (70th) scored through penalty corners.Three-time Champions Trophy winners Pakistan's last medal came at Lahore in 2004, where too they won the bronze by overcoming India in the play-off.In fact, Pakistan's last four medals in the Champions Trophy have come at the expense of India, who have lost bronze medal matches to Pakistan in 2002, 2003, 2004 and now in 2012.India, who came to the Champions Trophy on basis of a wildcard after finishing last in the London Olympics, took the early lead when VR Raghunath converted a penalty corner by sending a low drag-flick into the left corner.Pakistan then applied pressure to cause problems for the Indian defence, while at the other end, the Indian forwards messed up some openings due to their wayward shooting.Pakistan equalised in the 22nd minute through Muhammad Rizwan Junior, who sent a soaring shot from top of the circle after being put in possession by Fareed Ahmed.India created a lot of openings in the next 10 minutes, but failed to score, and were lucky to be tied 1-1 at half-time as unmarked Muhammad Waqas shot wide after getting a loose ball on top of the circle.India started the second half by earning a penalty corner, but Raghunath's shot was too weak to cause any threat to the rival goal.Pakistan went ahead seven minutes into the second session when Rasool's bouncing shot from close range beat goalkeeper TR Potunuri.Pakistan then enjoyed the edge as India's strikers repeatedly faltered in the rival territory, which was often packed as Pakistan slowed down the pace of the game and fell back to defend the lead.The game was put out of India's reach by Ateeq's penalty corner conversion in the 66th minute, when he sent a carpet shot into the right corner give Pakistan a 3-1 lead with four minutes remaining.India forced two penalty corners in the last two minutes and Rupinder converted the last of their five penalty corners with a firm shot in the 70th minute.Defending champions Australia are pitted against Olympic Games silver medallists Netherlands in the final, to be played later in the day.Belgium took the fifth place with a 5-4 victory through a golden goal, while New Zealand pushed England to the bottom spot by prevailing 3-2 in the playoff to decide the seventh position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "17542130", "title": "Govt wants Indian Institute of Public Health to map all health centres", "text": "VADODARA: The Indian Institute of Public Health (IIPH) which had been asked to asked by the government to do GIS mapping of all primary health centres and suggest locations for new PHCs to cater to increase in population, has recommended that every industrial cluster like JDIC area should have primary health centres with special focus on occupational health. Revealing this to TOI, IIPH Director, Dileep Mavlankar says all the government medical colleges should also have atleast one occupational health specialist each, who can be consulted for patients reporting in PHCs with occupational diseases or accidents. \" Once our new building comes up, the IIPH is also going to start Master of Public Health in Occupational Health,\" Dr Mavlankar revealed.The need to focus on occupational health is great In India, where labour is cheap and easily available. Given high levels of mortality and accident rates in work places,the area should not be left neglected anymore. \"the first step is to ensure comprehensive data or surveys,\" the public health expert suggested at a seminar on Occupational Health Movement in India which was organized by Peoples' Training and Research Centre (PRTC) organization, here, recently.The gathering of doctors, industry representatives, workers, NGOs was addressed by prominent names such as Sanjiv Pandita, Director, Asia Monitor Resource Centre, Hong Kong, Sugio Furuya, Secretary General, Japan Occupational Safety and Health Resources and Asian Ban Asbestos Network, and Jagdish Patel, executive director of PTRC, besides Dr Mavlankar. The seminar, held on the 28 th anniversary of Bhopal Gas tragedy, was to mark the 20 years of existence of PTRC.\"In the absence of specific diagnosis-- which could be due to any reason, lack of medical professionals, facilities, diagnostic tools, workers' hesitation or inability to avail of the available facilities, or, sometimes, doctors unwillingness to specify cause of death- there is no comprehensive data available to show us the extent of occupational deaths or diseases,\" said Dr Dileep Mavlankar.Even the ESI hospitals, which specifically cater to workers were not focused on data gathering and in a nation, where one dead workers can be immediately replaced with another, more needy worker, this area continues to remain neglected, speakers said. \"Governments' focus in on terms like productivity and development, occupational deaths and accidents then become merely collateral damage,\" the speakers pointed out.In the absence of proper diagnosis, the worker and his family also lose out on compensation for diseases or deaths. \"Since most of these happen to be male adults and often only beard earners of their homes, the entire family suffers.The economic loss of such families is never taken into account while making plans and policies, \" they said.\"Our society is not generally oriented towards taking basic precautions at workplaces, which is adding to the problem, but this alone can prevent so many accidents and deaths,\" said a worker from a leading industrial concern who described how simple things as wearing gloves and masks had contributed to the improved health of the workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17540616", "title": "Rama Theertham: where religions meet", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: A confluence of Hindu, Jain and Buddhist traditions, Rama Theerthalu or Ramatheertham, a small village, about 15 kms away from Vizianagaram in Nellimarla mandal of the district, is a unique pilgrimage centre where pilgrims and locals alike worship the Tirthankaras, Buddha and Lord Rama.The Ramula Swami temple, as it is popularly known in local parlance, is 1,000 years old and has idols of Lord Ram, Sita Devi and Lord Lakshmana plated in silver. Spread out on three bare granite hills, Bodhikonda, Durgakonda and Gurubhakunta Konda are remains of an ancient Jain temple and an extensive Buddhist monastery that dates back to 3rd century BC.Explaining the significance of the place, chief priest Guruvugaru observed, \"Rama Theerthalu signifies the essence of Sanathana Dharma. It is a place where people who believed in different schools of thought interacted with each other, co-existed and learnt from one another. It is a place where the agnostic, atheist and the believer come together in harmony.\"Stressing on this point, Duvvuri Varahalu, a resident of Vizianagaram ( Oruganti Vaari Veedhi) said, \"Though it is popular for the Buddhist and Jain remnants and the Rama Temple, there is also an ancient Shiva temple in the vicinity. The beauty of Rama Theerthalu lies in the fact that it is a unique collage of different traditions - smarthic and non-smarthic. Of course there are skeptics, who believe that Hindu tradition came into existence much later. It could not have been possible because Jainism and Buddhism never really replaced the Vedic way of life.\"However, there are a few who believe that the entire place was a massive Jain and Buddhist centre, and hence the Vaishnavite connect. The site is surprisingly well-maintained and unlike other Buddhist and Jain monuments in the region, is not dead.\"One should come here during Ramanavami and Vaikuntha Ekadasi. All the three hills teem with life and are lit up with lamps. Thousands of pilgrims also come here during the Shivaratri fest. At the end of the day, the pilgrims worship at the Buddhist relics, the Jain temple (dedicated to one of the Tirthankaras) and the Rama temple, how does it matter if they call themselves Hindus today?\" queried one of the priests at the temple, laughing at the notion of Hinduism poaching on what was once a Buddhist and Jain centre.Pointing out that Buddha himself is still worshipped as a Hindu god, an avatar of Vishnu, he said that Buddhism never really died in India, especially in Rama Theerthalu.The temple is now under the control of the Devasthanam board and the trustees are the scions of the Vizianagaram family. Though Rama Theerthalu never earned the fame that Simhachalam did, it is a pilgrimage centre that holds a charm of its own and draws many non-believers too.Emani Uttam Prasad, an avid trekker and a keen photographer observed, \"I may not be interested in the temple but the place is enchanting and above all a great spot to trek.\"Overlooking the Nellimarla valley, Rama Theerthalu could be considered the most scenic pilgrimage centre in Vizianagaram district. Archeological Survey of India officials in charge of the site said, \"We have done a lot of work on the site as we believe that the place has more to offer. The Buddhist site, according to our senior archeologists, is probably much bigger than what we think it is today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "17544537", "title": "Constable kills wife, daughter for dowry", "text": "NIZAMABAD: A police constable allegedly killed his wife and daughter here over dowry demand, police said on Sunday.Constable T Venkatesh, attached to Tadwai police station under Kamareddy sub-division, hit his 28-year-old wife Vanaja and seven-year-old daughter with a blunt weapon at their house late last night causing multiple head-injuries following which both of them died on the spot.The accused then fled from the house, police said. Venkatesh, a habitual drunkard, who was earlier suspended on three occasions on charge of quarrelling with others, got married to Vanaja in 2003 and allegedly started harassing and beating her demanding dowry for the past five years, Nizamabad Circle Inspector N Saidulu told PTI.\"The two bodies were lying in a pool of blood. Venkatesh is absconding since the incident,\" Saidulu said.A case was booked under sections 302 (murder) and 498A (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) of IPC and a hunt has been launched to nab the culprit, he added.A relative of the deceased alleged that Venkatesh repeatedly harassed Vanaja for more dowry despite being given Rs 2 lakh cash and a vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17538600", "title": "Trains cancelled for rail work", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The railways has decided to cancel at least three trains and short-terminate or divert a few more under Waltair division of East Coast Railway on December 11 due to proposed development works to be carried out at Gopalapatnam railway station. The work would be carried out for nearly six hours, according to an official release here.The trains to be cancelled for the day are Visakhapatnam-Kirandul passenger, Vizianagaram-Visakhapatnam passenger and Visakhapatnam-Palasa passenger. Besides, Visakhapatnam-Palasa EMU will be run from Vizianagaram, instead of Visakhapatnam, to Palasa.These apart Chennai-Puri weekly express will be diverted via Duvvada skipping Visakhapatnam. Hence for the convenience of passengers, the train will have stoppage at Duvvada on that day only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17540000", "title": "Students have fun making animation film", "text": "NAGPUR: The joy of Thomas Alpat, a student of Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV) in Vayusena Nagar, knew no bounds when he heard his own voice in German language for the character of 'Ogre' in an animation film based on the fairy tale 'Puss in the Boots'. But this was not the original film made by Chris Miler, the director of 'Shrek'.Alpat was a part of a team of students that participated in a workshop on 'animation filmmaking', organized by the Max Muller Bhavan and sponsored by Goethe Institute from Mumbai, at LAD College on Saturday. The workshop was specially meant for students learning German language.In fact, some deaf and dumb students from Shankar Nagar School also did a wonderful job by using different fruits like pineapple, apple and pomegranate and putting them together to make components for a character in the film. Manohar Pande, a student from the School of Scholars, was equally thrilled to be a part of this workshop.The workshop also had students from three other Kendriya Vidyalayas from the city, the School of Scholars, AlA and the photography students of LAD College. \"We have a long association with the Goethe Institute and so we provided our venue for the workshop. It was a really good experience even for me. Students from deaf and dumb school were simply marvellous,\" said LAD principal Shyamla Nair. LAD students, too, found the workshop an enriching experience with photography clubbed with animation filmmaking.Gaurav Juiaal, anchor of Art Attack (Indian version), a show of Disney productions that features making art work from the unconventional, was the resource person at the workshop. Juiaal told TOI that the six-minute movie was shot in two halves of three minutes each in Nagpur and Ahmedabad. \"Nagpur students were better. They were too good at making paper cutouts and drawings, which will be used in stages and then put together using a still camera for the animation,\" he said.Manjari Palicha from Max Muller Bhavan said the workshops were being conducted to celebrate 200 years of the 'Grimm's Fairy Tales', a compilation of German fairy tales written by the Grimm brothers in 1812.We have a long association with the Goethe Institute and so we provided our venue for the workshop. Students from deaf and dumb school were simply marvellousShyamla Nair | principal, ladThe students were too good at making paper cutouts and drawings, which will be used in stages and then put together using a still camera for the animationGaurav Juiaal | anchor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17540651", "title": "Varanasi ghats to get a facelift", "text": "VARANASI: The majestic riverfront of the city and the lanes leading to the historic ghats may undergo a facelift soon under the Clean India Campaign of the Ministry of Tourism, Government of India.A group of travel and tour operators, hoteliers, NGOs and others led by secretary tourism Parvez Dewan and additional director general, tourism, Usha Sharma made a visit to the city and inspected the ghats on Saturday. After an inspection of the entire stretch of the riverfront through a boat ride, they also held a meeting on the banks of Ganga at Rajendra Prasad Ghat. They were here to explore the avenues of development on public private partnership model.\"Though further discussion and final decisions would be taken in Delhi, the main emphasis of this visit was to identify the ghats and lanes, and hold talks with interested private partners for the adoption of these culturally significant places,\" Avinash Mishra, deputy director, UP Tourism told TOI. Mishra was accompanying the visiting group. According to him, the development works would be funded by the Government of India while the private partners would look after the maintenance and proper cleaning of the facilities. All the modalities would be chalked out as per the prescribed norms of the campaign.It may be mentioned here that in 2009, the Ministry of Tourism conducted an independent study to identify major gaps that existed in terms of infrastructure and service delivery at major tourist destinations. According to the report, various infrastructure and service related attributes were categorized based on their perceived level of importance and satisfaction levels. The key factors that were categorized as low in satisfaction and high in importance included, hygiene and sanitary conditions in and around the destinations, solid waste management, and absence of hygienically maintained public amenities like toilets.The Ministry of Tourism has been undertaking a major domestic social awareness media campaign under the brand of 'Atithi Devo Bhava'. Actor Aamir Khan is the brand ambassador of the campaign since 2008. However, according to the report, it was felt that the social awareness campaign, though a step forward, was not enough to meet the magnitude and pervasiveness of the problem of lack of hygiene and cleanliness.The need was to put in a comprehensive strategy, in consultation and partnership with the key stakeholders, providing for multi-pronged action. Hence, the Clean India Campaign was proposed.The campaign aims at creating a collective mindset of hygiene and cleanliness. It will employ a balance of persuasion, education, sensitization, training, demonstration and regulation for achieving its goal. The approach will be comprehensive and inclusive. It will involve every strata of the society, people of every age, institutions on a wide spectrum - schools, colleges, NGOs, professional bodies and the governments.Though cleanliness is everyone's mandate, the Ministry of Tourism is justified in taking the lead as clean-India is a pre-requisite to achieving the targeted growth of tourism. The report says that tourism is now being recognized as one of the key drivers of growth and employment generation in the country. Its contribution (both direct and indirect) to the GDP is estimated at about 6% and it generates over 9% of total employment in our country. The growing dimension of tourism in the country is evident from the fact Domestic Tourist Visits (DTVs) increased from 236.5 million in 2001 to 740.2 million in 2010. The Foreign Tourist Arrivals (FTAs) in the year 2010 were 5.78 million. Foreign Exchange Earnings (FEE) grew by 18% during the period 2001 to 2010 and stood at US$ 14.19 billion in the year 2010.However, despite these encouraging trends, the tourism potential of the country, especially in a global context, remains far from realized. This is evident from the fact that the country attracts only 0.6 per cent of the global tourist arrivals. The scope for growth could thus be phenomenal. It is in appreciation of this possible growth that the PM's National Skill Development Council has identified Construction, Tourism &amp; Hospitality, Health care and Information Technology, as sectors for focus for maximum job creation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17539916", "title": "A club where Masti lives on", "text": "BANGALORE: A verdant roof garden restaurant, a spacious cards section, well-maintained billiards and table tennis courts, a swanky multi-gym and a stylish bar counter - the Basavanagudi Union and Service Club at Tagore Circle has all the delights any other prestigious club in the city offers. But what sets this centennial club apart is its rich past and the socio-cultural vestiges it carries of the garden city. And the club's golden memories associated with renowned Kannada writer Masti Venkatesh Iyengar, one of its earliest members, make it even more special.In the beginning of the 20th century, some residents of South Bangalore, especially retired government officials, felt the need for the amenities of club life, which hitherto was the privilege of officials residing at the cantonment. Thanks to the efforts of volunteers led by B Venkatanarayanappa, a retired professor of Central College , Basavanagudi Union Club came up in 1901. In 1939, philanthropist KS Aiyer constructed a huge hall for the club -- \"As an octogenerian's tribute to the climate and amenities of the garden city\".As you walk into the club, you'll feel the predominant presence of Masti's memories in its premises. A huge portrait of the legendary writer is hung in the Masti Library, along with portraits of other luminaries of Kannada. The library is a treasure-trove of Kannada literature, with a rare collection of Masti's editorials in the periodical 'Jeevana'.Masti became a club member in the early 1940s after his retirement from the Mysore Civil Service. The 'father of short stories' has numerous parables woven around him. Talk to old-timers at the club and their faces glow at the very mention of the name Masti. \"He would come to the club sharp at 6pm and leave at 8pm. He was fond of playing cards, but the stakes were just half-a-paisa to 2 paisa and never more. It was a pleasure sharing the table and listening to his pearls of wit and wisdom,\" recalled M Rangashayi, who's been a club member since 1957. \"However, he was dead against drinking in the club. When opening a bar at the club became inevitable, he didn't enter it even once,\" the octogenarian said, slipping into nostalgia.Masti regularly visited the club till his death in 1986. In a poem on Masti written in 1968, KS Nissar Ahmed narrates how Masti \"played the game for game's sake\".Explaining the club's sports , cultural and other recreational activities, club secretary KS Chandrashekhar said an annual card tournament in Masti's memory is held even now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540832", "title": "US expert to learn from Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: A leading environment law expert from America, who has been campaigning for protection and preservation of the water-saturated coastal regions of southern Louisiana in the US, toured the Sunderbans on Friday to learn how mangrove plantation has been taken up to prevent a repeat of the disaster in the wake of cyclone Aila in May 2009.While degradation of mangroves along the Sunderbans coast had stripped its natural defense against calamities like the cyclone, the depleted cypress cover along the Louisiana coast had similarly proved costly as hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans and other towns in the south in August 2005.\"In the Sunderbans and Louisiana swamps, we have in common fragile ecosystems that can prove extremely resilient during natural calamities. I am going to gain an insight from the practices in the Sunderbans post the disastrous cyclone three years ago. Both Katrina and Aila have shown that the coastal lands are a matter of life and death,\" said Robert VM Verchick, the professor of environmental law at Loyola University in New Orleans.South Louisiana has levee forest wetlands, deep swamps, cypress trees and fresh water and saline marshes.Verchick, who recently served in the Obama administration as deputy associate administrator for Policy at the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and helped develop climate adaptation policy for the EPA and was a member of the Interagency Climate Change Adaptation Task Force,has also authored the book Facing Catastrophe: Environmental Action for a Post-Katrina World.\"I was in Kolkata with a backpack 25 years ago and wanted to visit the Sunderbans but couldn't. That opportunity has arrived now. And it is even more relevant at this time because just like the Sunderbans where a couple of islands have disappeared due to sea level rise, the wetlands in south Louisiana, too, are disappearing. Native trips are seeing their land dissolve before their eyes,\" he explained to Sunderban Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas and members of NGOs working in the Sunderbans prior to the Sunderbans visit.Vyas and others had visited wetlands in the US earlier this year along with counterparts from the Bangladesh Sunderbans to learn about best management practices in similar ecosystems.Between 1930 and 2000, 3,900 sq km of wetland in coastal Louisiana has disappeared. Another 2,500 sq km are predicted to vanish by 2050. In the Sunderbans, Bedford has disappeared. Lohachora went under water and has remerged only recently. The sea has gobbled up a big chunk of Ghoramara too.The big difference between the Indian archipelago and the American wetlands though is the ownership rights over the coastal land. While most of south Louisiana is privately owned and leased to oil and natural gas companies, 100m wide peripheral areas of the islands in the Sunderbans are state-owned. That though is only on paper as thousands of people live on this land, grounding the embankment repair project post-Aila.There are thousands of oil rigs off the Louisiana coast that are an added threat as was proved during the BP oil spill in 2010. In contrast, there are thousands of fishing boats in the Sunderbans. It is the damages from the oil spill that is expected to fund a portion of the $40-50 billion Louisiana wetland restoration project spread over 40 years. \"Apart from protecting New Orleans, 25-30% of seafood consumed in the US is sourced from the region. Also, 17% of oil and 25% of the country's natural gas produce is from here. Thus, a century of heavy industrial activity has completely lacerated the Louisiana region, causing infinitely more damage than fishing activity in the Sunderbans,\" Verchick remarked.He added that a century of heavy industrial activity has completely lacerated the Louisiana region, causing more damage than fishing activity in the Sunderbans.But what Louisiana does not have to contend with is burgeoning population pressure. More than 4.2 million people now reside in the Sunderbansthat did not have any inhabitants 200 years ago. \"That makes planning and implementation of any climate action plan in the delta that much difficult,\" Vyas pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17540989", "title": "CM warns party dadas in South 24-Pgs", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to avert anti-incumbency in a district where the party runs the zilla parishad and has won most of the assembly and Parliament constituencies, Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee asked her partymen in South 24-Parganas to behave before things go out control in the run up to the panchayat polls.At a closed door meeting held at her Kalighat residence, the Trinamool chief warned party organisers against efforts to take law in their own hands. Mamata referred to some untoward incidents to inform make the party leaders aware that she was aware of their activities. Former Trinamool MLA Arabul Islam and his men were present in the meeting. The Trinamool chief didn't name Arabul but told the party organisers to behave. After the morning meeting, Trinamool leaders held a gathering at Amtala in South 24-Parganas, on the eve of the panchayat polls.Most of the Trinamool MPs and MLAs from South 24-Parganas, beginning with district party president Chowdhury Mohan Jatua to Raidighi MLA Debashree Roy, were present in the meeting. However, Trinamool MLA from Canning Paschim Shyamal Mandal, who was dropped from the ministry in the recent Cabinet shuffle, gave the meet a miss.But why did Mamata choose South 24-Parganas only? According to Trinamool sources, the party chief did the stocking with South 24-Parganas and other districts will follow. The source also pointed to the continuing faction feuds that Mamata wants to address well ahead of the panchayat polls. Such feuds took an ugly turn at Canning, Raidighi and Bhangar early this year, so much so that a Trinamool leader was arrested in connection with the murder of the ruling party's Canning-II block president Manik Paik in June. Soon after the incident, the leader's family members alleged that a rival faction of the party was behind the murder.A similar feud broke out at Raidighi some months ago, prompting party seniors Subrata Bakshi and Mukul Roy to restrain the rival factions. This apart, Mamata has also received complaints of corruption against some of the partymen holding office in the Trinamool-run panchayats and South 24-Parganas zilla parishad.Annoyed with complaints of corruption at the grassroots, the Trinamool chief stressed the need to select persons with clean image and wide public acceptance as party's candidates for the panchayat polls. She asked party leaders not to make recommendations for a particular person, leaving hints that she would have the final say in the selection of candidates from the district. District Trinamool leaders were eager to leave candidate selection to the Trinamool chief because they feared that selection by other means would only add to faction feud in South 24- Parganas Trinamool.Like the Left Front did when they were in government, Mamata Banerjee also urged party organisers to reach out to households and tell them about the good work the state government is doing for the villagers. The Trinamool chief felt that the campaign on the government's projects wasn't has not been up to the mark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17538552", "title": "Archaeological Survey of India may open excavations to public", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Archaeological Survey of India is pondering a proposal to open sites of excavation projects in the city to visitors. According to sources, dusting off and exhibiting excavated portions in places like Purana Qila or Lal Kot would not only create an educational experience but also ensure protection of these sites as well as raise interest in historical monuments.Sources within ASI said excavations in many monuments in Delhi have thrown up new findings that resulted in new perspectives on the political and sociological significance and mode of construction of these sites. While some of these findings were placed in museums, the sites, themselves, have fallen into ruin as they are now back under layers of earth and debris due to neglect. Sources said it is a shame how the huge sums of money spent on the projects has gone down the drain.\"The findings should be showcased to the public so that it gets a better sense of the monument. This has not been done so far and everything exposed has been lost. Opening the site would prevent it from deteriorating,\" said an official.Some of the most unique excavations undertaken by the ASI in the last few decades are at Purana Qila, Salimgarh Fort, Lal Kot, Tughlaqabad Fort, Adilabad Fort and Siri Fort wall. Excavations at Purana Qila have thrown up a number of artifacts currently displayed at the site museum. At Salimgarh Fort, the museum houses copper bowls, pieces of pottery and coins found during excavations several years ago.The last excavation project in Delhi was Tughlaqabad Fort in 2001. \"At Adilabad Fort - which is overshadowed by Tughlaqabad Fort and lesser known, excavations within the palace complex unearthed staircases and ramparts that helped estimate the lay of the fort. A very successful project had also been taken up at Lal Kot in the late eighties and early nineties,\" said the official.Opening the excavations at Tughlaqabad Fort to public would help spread historical interest, said experts. Said to be one of the earliest examples of a fort city in India, a major portion of the complex is now in ruins. More concerning is the fact that encroachments are fast expanding on the inhabited part of the fort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17543338", "title": "AMRI fire: A year later, victims' kin and survivors still in shock", "text": "KOLKATA: Dhananjoy Pal, who lost his teenaged daughter this day a year ago in the AMRI hospital fire, laments why it was his \"little girl\" and not he who was choked to death.\"I wish I was admitted instead of my daughter. Then she would still be alive,\" said Pal, the father of 15-year-old Prakriti.Ninety-four people were killed in the fire that ravaged the seven-storey centrally air-conditioned annexe at the premier private hospital in the cityThe spark started in the wee hours of the morning of December 9 in the hospital's basement and left behind death and devastation as the resulting flames and fumes spread to the upper storeys.Most of the victims - seriously ill patients too infirm to move - died a slow and painful death inhaling toxic fumes.For their near and dear ones, several of whom were witnesses to the tragedy, life changed forever.Pal's daughter was scheduled to be discharged a day later. But the father could never imagine what fate had in store for his family. The parents now live with memories of Prakriti.\"She was an all-rounder. She painted beautifully and had she been with us, she would be preparing for her board exams. We took her there (AMRI) because we wanted her to get the best treatment, but she never came back,\" said Pal, whose daughter was in the building's third floor following a head injury.\"Her mother has never really stopped crying,\" said Pal.Rangan Dey, 25, whose father was among the fire victims, says it has been a \"drastic change\" overnight.\"It was a shock. We are still coming to terms with his loss. My mother is still broken,\" said Dey, whose father too was to be discharged the next day.For Alok Chakraborty, coping with the absence of his 67-year-old brother-in-law, Jawahar Lal Ganguly, and picking up the threads of life again has proved to be a \"slow\" process.Ganguly had been admitted to hospital after tests showed signs of cerebral attack. He had begun responding to medication following admission.\"We are going about our daily life but mentally we are still struggling. We are trying to move on but life has been slow,\" said Chakraborty, vice president of the Human Health Right Forum, a group formed by relatives of the fire victims.But for Pal, letting go and moving on seems impossible.\"How can I let go? She was just a teenager. I was there right from the time the fire broke to the time I cremated her body. Every night, the image of her body being consumed by the flames flashes before me.\"Ahana Chatterjee, 88, was one of the lucky few who managed to escape the inferno.According to her grandson Abhrodip Ganguly, she has not spoken about that night since then.\"Although she was lucky to have survived, she is not the same woman. She used to walk around and go to the kitchen to cook, but now she is not that active. It's emotional trauma.\"It's hard to believe the authorities were so callous. They played with so many lives,\" said Ganguly.A year after, the kith and kin of the departed and those who were lucky enough to be saved live for a cause.\"The thought that drives me to live every day is that no one else's daughter should suffer the same fate. If I can prevent such a thing from happening again, I will fight till the end,\" said Pal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17539619", "title": "Statue of Pope John Paul II in Vasai church", "text": "MUMBAI: A statue of Pope John Paul II was unveiled at a Vasai church by the Vatican ambassador to India and Nepal, Archbishop Salvatore Pennacchio.The Italian Archbishop unveiled the statue in Gonsalo Garcia church at Barampur in Vasai (W). The late pontiff had visited the shrine 26 years ago. Last year, the Vasai diocese had celebrated the silver jubilee of Pope John Paul II visit to Vasai.The Archbishop said that Vasai residents were blessed to have had the opportunity to welcome Pope John Paul II in 1986. A large crowd had gathered as Archbishop Pennacchio offered an English mass in the evening at the church.The Archbishop will conduct services on Sunday at the St Peter's school ground at Arnala in Virar and then head for Talasari on Monday. On Saturday, the Archbishop visited various Catholic institutions and met delegates from organizations in Vasai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17540489", "title": "University of Mysore to have ad-hoc administration again", "text": "MYSORE: The ad-hoc administration will be back at the University of Mysore.The government will name an in charge VC on Monday as the first meeting of the search panel is meeting on December 14. Incumbent VC V G Talawar is demitting office on Monday, and the government has started the process to put in ad-hoc administration in place. \"The varsity has sent in five names, who can be named as in charge VC,\" sources told STOI. It is expected that one of the deans will be named as the in charge VC.In October 2007, when then VC J Shashidhara Prasad demitted the office, the government put in place ad-hoc administration naming an in charge VC as a stop-gap arrangement, which continued for over 13 months before Talawar was appointed as the VC on December 10, 2008.With the search panel headed by former VC H P Khincha holding the first meeting on December 14, the government is constrained to appoint an in charge VC. However, higher education minister C T Ravi said the new VC will be named soon. \"We've constituted the search committee, which is meeting on December 14. The process is on,\" he stated, adding that the government cannot press the panel to complete its assignment quickly.Higher education minister bats for pvt varsitiesAmidst mounting pressure on the government not to press for setting up of private universities in the state, higher education minister C T Ravi on Saturday argued in its favour.\"Karnataka could not have emerged as the IT hub in India but for the setting up of private engineering colleges in the state. Bangalore is IT City, because Karnataka has been producing quality graduates at its private engineering colleges,\" Ravi said, adding: \"We are not communist state to ban private sector,\" he asserted, even as he sought to clear doubts about the private varsities.According to him, the government has put in place checks and balances and ruled out banning private varsities in the state. \"We should be pro-development and it should be a win-win situation for all,\" he told reporters. This comes after ABVP, the student wing of BJP, urged the government not to approve private varsities. \"Quality education should be our primary concern. We're seeking more seats in private varsities and there will be control over their fee structure too. There should be competition in the education sector,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "17540246", "title": "Supporters of minister, MLA spar at function", "text": "SALEM: A function organised by the district administration in Thalaivasal near Attur on Saturday to distribute welfare assistance ended in an ugly spat between supporters of state highways minister Edaipadi K Palanisamy and DMDK leader and Gangavalli MLA R Subha. Later, Subha and her supporters blocked traffic on the Salem-Chennai national highway accusing AIADMK cadres of attempting to assault her.The function was held to disburse free mixers, grinders, fans and other financial grants worth 1.65 crore. Minister Palanisamy and Subha were among the guests. After the collector's address, the minister was called on to the dais to speak. Subha, who wanted to speak but her requestwas rejected. \"I expected that they will give some time after the minister's speech. But they started distributing free gifts after the minister's speech,\" Subha said.Later, the minister called Subha to distribute financial grants to some of the beneficiaries and asked her to join him for a photograph. During the photo session, some AIADMK functionaries allegedly tried to push Subha while she was standing next to the minister. An irked Subha showed her displeasure.Some AIADMK functionaries raised slogans against DMDK leader Vijayakanth provoking DMDK functionaries to resort to slogans against the CM and government. Heated arguments followed and tension prevailed at the venue.The MLA left the venue in a huff along with supporters and staged a sit-in protest on the Salem-Chennai national highway accusing AIADMK cadres of misbehaviour.Traffic on the highway was affected for more than half an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17543994", "title": "Cook applauds efforts of Ahmed, Flower", "text": "KOLKATA: Heaping praise on England's coaching staff, skipper Alastair Cook said the vast knowledge of spin bowling consultant Mushtaq Ahmed and head coach Andy Flower have helped his team take an unbeatable 2-1 lead in the four-Test series against India.\"We're very lucky that we have got people like Mushy (bowling coach Mushtaq Ahmed). He's experienced in these conditions having grown up in Pakistan, playing in these conditions all the time,\" said Cook.\"His nuggets of advice, which you can only get from experience. He works very hard. And we've got Andy, how he batted here. So, two very good people. These are very important wins. We had a tough 2012. The way we quickly managed to rectify few of our problems, it's a credit to our coaching staff and the leadership of Andy Flower.\"Also to the players as well, especially on this tour. A new captain, things are slightly different. I can't praise them enough. Unfortunately, the job's not done yet,\" added Cook looking ahead to the fourth and final Test in Nagpur beginning on Thursday.Cook led from the front with a masterclass 190 as England displayed a clinical performance to defeat India by seven wickets in the third Test at Eden Gardens on Sunday, for their second successive Test wins.The way English batsmen have tackled Indian spinners with ease had surprised many but Cook did not want to read too much into it.\"Because if we have another bad performance, the old flag is up again. We are going in the right direction. I said this at the beginning of the tour, and I will have to keep saying it that we have to keep improving and keep working hard,\" said Cook.\"New guys have come in and we need to give them the best advice that we can...what we have learnt from this tour and what we have learnt in the last 12 months as an England side. Keep passing that information so that the experience that few of us have got now and we can keep using that,\" said Cook.James Anderson was the pick of the English bowlers at the Eden Gardens, claiming six wickets as he troubled the Indians with his reverse swings.\"We know what quality Jimmy possesses, and Steve stepping up after not getting match practice and hitting his mark straightaway with figures, very difficult to score off.\"It's a credit to their fitness and heard that even when it gets tough, they keep running in for me. As a captain that's all you can ask for,\" he said in his praise of the pace duo of Anderson and Steven Finn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17539773", "title": "Can liberals reclaim patriotism?", "text": "Being \"polite and courteous\" only got liberals shouted down. Writer Ramachandra Guha dispenses with the popular image of a standard-issue liberal democrat. He declares himself a \"polemicist\" and says his views are \"liberal views expressed in extreme fashion\". His latest book, Patriots and Partisans, includes an essay titled 'A Short History of Congress Chamchagiri'. His talk on 'How to be a Passionate Liberal' was delivered in a similar tone. The Congress gets bashed for sycophancy; the Hindu right and Maoists get bashed too, ironically for the same reason - being \"bloodthirsty brutes\".The book, apart from being the work of a \"liberal polemicist\", is also the \"work of a patriot\". \"Patriotism,\" Guha explained, \"has become the preserve of the right, particularly the Hindu right.\" He'd rather not call the right-wingers \"nationalists\" or even \"saffron\". \"They are Hindu chauvinists,\" he stated and, getting increasingly angry, described the communal riots in Bhagalpur in 1989. \"I was confronted by the horror of religious violence and the poisonous damage to Hindu liberalism and pluralism that the right is causing,\" he said. And a 2006 visit to Dantewada gave him a chance to observe, first-hand, the effects of Maoist violence. \"Why have the left and the liberals allowed them (the right) to appropriate the language of patriotism?\" he asked.And the party which had once stood for liberal values is now the \"preserve of a single family\". \"How can it (the Congress) speak for India when it speaks for a family and the perpetuation of the same family?\" Guha suggested that the seeds of nepotism in politics were sown when Indira Gandhi introduced her sons to it and turned a party into a \"family firm\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-09"}
